The non-ferrous metal industry (603799) has outperformed its performance, and integration has improved.
Events: The company issued a performance forecast for 2021, which is expected to be attributable to the shareholders of listed companies in 2021, and the net profit of the company on the shareholders of listed companies in the fourth quarter of 2021 ranged from 1.230 billion yuan to 1.73 billion qum of high nickel to the end of the melody, and technical barriers helped companies to expand the profit margin.
JESUS issues the Standard Conditions for the Lithium ion Batteries Industry (2021 edition), which requires energy intensity of energy-type power cells to be ~180wh/kg, battery energy density ~120wh/kg, with higher requirements for the performance of lithium phosphate batteries, and future or primary phase-out of some of the backward production of phosphate-hydrazine, leading upstream positive producers.
Transition to a three-dimensional route with higher energy density. Adding up next year will be a wave of eight or more orthodox aircraft loadings, ncm811, nca, etc. are in the process of certification or small-scale production, with companies representing high nickel pre-diplomatic producers with strong downstream demand, oligopolistic markets, supply and demand in the short term.
• Indonesia’s nickel resource planning volume is ahead of schedule, yielding over-expected profits. As the triton material moves to a high nickel route each year, the nickel content of the pre-tonne drive rises from 0.2 tons of ncm33 to 0.5 tons of ncm811 tons of nickel, prev.
Global nickel demand was about 4.5 million tons in 2025, an increase of about 70 per cent over 2021, mainly power batteries. A breakdown shows that stainless steel materials such as iron, electrolytic nickel are running out of supply over time or in the form of excess supply. On one side, the demand for nickel sulphate is higher, and supply will remain structurally short in 2022.
With the company’s wet-law nickel project in Indonesia, the Chinese-red-earth nickel-wet-metallurgical project will be complemented, and the company is expected to increase the three-dollar pre-drilling and triple positive profits through the upstream layout. The company has entered into several Strategic Cooperation Agreements to bind high-quality customers, and performance certainty has increased in the recent past.
The strategic collaboration between the company and the Japanese technology, Yung-chung and Moe-Technology respectively, the company's ex-promotion clients have come to the top, and three agreements are expected to bind up more than 800,000 tons of ex-remotive needs in 2025, corresponding to 450gwhh power cell capacity, indicating a high level of optimism downstream about the development of the future industry and the expansion of the customer base.
1. The Chinese friend cobalt industry (603799): Performance is as expected, does not have and is willing to engage in deep binding with the company, reflecting downstream recognition of the quality of the company ' s products, with a focus on the integration process (2021-11-01)
The company’s copper and cobalt business will continue to contribute to the profits, while the company’s positive business is integrated, with the pioneers supporting the profit space (2021-08-17).
Over the next three years, the company’s combined income growth rate will be 41%. Considering that the company is the only target for achieving positive material integration in the current market, it maintains a “buy-in” rating.
On the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of the company ' s sub-operational income for 2021-2023 as follows:
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.