The performance of the integrated lithium electric material was over-expected, and the company ' s 2021 year-round was over-expected, with an increase in the volume of lithium electrical material and the successful implementation of the integration strategy.
The implementation of the Division ' s high-end, industry-integrated business strategy has been particularly effective, with companies continuously increasing the layout of large high nickel products, tied to the depth of their downstream core clients, while upstream resource layout continues to move forward, and the Chinese project pre-positions test production; and 2) lithium electric materials are in full measure: the company ' s pre-triple drive capacity has been successful
Production volumes, with a significant increase in product prices, have significantly increased corporate performance; 3) high metal prices have increased corporate performance: q4 copper, nickel prices have remained high, metal cobalt prices have increased by up to 20 per cent, contributing significantly to the company ' s performance; and 4) Bamo technology has significantly improved corporate performance in 2021 by listed companies in q3 and listed companies.
Qiuzu, the copper and cobalt plates have become big, the lithium plates have completed the puzzle, and the core resource advantages have been constructed.
Cobalt plate smelting has an annual capacity of 11.1,390 tons, respectively: (1) nickel: the company ' s nickel and cobalt project is progressing well: 1) China ' s annual production of 60,000 tons of nickel metal wet smelting project has been pre-positioned and is expected to be rapidly released in 2021q4; 2) the Chinese nickel industry ' s annual production of 45,000 tons of high ice nickel project is expected to commence in the first half of 2021
In mid-2022, production was completed; 3) pre-construction work on the Chinese Cobalt Cobalt 120,000 tonnes of Cobalt for Cobalt hydroxide Cobalt Wet Smelting Project was initiated; 4) the 30,000 (metal) tons of Batteries-grade Sulphur Nickel Project is expected to be completed in 2022. (2) Cobalt aspects: company deep-cultivating Congolese gold, subsidiary cdm and mikas.
Cobalt production capacity totals 2.14 million tons of gold and already has 39,000 tons of cobalt smelting capacity, while cobalt associated with the Indonesian wet-law project will significantly contribute to the company ' s primary cobalt production capacity. (3) Lithium: the company acquired 100 per cent of the equity of the prospective lithium mining company in the upstream resource mapping of the Zimbabwean arcadia mine, forming a deep moat river.
Downstream extension of triodes and lithium phosphate, building a new, more competitive energy, lithium electricity industry. 1. Hua-Yo Cobalt Industry (603799) announces: high performance in technology. Meanwhile, 50,000 tons of high nickel pre-drives are being built through non-public distribution, and no more than 76 are being distributed.
Growth, looking at the layout of lithium electric materials, billion dollars in remortgage in Guangxi Bamo to drive up to 50,000 tons of high nickel orthodox material per year, and in the announcement of the Chinese Friends Cobalt Industry (603799): copper + forward drive.
The q4 profits continue to increase significantly, and the state's 3-megagram pre-drive project will continue to be used in the future by the company's 3-mega-materials;) 3. The Chinese friend cobalt industry (603799) announces: copper plus front drive.
In the case of lithium phosphate, companies have joined forces to build 500,000 tons of production capacity, acquire access to calcium technology and continue to release, and performance has continued to improve. Ten thousand tons of manufactured capacity, 75,000 tons of lithium phosphate are in the process of producing capacity, and downstream battery technology routes have been developed.
4. In the Chinese-American cobalt industry (603799), it was reported that: first sight of the transition Investment proposals: companies have developed deep moats in the upstream resource layout, downstream production of lithium materials has increased effectiveness, and pre-drivers have opened up the release volume
5. China-Yo-Yo Cobalt Industry Bulletin Review: Identification of a high-energy nickel project to improve the whole chain of lithium electricity \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.