No change in the long-term trend of the East Plum beverages (605499), 46.9 per cent more than $3.11 per cent more. 2022q1 achieved operating income of $2007 million, with the same increase: zhoulingya@wkzq.com.cn
: luuyifan@wkzq.com.cn 2021, accompanied by the nationalization drive, saw a slight slowdown in the outbreak-disturbed growth rate of 2022q1.In 2021, as the company’s large monolithic strategy progressed smoothly, the company’s performance was four times faster than that of the industry.
A rapid increase of $5.02 billion, or 62.8 per cent, over the same period, of the 500-ml gold cylinders (14 pct-76.2 per cent), which, for the subregion, benefited from full-source farming, $3.2 billion for the port of Guangdong, an increase of 29.7 per cent, accompanied by a steady expansion of the network in the out-of-provincial region and the gradual start of the development of individual networks after the end of the period.
2.09 million end-points, up by 44.5 per cent/74.2 per cent from 2020, with a significant nationalization effect, the Guangdong dollar, which increased by 33.4 per cent, matched the income-side growth rate, mainly with good end-marketing and low pipeline stock. The 22q1 Guangdong/National Marketing/National Direct Camp component generated $785 million per unit, 1036 million.
Business efficiency has steadily improved, and the gross sales spread has gradually increased. In 2021, the company ' s Māori rate was 44.4 per cent, up 0.5 pct, excluding the effects of recategorizing transport costs to operating costs as a result of changes in accounting policies.
The same-year increase of 0.7 pct to 47.3 per cent is mainly due to the continued upscaling of 500 ml gold bottles in advance of the lock price of the main raw material polyester slices. 22q1 was depleted by the consumption of low-priced raw materials and the cost of purchasing it.
In general, the rapid upscaling and digitally driven streamlined management of revenue has led to a gradual increase in the firm ' s size effect, with a magnification of the gross sales spread leading to an increase in net corporate interest rates of 0.72 to 17.1 per cent over 21 years.
The idea of nationalization is becoming clearer and more multidimensional. In 2021, the company made a strategic layout in close proximity to the full range of market opportunities. Looking ahead, on products, we believe that the steady progress of nationalization will be accompanied by a high-speed release period of 500ml gold bottles, which will continue to grow, with energy and output expected to increase.
The continuous improvement of the matrix is expected to produce a “second growth curve” that will contribute to a new increase; on the channel, the company, relying on the Internet, upgraded to a “five-yard connection” on the basis of a “four-yard connection”, which will lead to better integration of channels and more precise management of the whole channel, with a significant increase in efficiency of work; and on the capacity, which will be available at the end of 2021.
The Division has built seven major production bases, with a design capacity of 236,500 tons, which will significantly increase the efficiency of the production chain and increase the productivity utilization rate, which will provide the firm with a solid basis for nationalization.
1. The fall of the Red Bull trademark, China ' s continued ownership of the trademark, which led to increased competition in the market, the unanticipated expansion of the company ' s nationalization, the slowdown in end-market sales, changes in people ' s habits leading to the consumption of energy beverages, less than expected consumption, a slowdown in the growth rate of the industry, and higher than expected fluctuations in the cost of raw materials