East Poon beverage eastrocbeverage (605499ch) for the first time covered: accelerated nationalization of the region, energy beverage platform, wake-up call to youth
• Young people need to wake up, energy beverage has a long, thin, and fast growth.
The country's energy beverages head business has succeeded in shaping a brand known to a wide range of consumers.
The company has grown from Guangdong and continues to expand its national development profile. According to the firm’s offer, the company will increase brand influence and market ownership of its products.
Development into a leading functional beverage business. Level. Rapid growth in revenue generation also leads to excellent financial indicators - (1) net profit margin of 28.15 per cent per year.
• Functional + consumer group expansion drives energy beverages to a better view, and the share of eastern pontoon drinks is rising rapidly. Energy beverages are now becoming an important subcategory of the global beverage industry, and are growing steadily and continuously.
The market, dominated by the Austrian Red Bull & Monster. And the domestic market, where the beverages industry, after initial breeding of the Chinese Red Bull, benefits from such factors as the resistance to fatigue demand, the diversity of the base, and consumer acceptance, is fast-tracking.
According to the AIDS consultant, China's energy beverage market 2019-2024 is now “exceedingly strong” in our energy beverage market. In 2020, the Red Bull (Warbin + Tianxy) city ranked first, with 55%.
Second, in 2021, the volume of sales in the East Pott drink market rose from 27.00 per cent to 31.70 per cent (the market ranked first), and the share in sales rose from 20.20 per cent to 23.40 per cent.
Strong competitiveness within the economy is also a reflection of the continued growth of firms toward consumers. To benefit from the overall future of the industry, the market share is rising further, far above the industry average, in the context of growing brand power.
♪ ♪ Eun-hye ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Eun-hye ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Eun-hye ♪ ♪ ♪ Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! ♪