Harmonizing multiple factors in the communications industry to contribute to growth in performance • Global top2sip telephone provider, best market for international domestic markets. Companies are committed to small and medium-sized business users
High-quality videoconferencing system and other related components: 95.56 per cent of overseas receipts, with products sold in 106 countries and regions around the world; market demand and industry growth; integrated communications industry is in a fast-growing phase, 2014-2016
Globally Harmonized Communications Terminals (GHC) products are sold at an annual rate of about 15%, and the industry is expected to grow even more rapidly with the maturity of the voip technology and the involvement of traditional telecommunications providers. According to frast&sullivan, by 2019, the GMC products are expected to reach 49.3 million and harvests, respectively.
Large market demand will provide a firm margin of profit and performance assurance for the unified communications industry, including firms in systems, terminals, and services. Research is strong, building deep technical barriers.
Researchers make up 41.30% of the company’s workforce. Strong R & D power and input give companies 71 patents and 31 software copyrights in the country at the global level.
Key points. In the rapidly changing telecommunications industry, companies ' heavy investment in R & D has created an important star network sharpness (002396), and a 77-fold market surplus for their main competitor, plcmus. Considering the difference in asset pricing in the Central American market and the company’s growth and scarcity in the a-share market, we give it to the public.
Corporate Profile: The leading global UTC provider, Xiamenungung Network Technology Inc., focuses on the autonomous R & D, marketing and services of the enterprise UTC solution, and is the leading global UTC solution provider.
The solution, which includes technical equipment and software such as desktop terminals, videoconferencing terminals and software terminals, enables business users to communicate audio, video and data with any equipment at any time or place, and is an intelligent, efficient enterprise communication terminal solution that helps enterprises to achieve the communications effects of connectivity.
The company’s main clients are large telecommunications operators, including Britishtelecom, telefonica, and well-known companies such as Citibank, Qatar Airlines, Kyouta, Fox and others.
Growth has benefited from the rapid development of a globally integrated communications industry, as well as from company-led product technology and good brand visibility. With this collection of funds in place, it will be more conducive for companies to further improve the competitiveness of their brands and products and expand their distribution networks, both domestically and internationally, to a steady increase in corporate sales revenues.
The company ' s business revenue in 2016 came mainly from a unified telecommunications end product based on the tip agreement, which accounted for 80.69 per cent of the Department ' s main business income, contributed 79.33 per cent of Maori and, in recent years, has contributed 5.86 per cent of Māori to its own Māori rate of 65.07 per cent as a result of the company ' s continued roll-out of new products such as the t4 series.
For 63.13 per cent, the Māori rate for companies is essentially the same as for comparable firms in the foreign industry such as Polycom, Cisco, as there are no fully comparable listed companies in the domestic market.
As of 2016, sales of corporate products were spread across 106 countries and regions around the world, with Europe and North America as a region with a growing share of corporate markets, mainly due to a significant increase in sales through Western European channels and by operators. With the spread of services and the increased expectations of small and medium-sized enterprises for office efficiency, China’s unified communications terminal solution market will also be able to increase the share of sales in Western Europe.
Millions of dollars, or 29.25 per cent of the end product of the sip; on the other hand, companies actively promote the medium- and high-end t4 series, which is higher in unit prices and Māori than other products and gradually replaces the t3 series. Since 2014, the t4 series has sustained 25 per cent of operating income.
These increases, which represent an increase in the share of the company ' s income from its main business, have been increasing year by year, with the introduction of the Vcs high-resolution videoconferencing system in 2016, the transfer of research and development inputs and the upgrading of video series products, resulting in a continuous decline in sales of the vp series starting in 2015.
Strong R & D power and input give companies 71 patents worldwide and 31 software copyrights in the country. In terms of unified communications, the company has successfully developed its own audio and video engines to provide a good basis for easy software transplantation and platform switching, while saving a lot of money.
Third-party authorized costs of purchasing audio and video engines. R & D power is a key factor in differential competition in the billion-dollar network. In the rapidly changing communications industry, significant corporate investment in R & D has created important competitive advantages for companies.
2.1 The upstream market is fully competitive, raw materials are priced at stable prices. The company's current product is a unified communications end product, and raw materials are purchased at a cost of 84% of the company's main business costs.
30.54%, 15.89%, and 13.02%. Since the industries of upstream chips, electronic parts manufacturing, module design and manufacturing are mature industries that are fully competitive, the unit price of company raw materials purchases has remained stable or is slowly declining, in favour of controlling the cost of the main business.
▪ Chips  LCD equipment pcb board  power source  other components 2.2 are in high demand downstream and market prospects are significant
With the maturity of the voip technology and the involvement of traditional communications providers, downstream users can choose different and uniform types of communication services based on their industry attributes. They can also use a single telecommunications terminal through the purchase of a comprehensive package of services provided by the platform provider. The rapid development of SMEs will drive the demand for advanced uc terminal solutions and unify the communications industry.
The global uc terminal solution, with $6.4 billion in sales revenue in 2015, is expected to maintain an annual compound growth rate of 11.8% in 2015-2019 and $10 billion in 2019. China’s uc terminal market benefits from the domestic economy.
Growth in the demand for economic development and corporate communications consumption, projected to be $700 million in 2015, can be illustrated in figure 17: 2013-2019, total sales revenue from the global and uc end solution market in China, which is expected to return to the 2.3sip agreement, leading to the sip end market growth
Implementation of the preferred category of voip. Not only does microsoflync support the sip protocol, but companies with second and third-income markets, which were once completely closed, will benefit from rapid industrial development. 2.4 Cloud computing helps SMEs to develop uniform communications.
The rapid development of cloud computing promotes the diffusion of uniform communication terminal equipment in the SME market. Cloud computing techniques have been falsified, automated load balances and needs-based distribution, making it possible for large-volume unified communication services (ucasaservice). Unlike traditional self-built unified communication systems, firms no longer need to purchase expensive management based on cloud-end models.
System equipment requires only a contract with a uniform communication service provider to pay monthly user fees for unified communications services. Unified communications based on cloud modes can significantly reduce the threshold for use, both in terms of technical difficulty and cost, and contribute to the diffusion of one communication end-use products in the SME market.
This fund-raising investment project will further help companies upgrade their product competitiveness and service capabilities in the area of unified communications, help them develop high-end equipment such as wireless, video communications and capture high-end market shares, enrich product lines, and overall layout.
Assumption 2: The international market economy is stable, the major countries and regions like North America and Europe will not trade with China.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.