• Central and Central Intensive Section: Profiting up, overseas + emerging plates continued to improve profitability by issuing the 2024 3-quarterly report to the company, and repayments continued to be optimized
Based on the company ' s three-quarterly performance, the company ' s Māori rate and net interest rate for sales of q1-q3 in 2024 were 111.11 per cent for corporate sales returns in the three-quarters, an increase of 0.73 pct in the same year, and a 5.7 per cent increase in net operating cash flows in the same year, with a significant 82 per cent increase in net operating cash flows in the three-quarters alone compared to the same period, and a total increase of 82 per cent in net operating cash in the same three-quarters.
The Ministry’s overdue rates are kept at a low level. Corporate prices compare with the trend of 300 deep, with the continued expansion of overseas markets and the acceleration of new businesses.
The company has consistently adhered to its internationalized development strategy, with external revenues totalling $17,644 million in the first three quarters of 2024, from planning to landing. The company has been working to accelerate market opening in the Netherlands, France, Germany, Poland, the United States, and to complete several level-I networks such as Rotterdam, Paris, Warsaw, Houston, Ontario, as of September.
At the end of the day, the company had more than 3,000 employees outside its borders, with a localization rate of about 90%, the product coverage of about 150 countries, and about 400 offshore site layouts. To improve its overall competitiveness, the company has also continued its efforts to foster new growth. According to the company ' s investor relationship log, by the end of September, the company ' s product structure had improved further.
The share of revenues from new plates, such as soil, high-capacity, agricultural machinery, and mines, has exceeded 50 per cent. 1. Internationalization has produced remarkable results, and new and emerging operations have spread rapidly. 1) Domestic sector demand has fallen short of expectations; 2) offshore markets have not expanded as expected; 3) Receivables are being recovered
“Overseas+Emergency Businesses Ongoing, Profitability Using Legally Conformity Information, Independent and Objective Presentation of this Report, Data and Information Used in this Report From Market Open Information, I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.