Continued breakthroughs in international markets, high performance of overseas operations — a report on the assessment of the events of the Central and Central Quarters (000157.sz) issued on 20 October by the Central and Central Quarters performance report for the first three quarters of 2024: 2024
ivzy@cfsc.com.cn yousw@cfsc.com.cnEmergency business continues to grow, and structural optimization leads to profit upscaling
Companies actively promote the convergence and competition of traditional and emerging industries, accelerating the formation of industrial ladders, and the growth of emerging industries. Depending on the low productivity of domestic premises, the company’s traditional and dominant industries are heavy-weighted with machinery and concrete.
Mechanical pressure continues, and in this context, the company is actively setting up new and emerging industries, generating $35.16, 3955, 2343 million for the company ' s machinery, corresponding to the growth of the medium-sized excavated product of the plate into the forefront of the industry; and the electrodynamic seepage of the high-altitude machinery.
The penetration rate is more than 90% and the electrodynamic technology level continues to lead; agricultural machines such as dryers, wheat machines, etc. of agricultural machinery are in the first and second place in the industry. As the structure of the public sector ' s products continues to optimize, the traditional industries have been integrated into the new industries.
To further increase the level of profitability of support companies, and to pursue the development of a globalization strategy, overseas markets have continued to break out of 1, Central and Central Quality Section (000157): Overseas industries
The corporate strategy for sustained globalization is being developed, with a direct system of end-to-end, digitized and home-grown growth that contributes to both profits and overall acceleration of the transition overseas, with better results for overseas operations.
2- Central IUS (000157): Overseas industry + 35.42 per cent) with sustained increase in overseas operations; also significant increase in profitability of overseas operations and acceleration of overseas operations.
The Middle East, South-East Asia and Central Asia continued to perform better than industry in the first half of the year; the three major developing potential markets of South America, Africa and South Asia as a whole doubled their growth: the two high-end markets of the European Union and North America as a whole achieved about 300 per cent of the same time.
As the company’s overseas layout continues to improve, it is expected that the offshore operations will continue to develop across the board. The profitability of the generation continues to improve, and the operating cash flow improves.
q1-q3 Māori sales rate of 28.37 per cent in 2024 (+0.61 pct) and 18.41 per cent during the reporting period (+0.78 pct), with sales ratio of +1.41 pct) and management cost increases attributable mainly to shares related to employee holding schemes
(b) Risks of changes in the macroeconomic environment and the business environment of related industries; market competition;
The Mechanical Group presents Maozheng: MA in Materials, University of Akdan, five years of experience in commodity securities investment.
Lu Dzhoyang: Master of Arts at the Australian National University, formerly in Fangzheng Seok, four years of experience, Ho Chunyu: Master of Arts, August 2023, and Master of Arts, April 2024.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index is described as follows: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer); a Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting professional consultants, as necessary, on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters.