On October 17, the company issued the Bill on the General Authorization of the Repurchase Part H Unit.
The bill proposes to buy back some of the h shares at the right time and cancel all of the repurchase shares, increasing each share of the company's earnings.
Repurchases, cancellations of shares increase each share gain and enhances shareholder returns. According to the announcement, the company plans to buy back some of the shares at the right time, taking into account its financial position and business situation.
All repurchases are cancelled; the number of repurchases does not exceed 10 per cent of the total number of shares (excluding any stockholdings) issued by the company at the time of adoption.
3. Central and Central United States Corporations Review: High Export Growth and Greater Profitability, and Repurchase Prices on Purchase Day cannot be equal to or greater than the sum of each share equal to the previous five trading days, thereby increasing shareholder returns and highlighting confidence in the long-term growth of the company ' s performance.
The company maintains a diversification of its products and the development of excavators and high machines is rapid. According to the announcement, 24h1 companies achieve 35,16/39,343 million in earth machinery, high machinery and agricultural machinery, respectively, to promote the diversification of agricultural and high machinery and to reduce their cyclical impact.
Multi-market layouts abroad, regional structural diversification. According to the announcement, the income share of 24h1 in the three major “food zones” of the Middle East, Central Asia, and South-East Asia has fallen to about 36%, overseas city revenue areas have become more diversified, and companies have become more diversified in developed markets such as the EU and North America.
By maintaining a high-quality development, there has been an improvement in receivables, inventory, and asset-liability ratios. According to the bulletin, profit forecasts, valuations, and ratings
Downstream property, less than expected capital demand, increased competition in overseas markets, the risk of rising prices of raw materials, and the risk of exchange rate fluctuations.