The increase in the Māori rate is mainly due to higher product prices, higher demand for returns, higher overseas share. 24q3 sales/management costs/research and development
□: lupei_yj@chinastock.com.cn Pensinga R & D, production supply, services, etc. 300+ products are internationally certified, 200+ products
□: Pengxingjia_yj@chinastock.com.cn has been listed overseas, with close to 15 offshore production bases, products covering about 150 countries, with a level I port/second-level network of 30+370+, 3,000+ expatriate localized employees, with a localization rate of about 90%.
The company’s new business continues to expand. In agricultural business, the country’s focus is on more than 700 major food-producing counties. Breaks, wheat is the second largest and dryer is the highest; in mining business, the world’s largest 300-ton mixed-mixing card, the world’s first 100-ton hybrid hybrid vehicle, is the most important product.
Improved risk control and improved quality of operations: 24q1-3 company exposures (notes receivable + receivables return rate of 111.11 per cent, +10.73pt, net operating cash flow of $1,208 million, an increase of 5.74 per cent, of which q3 increased by 81.57 per cent on a year-on-year basis, up from 4.42 per cent of net return profits.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: Digger data show a steady improvement in the internal market margins, with large infrastructure, farm construction, relatively deep 300 performance maps, equipment upgrades, real estate “stopping the fall back” likely to boost domestic demand together.
The city’s growth rate is still significant. 24 years of company growth abroad has been rapid, and profitability has improved significantly, and 1. [Galaxy] Industry depths _ Mechanical industries _ Research series on marine patents (engineering machinery) – regional differentiation of performance, mainframe plants
We're moving into the industry, we're going out to sea, we're going up, we're going up, we're going up, we're going out.
I am committed to presenting this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.