Business quality is steadily improving, globalization + diversification reduces the impact of the cycle 31st October 2024 Excavators are expected to get out of the bottom of the country. Since the beginning of 2024, hundreds of millions of people have benefited.
\triangleright’s ongoing work on national debt-related projects has stabilized market demand. At the same time, large-scale equipment upgrading policies have accelerated the phase-out of old “country one” “country two” equipment, stimulating some of the new machine renewal needs, and in-house sales of engineering machinery.
At the bottom, there is a downward trend in the cranes, which, according to the sub-products, are one step ahead. The 24m1-m9 excavators and the 28,000 cranes are sold, respectively, +8.6% and -35.9% respectively, respectively, as the process-mechanical equipment replacement cycle approaches and the country ' s countercyclical controls intensifys the pace of major capital projects.
Globalization + diversification strategy reduces the impact of the cycle.
Low domestic cycle impact: 1) Globalization: companies are fully active in research and development, manufacturing, supply chains, products, services, talent, etc. for end-to-end, digital, localized direct sellers 1. Central and Central Heavy Sections (000157.sz) reported in mid-2024:
In the run-up to the boom, the share of revenues from new and emerging plates such as soil, high machines, agricultural machines, mines, etc. has increased further, deep-drawing “along” towards new opportunities for companies to develop -20 cities have seen a sustained increase in their share of income and profitability. 2024h1 company’s revenues from new and emerging portfolios total $9.815 billion.
Risks are strictly controlled, and the quality of the company’s operations is steadily improving. The company attaches great importance to the quality of its operations, and through end-to-end \triangleright, the bottom of the industry’s demand, the point of performance will now be 2023/04/
• A word-based system to strengthen business-wide process controls to achieve steady improvement in the quality of operations. 24q1-q3 companies have a net operating cash flow of $1,208 million, or 5.78 per cent of the year, and 383 million, or 81.57 per cent, of the year. As of 24q3, corporate receivables, receivables, receivables and receivables were accounted for.
Investment proposal: taking into account the firm ' s strong position in the engineering machinery market, the emerging business is well under way, overseas \triangleright \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.