The growth rate of revenue and the impact of new investments on short-term profits, the recovery of multi-policy boosters, and the growth of corporate revenue have increased further. Since the beginning of 2024, the market demand has stabilized, benefiting from the start of the trillion-dollar national debt-related projects.
The policy of updating has accelerated the phase-out of the old “None One” equipment, stimulating some of the newer demand, and the bottom-up trend in the sales of the excavators. 2024q1-q3 domestic excavators sold 74,000 units, yoy+8.6%, with an increase of 4.0 pct over 24h1.
The current revenue is 2,003 million, compared to +11.12 per cent, a further increase of 2.56 pct over 24h1. The expansion of the workforce has increased and the cost rate has increased significantly during the company ' s q3.
Building on the pump valve operation, further deployment of the industrial automation and engineering machinery electricization fields to build the third growth pole of the Division. As a result, the size of the company’s workforce has expanded and the cost rate has increased significantly during the q3 period.
The International Research and Development Centre is about to be established, and research and development is showing up. The project plan of the International Research and Development Centre is reported in the first quarter of \triangleright 024: "Internationalization + new products" is progressing well.
Investing $646 million, and it is expected that the Permanent International Research and Development Centre will be established by the end of the year. The internal testing platform will be equipped with 66 (sets) R & D tests, such as the high-flow pressure fluid ratio/server valve test system, performance test stations, etc.
Machine processing and detection equipment, along with 10 information platform systems, can bring together R & D resources and better leverage R & D. Companies place a high priority on R & D inputs, 24h1 R & D inputs represent 6.92% of business income, revenue increases are faster than industry, and linear-driven projects are operational next year.
The research and development results are constantly visible. 24h1 company has launched super-pressure closed pumps with the largest ship-shifting tanks in the world, extensive applications -2023/09/04 on shield machines, mining machines, concrete pump vehicles, etc.
Integrated with multifunctionally integrated load-sensitive multi-road valves, the path of application of low-speed large torque output conditions is reported as a column stairman in the first quarter of 023: non-digger operations continue to function, exports, provide high-precision, high-resilient-resistive-controlled audio-circumstance ratio to plug valves, compact structure and safe and reliable hydrogen
A series of innovative products, such as the 2023/04/28 pressurized cylinders, will continue to be strong. The investment proposal is that companies will continue to operate without digging and overseas, taking into account the fact that domestic engineering machinery is being built up upwards this year.
\triangleright \triangleright Research conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.