Stereo hydraulic pressure (601,100): steady growth in performance, continued catalytic “internationalization, diversification, electrodynamicity” with a slight increase in cost rates and a small decline in Māori rates. The impact of a decline in exchange rate gains and losses due to factors such as company sales costs, management costs, R & D costs, exchange rate fluctuations between the United States dollar and the Mexican peso in the first three quarters of 2024; company R & D costs are still high
Over 7%, the Henji International Research and Development Centre is expected to be operational by the end of the year, reflecting firm corporate determination to consolidate core competition for innovation in research and development. The Māori sales rate for companies in the previous three quarters, down slightly from the semi-annual report, is still at a relatively high level.
The company has continued to optimize its product structure through a “diversification” strategy, with rapid growth in the sale of oil tanks such as shield machines, cranes, high machines, wind and light power sources, which have performed significantly better than the industry.
In the case of pump valves, the company has further expanded its domestic market share in high machines, excavators, loaders and agricultural machines, and has also made breakthroughs in foreign markets, resulting in bulk deliveries; in the case of motors, there has been a rapid increase in demand in the first half of the year, both at sea and in the interior, for the products of the long-distance column Semada, which has been widely applied in the trades of skating loaders, agricultural machines, coal machines, etc.
Overseas projects and linear-driven projects continue to be invested, and capacity is about to be released. As of the third quarterly report, the company was working on 14.26 and the linear drive project increased its investment. The company’s plant construction in Mexico has come to an end, laying a solid foundation for deep-seated markets in the Americas, with an estimated value of 1.703 billion yuan in additional productive capacity in the post-partum period and expanding the inter-American overseas business space.
At that time, the company continued to deep-plough the "electricity" strategy, the linear drive project proceeded steadily, and the roller staves product had been sampled.
The business strategy of metrology, electrodynamicization is steadily advancing a type one solution to construct a third growth curve.
Investment proposals: the company is a domestic hydraulic material tap, with non-digger hydraulic voltage openings in high-altitude machines, agricultural machines, seaworks, liftings, etc.; and overseas projects are steadily moving forward, with downward pressure on the growth of the company - corporate summary report.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report, using legally compliant data, and the findings of the study, which are presented independently and objectively.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.