Three-quarter reviews in 2024: the expansion of the workforce has led to profitability of billions of yuan, +10.6 per cent of the year, and the revenue side has continued to grow at a faster rate, with profits slightly lower than previous market forecasts, demand climate repairs continuing, and we expect the company's q3 q3 revenue growth ring to be higher than in the first half of the year.
Demand is stable, and non-digging plates continue to contribute at a steady rate of growth. The company’s Māori sales rate of 41.0%, compared to 1.9 ptt, is judged to be mainly in the expansion phase of both the company’s domestic and foreign operations, with significant increases in staff costs;
The decrease in the financial cost rate is mainly due to exchange rate fluctuations. (2) Fair value change gains: q3 has earned $3.79 million in fair value changes (compared to 0 in the same period last year) and increases the net rate of 1.8 pct, mainly from property gains.
Review: The expansion of people leads to short-term profitability, growth prospects, with domestic staves, overseas Mexican factories, high-mori business, long-term growth space for companies.
There are more flowers to build a second-growth curve from the offshore factory plus the string project. Corporate pluralism, internationalization.
Strategic advances and expected sustained growth in performance: (1) Mexico project: companies set up hydraulic unit production bases in Mexico, the landing of overseas production bases helps companies to successfully cut into North American diggers, high ratings: q2 performed better than market expectations, less remittances
(b) Linear Drive Project: Growing profitability after the impact of a company has been set up in three departments, one for the electric tank, one for the string, and one for the track.
Some samples, such as the Rollers, Rollers, Tracks, etc., are being tested and are now high-end string product coverage. As of 2024h1, the company has achieved a number of small batch orders downstream for full release of the 2025 capacity; the company is actively setting up mechanical electrical parts and components for engineering.
The electro-mechanical cylinders have been first laid out in high-powered products, fully validated by the market, and will be organic in the future to be validated by more engineering-mechanical products. The long-term prospects for companies’ growth remain firm, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Three financial forecasting tables for HQS are in the position of being qualified for portfolio investment consultancy with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMS).