Deep layout mechanical parts for electric engineering, high-speed pumps, 24 December 2024.
The electrodynamicization of engineering machinery can be broadly divided into "three steps". (1) Electrodynamic 1.0: replace the fuel supply system with the power supply system, while following the traditional centralized hydraulic structure, retaining multiple circuit valves as core hydraulic control components. The disadvantage is that large amounts of energy are consumed in oil and multiple circuit valves.
Medium; (2) Electrodynamic 2.0: Walking/Returning systems are electrodynamically modified to reduce multi-channel integration, while partially using hybrid driving models (electric + hydraulic tank); (3) Electrodynamic 3.0: Executing agency electrodynamics, replacing traditional hydraulic cylinders with mobile components; and distribution
A high-speed pump is the key point in the distribution of power-driven engineering machinery in the future, and the company is the global industrial class.
High-speed pump leaders. Subject to conventional internal combustion speeds, the current ceiling for industrial pumps is common in 2000-2200 rpm, which is the main factor limiting the speed of electrical output. High-speed pumps are superior in terms of increasing power density, miniaturization, precipitation, etc., and are the core components of the distributed layout; and
Smaller pumps and electric machines can be used as electric pumps to save space further. But at present, high-speed pump products are concentrated mainly in aerospace, industrial-level high-speed pump products are rarely consulted, and the full advantage of high-speed pumps needs to be increased to more than 10,000 rpm.
The pressure responded positively to the needs of the electric market, with an additional 4500 rpm - 5000 rpm high-speed pump and an integrated product of electric pumps. The company’s high-speed pumps and pumps are now used in various types of excavation.
Engineering machines such as machines, loaders, high-altitude platforms, etc., significantly improve equipment performance.
Press, watch the company's long-term growth space.
The company's full-scale layout of the bar industry, and the project is expected to produce 104,000 standard planetary roller bars per year after delivery.
Review: The expansion of the workforce has led to short-term profitability, electric cylinders, 100,000 metres of standard roll wire bars and 100,000 metres of heavy roll wire capacity, which are now under pressure to watch the company's long-term growth space.
Many engineering machines, such as high machines, go downstream. Because high machines are less demanding for output power, they operate in a simpler environment, they become a test for the battery to enter the engineering mechanical plate. The success of the battery in the high-powered field means that there will be a chance to be validated in the future in more engineering mechanical products, and the battery as a power.
With 3.0 key variables, the constant spread of the cylinders will be a major shock to the electrical power of the engineering machinery  profit prediction and investment rating: the company’s main business is growing at a steady pace, new products high-speed pumps, threads, etc. have great future applications. We maintain the company’s 2024-2026 net profit margin.
Prospectively, the demand of the domestic industry is not as strong as expected. 1. Engineering machinery electricizes “three-step” and high-speed pumps and batteries are the key catalytic variables.
Electrodynamicization of engineering machinery can be broadly divided into “three steps”. (1) Electrodynamic 1.0: Replacement of fuel supply systems with electrical power supply systems with centralized hydraulic conventional structures, retention of multiple circuit valves as core hydraulic control components. Deficiencies in the drying of large amounts of energy consumed in oil and multiple circuit valves: (2) Electrodynamic 2.0: moving/returning systems achieve electric power.
(a) To reduce the integration of multiple circuit valves, using in part a mix of electric fluids (electric + hydraulic cylinders);
Liners, to minimize unnecessary energy consumption and to maximize the efficiency of the whole system. Using distributed layouts, it is calculated that the efficiency of the whole system can be increased from 10 to 30 per cent to more than 70 per cent from centralized hydraulic fluids. theoretical efficiency = engine efficiency x hydraulic pump efficiency x hydraulic valve efficiency x implementing agency efficiency 9.92 per cent ~ 18.28 per cent
Figure 3: Three-step electric motorization of engineering machinery: the high-speed pump: the key power component of the electrodynamicization, the core of the distributed layout
High-speed pumps are the key to the future distribution of electrodynamic engineering machinery. The conventional upper limit for internal combustion engines is 2000-2200 rpm, resulting in a general ceiling for industrial pumps being limited to 2000-2200 rpm; and the current power-borne motor speeds can easily exceed 10,000 rpm, so pumps are the main factor limiting the speed of electrical output.
Speed pumps are superior in terms of increasing power density, miniaturization, precipitation, etc., and are the core components of the distributed layout. (1) Power density: the greater the power rate, the greater the power density, at the same quality, and the ratio of power output power to the speed of conversion, so that for self-important power units, the higher speed is an important way to solve power density problems; (2) small
Modelling and precipitation: where output power is certain, the higher the speed of rotation, the smaller the torque and the lower the quality of the reciprocal rotors, so that miniaturization can be achieved to facilitate distributional layouts; small volume corresponding costs are naturally reduced, resulting in a reduction in the volume; and miniaturized pumps and generators can be assembled as electric pumps, further saving layout space.
The NHL has responded positively to the needs of the electric market, and has now introduced a high-speed pump of 4500 rpm~5,000 rpm for integrated products. The company’s high-speed pumps and pumps are now used in engineering machinery such as model excavators, loaders, high-altitude platforms, etc. to significantly improve equipment operations.
1.2. Strings & Battery: Future electrodynamic linear executors, full-time efficiency excavator, power-driven core parts, and extensive downstream applications. The main function of a scuffle is to use components such as ball roll/planet rollers to match the threads of the threads and convert the rotation movement into linear motion, with high-end staggers including, inter alia, ball rollers and planet rolls.
Cylinder bars. Because of their high-speed response, high-precision control, higher loads, long life, etc., they have extremely high application value in the transmission area. As of December 2023, Rolling wire bars have been downstream covering the main control machine beds (21%), robotics and production lines (19%), aerospace and military industries (13%) and automobiles (12%) in areas such as electricization of engineering machinery.
In the field, the sculptor is the core component of the battery. The linear drivers of the battery perform excellently, which can be replaced by electrodynamic uplifting of the current hydraulic component, combined with the electrodynamic layout and distributed electrical controls, as an important driving factor towards the 3.0 step of electrodynamicization.
Alternative hydraulic fluids, high accuracy, high response speed, replacement of lost pumping oil, high loads, long life, natural oil.
Substituted by hydraulic motion, low conductivity, high accuracy, high stability, long life, down-scaling, high-precision, high-response speed, electrodynamic drive of the core components of the tank.
High accuracy, high response speed, small guide, high load, short long-lived guide, high accuracy, high-negative, long-lived company, full-scale staves, precision-covering sub-products.
Slash Industries, the project is expected to produce an annual output of 104,000 standard planetary rollers, 100,000 m standard rollers and 100,000 m heavy rollers, which are now in the prototype stage of the country’s head mainframe plant, and small quantities of orders downstream, such as machine beds.
So far, the high-voltage staves and cylinders have gone downstream in a number of engineering machines, such as high machines. Because of their low output capacity and a simpler operating environment, they are the litmus test blocks for entering engineering mechanical plates. The success of the cylinders in the high-powered field means that there will be an opportunity to be validated in the future in more engineering and mechanical products, while the cylinders are used as electric 3.0.
Key variables, the constant spread of the cylinders, will be an opportunity for a major breakthrough in engineering mechanical motorization. Figure 6: The Helium cylinders have been fully validated in high-powered products.
The company’s main business is growing at a steady pace, and new products such as high-speed pumps, threads, etc. have great applications for the future. Instead of being 29/23/20x, we remain firmly committed to the company’s long-term development prospects, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Three financial forecasting tables for HQS are in the position of being qualified for portfolio investment consultancy with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMS).