Researchchand developmentcenter Biadi: Supertech makes high-end brands, watch
1.q3 Performance exceeded expectations, and scale effects gradually emerged. 3. Biadi (002594.sz) In-depth report: The King of the New Energy Age, Biyadi: Super-technology made high-end brands, looking at the future.
On January 5th, 2023, Biadi held an upsight brand and technology launch. A new high-end car brand was officially launched, looking at its core technology, `Crosswipe'. New million-grade energy hardcore off-roads u8 and million-grade pure electric power supermix u9. In the future, `Crosswire' technology will be marked.
The technology is driven independently around four power plants, combining the depth of the whole vehicle with the perception, based on stable vector control, and achieving a highly secure technology platform.
The core power of the technology is based on four wheeled edge generators that can drive the wheels individually, which can impose different torque on the wheels. We can understand the technological leadership of the quartet by understanding the advantages and difficulties of the wheelside power technology. The wheelside power technology is derived from a four-wheel distributed drive.
Under the system, wheel power and torque can be distributed independently, increasing the stability of the vehicle. But, because of the technical difficulties of the wheel-side power plant in many areas, such as structural deployment, heat management, electromagnetic compatibility and vibration control, only a few commercial vehicles, such as the Ceefu and Biadei buses, are currently available.
The technology was published by a number of car companies, with no precedent for production. But, with the release of the technology, the brand model was brought into the field of vehicle use and was first in place in the world.
Technology matures, super-techs make high-end brands. Middle- and low-end markets are strong, opening up brand upwards: companies turn up their brands with ups and ups, looking up their brands for two new models, of which u8 locates millions of new energy hard.
Peisan, with a portable body, can accelerate up to three seconds, 100 km; u9 position, 100 km; last month's increase and decline (%) of the 10,000-degree pure electric performance overloads the transvestite power system, zero-second acceleration, two-second speed.
Designed with smart electric butterflies doors. Powered brands added 400,000 dollars in price-belt blanks, first-distributed share share (%) The vehicle-type surged in September. The company, with its dynasty, has a solid mid- and low-end market.
Head positions, to look up, to hit high-end markets, to open up brand-up paths. The product matrix is rich, the brand premium is up, looking at future price increases: the company has formed a dynasty, the ocean, the power, looking at four product matrices, and the price gradients of the brands are clear, up to the top.
One million-grade luxury cars, down to $100,000. On the basis of a rich matrix of products, the company stabilizes its product power with leading batteries, electric machines, and power-control core technology. In 2022, it sells 1.87 million vehicles and takes the lead in new energy cars in the country.
With the increase in high-end vehicle sales, the company’s single-car revenue and net profit hub are expected to move up. And the high-visibility brands built with high-end technology from the Fretilin super-technology are expected to enhance the company’s branding premium capability and long-term interest in the company’s future.
Risk factors: High-end brand model listing process less than expected: new model sales less than expected: upstream cindasecuitiesco., Ltd.
Building 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in the West Side of Beijing City: Super-technology high-end branding 1.1 addresses fundamental issues of car safety.
As early as 2004, at the 2004 North Kyoto Car Fair, Biadey introduced a recognizable electrical concept car with four wheels that would independently control four wheels torque. But, because of the size of the vehicle, it would require a corresponding high-performance battery, a high-power electric power, a high-efficiency control, and a precise software control.
At the same time, capacity is not yet ripe for the start-up of the new energy automobile industry. But, with the technological advances of Biadi over the last 20 years, there has been a core breakthrough in the three main areas of battery, electrical, power-controlled electric vehicle technology, which has finally enabled the four power plants to drive production opportunities.
1.2 Equable technology core: Four power units independently drive vehicle vector control. Equable technology is a technological platform driven independently around four power units, combining the depth of the whole vehicle with a sense of integration, based on stable vehicle vector control to achieve extremely safe technology.
1.2.1 Four main components: Four main components include "power architecture platforms, depth-wide integration perceptions, central computing platform plus domain control structures, and self-evolved control algorithms". The power structure platform consists of two power units in front and back, with four wheel-side power units independently controlling four wheels.
, combined with a multisensor-convergence of the depth of the vehicle, a millisecond-scale real-time adjustment of the car's dynamics through a super-computing platform. The ability to quickly adjust the torque of the single wheel, or even output the torque, at random, creates the four main components of vehicle stability control.
With a strong power-driven power-control technology, it is easy to brash and shift to double redundancy. The structure consists of the first two power units, the second two power units, the central controls, blades, batteries, etc.
Efficiency is as high as 97.7%, with a maximum turn speed of 20,500 rpm. With a powerful power-driven total technology, the quartet is able to turn negative torque the wheel output and achieve a brake-reducing rate of more than 1 g, which allows for the braking of the whole vehicle and a shift to double redundancy.
The four power units are able to fully scale and control the driving power of each of the four wheels.
Vector control in the \triangleright direction, without the intervention of a braker, allows each wheel to move forward or backwards with a different torque, thus controlling the trajectory of the vehicle.
Three core techniques are used, two of which are: limit slide control. The maximum friction between each wheel and the surface is calculated by combining perception, multisensor precision.
The three main technologies are three: body stability control. The Quadrants will develop new features that are more secure in the form of data-closing loops and deliver them to the owner through the ota. The Quadrant platform has four power.
The machine-driven technology integrates a safe gene into a vehicle and gives users an extremely secure car experience. Figure 5: Three core technologies for ease of movement; Three core technologies for ease of movement.
Four four power units are independently controlled by four power units, controlling the trajectory of the vehicle, and four power units are independently controlled by four power units.
Precision control, farewell skiing, extreme skim control.
Quadratic body stability control, super-intrusive whole-body stability control platform users bring about the previous safety experience, body stability control.
1.3 From the point of view of the technology of the wheel-side power plant, the core power base of the technology is four wheel-side power units that can drive the wheels individually, which can impose different twists on the wheels. We can understand the technological leadership of the wheel-side power technology by understanding its merits and difficulties.
1.3.1 What is a wheeled power unit? Under distributed-drive technology produces wheel-side power demand. According to the paper " Research on wheel-side-drived electric car-driven anti-sliding control " , distributed-driven electric vehicles are used in relation to centralized power-driven motor vehicles.
The power system is driven by the power provided by a single motor passing to the wheel through the transmission body: the distributed power-driven vehicle is driven by two or more generators independently. The distributed power-driven vehicle is installed directly in the wheel or driven directly by the power-transfer process as compared to the power loss, the low efficiency, and so on.
The wheels are separated from the wheels, which are not integrated into the wheels, but are connected to the wheels through the engine output axis. There are two forms of the four-wheel drive.
Hand-over wheels: 2) wheel-drilled motor form: integrates power, motion and braking decorations into the wheels and directly transmits the power to the wheel. Figure 7: Two forms of distributed-driven technology
Wheelside powerers are more sophisticated than wheeled power generators in terms of volume technology. Both wheel and wheel edge powerers can achieve control of the motor vehicle chassis by independently controlling the speed, drive or brake of different wheels, and improve the characterization of the vehicle's movement. But the wheelled engine can have an impact on the vehicle's handling by increasing the weight under the spring and by installing the wheeled engine.
In wheels, the sealing requirements for electric machines are higher. Wheelside power is more mature and more productive than wheels. Wheels are relatively independent from wheels, and their power options are larger than wheels, reducing the quality of non-springs and increasing the stability of vehicles.
1.3.2 Biadi production technology is among the leading in the world, and from an industrial point of view, the wheeled electric power plant technology is temporarily in non-volume production, and the wheeled power plant technology is being used in commercial vehicles in small quantities.
Only a few former manufacturers, such as the k10b electric bus of zfaxrave and Biadi, had bulk applications.
Zfaxtraxave, an autonomous brand represented by Biade, has taken its first place in the world. In the area of vehicle capacity, Biadi has already taken its first position. In June 2022, Biadi declared the Convergence of Wheeled Side Drives.
The Automobile patent shows a wheeled edge-drive technology that is integrated, tightly structured, space-efficient, small size and cost-effective. On January 5, 2023, Biadi officially released a rectangular technology that could be produced in a high-value brand, formally bringing the wheelside power technology into the volume chain of production in the vehicle. With the application of the technology's volume chain,
We believe that an autonomous brand headed by Biadi is expected to lead a new round of technological changes in automobiles. Figure 9: Biadi wheelside technology patents. Figure 10: Wheelside power units used by Biadei platform
1.3.3 How can wheel-side power technology achieve a wide spectrum? With the growth of wheel-side power technology, it can provide users with a more secure car experience in multiple scenarios. Through independent vector control, it can enable vehicles to be used in multiple scenarios. For example, by independently controlling the reverse of the wheels on both sides of the wheels.
It allows vehicles to turn back in situ, supported by waterproofing levels in core systems up to ip68, to develop an emergency float function that floats them in water through four wheels of independent torque control, and also has the capability to drive straight or turn backwards to meet emergency relief needs under the threshold. And, when a vehicle requires an emergency braking, it can be pushed quickly and with an acceleration of transient changes in the tires.
The maximum friction between each wheel and the ground is calculated, with a quick response in the millisecond class of the electric machine, which provides a rapid and continuous maximum brake power, thus reducing the brake distance.
2- Impact high-end brands, looking forward to the upward trend in volume prices, 2.1 looks to brands to open up a million-grade new energy market with super-tech technology, so that brands can hit a million-grade market. Biadi released the lookout on December 8, 2022.
It's inspired by the Oracle called Electric, and the curved word is the original word called Electric, which is like a flash of light. “Electrified” indicates the technology and product lines of new energy; the ability of the lightning line to describe the extreme performance of the product; the stretching of the tentacles to the four corners, representing the brand's fearless exploration of the unknown.
Car markets, driving corporate brand upwards. Figure 13: Heads up brand: u8: Positioning a million-grade new energy hard-to-reach, longer than 5 metres long, wider than 2 metres wide, adopting a family that looks up on brands.
u9: Positioned as a million-degree pure electric energy overflow, the entire design of the vehicle retains the classic hyperdrive design element and adds to it.
In the future, the overall sense of electric overloading, with a four-dimensional power system, accelerated to two seconds, using the design of smart electric butterflies and butterfly doors. 2.2 Tight brands add a 400,000-dollar product void.
In 2010, the "fuel car inventor" Benz and the "new energy car leader" Biadee developed a desire for a new energy luxury car. With a beautiful vision of moving to the future, the two sides have complementary advantages, based on Biadi’s global leading trio technology and Mercedes’s global leading intelligence system.
In addition to the dm-i super-mixing technology, e-platform 3.0 technology, blade batteries, the vehicle has a "7-screen interconnectivity" in the super-intelligence module, and a high-level intelligent driving support system.
Dozens of homogenous start-ups, leading and unique intelligence, high-security configurations, etc., of the azimuth sensor system (24 sensors) have been able to meet the user's needs for a "favourable home" landscape.
D9 covers the 300,000-400,000 price band, and sales have risen rapidly since the market was listed. Trend d9 is a home-based mpv model, and the former domestic market has a relatively small supply of mpv models, mainly to Toyota Elfa, Guangfonsena, Bekgl8. Upon taking up the market, the market has expanded rapidly and sales have risen rapidly.
By 2022, the cumulative sales were 9803. The company's product matrix is more abundant, and sales are expected to continue to rise. Biadi has formed a dynasty, sea, rise, look at four big product matrices, and branded cars have a significant gradient, up to a million-grade luxury cars, down to a 100,000-dollar one.
We believe that sales are expected to continue to rise under new corporate technologies, brand brands, and brand brands. See the profitability of high-end brand premiums for future products.
It is expected that the company’s single-cycle collection and net profit hub will move up. And the high-end brand brand, built with high-end technology, is expected to boost the company’s brand premium capacity and long-term view of the company’s future upwards in volume. Figure 23: Company’s single-quarter collections (millions of dollars) and speed of growth
Figure 24: Single-quarter net profits from the company (millions of dollars) and speed of increase High-end branded vehicle listing process less than expected; new model sales less than expected; upstream raw material price escalation risk, etc. 4 core team members. 4 years of research experience in the automobile industry, good at top-down investment opportunities.
Full coverage, focusing on opportunities in areas such as Tesla’s industrial chain, smart cars, and autonomous brands. Bones. Used to work at Toyota Autotechnical Center and Joaquin Securities, one year of work experience in automobile companies + two years of research in the automobile industry.
Cao Zijie, Assistant Research Assistant, Sindha Securities Automobile Industry, Master of Economics, Bachelor of Arts in Technology, Beijing University of Technology, covering intelligent cars, car connections, new power in car construction, etc. Ding Ji, Master of Finance, University of Melbourne, covering smart cabins, electric motorization, car preparation, etc.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.