Researchchand developmentcenter Biadi: Performance against expectations, cyclist profitability
Biyadi: "The kingdom of Qin" is going to destroy the fuel fuel.
3. Biadi: The scalation effect is now in place, with 22 years of significant increase in bicycle profits, Biadi: performance is up to expectations and one-car profitability is up, with $15,374 million received in the fourth quarter, representing an increase of 120.4 per cent; net return to the mother is achieved
In the case of automobiles, there has been a high rate of growth and further increase in profitability: the company’s operating income from its main business has increased. Of this, the automobile business has achieved a business income of $324,691 million, an increase of 188,64 per cent over the previous year. The company’s size effects have been added to the vertical supply chain’s advantages and its profitability has continued to increase.
In 2022, the Māori rate for automobile operations was 20.39 per cent, compared to +3.69 pt. The sales of new energy vehicles increased at a high rate, from 1.57 million vehicles for 22 years to 212.8 per cent for 22 years and 68.34 million vehicles for 22 q4, an increase of 146.4 per cent for the company ' s new energy vehicle countries throughout the year.
Domestic sales are ranked first, with municipalities accounting for 28.4 per cent, and continue to be a national leader. Mobile business accounts for 98.815 billion yuan, an increase of 14.3 per cent over the same period, showing a firm growth trend.
In 2022, company sales/management were mainly due to an increase in after-sales services and employee remuneration. The management cost was 2.36%, and the technology was consolidated by a combination of industry-ctb, dilink4.0 (5g), dm-p and others.
At the same time, companies have been active in the field of intelligence, working with British Weida and Horizon, and working with them to become more intelligent, with high-level auxiliary drivers as the next point. The product matrix is gradually enriched, and overseas markets are expected to open up new amounts.
In the first half of the year, the company launched new high-end mpv-teamd9, seals, and in the second half of the year, high-end brands look up and move towards high-end. 23q1 continues with new products such as the Qin Plusm-i championship, the Hanev championship, and the Dondm-i championship.
At the same time, the company’s continued use in overseas markets has resulted in a cumulative export of 55916 new energy vehicles over 22 years, an increase of 307.2% over the same period. The company will accelerate its expansion in Europe, Asia and the Pacific, and the Americas in 23 years.
In view of the increased competition in the domestic automobile market, we are working on a profit forecast. We are predicting a net return of 27.9 billion yuan in 2023-2025, 38.1 billion yuan in 2025.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Risk factors: High-end brand model listing process less than expected; new model sales less than expected; upstream figure 6: Māori and net interest rate of a company for a single quarter; figure 5: Māori rate and net interest rate of a company
In 2022, corporate sales/management/research and development/financial costs were 3.55 per cent, compared to 0.74 ptt, mainly due to higher costs for after-sale services and employee remuneration. Management fees and interest income increased. R&D costs were 4.4 per cent, compared to 0.7 pt. Companies continued to issue ctb, dilink.
4.0 (5g), dm-p, etc., are leading technologies to consolidate technological advantages. At the same time, companies are also active in the field of intelligence, working with British Weida and Horizon, and are expected to continue to do so in the future.
Automobile operations have grown at a high rate of revenue growth and increased profitability. Corporate business turnover has increased. Of this total, automobile operations have achieved business income of $324,691 million, or 188.64 per cent more than the previous year. Corporate size effects have combined vertical supply chain advantages, increasing profitability on a continuous basis, and in 2022, the Māori rate of automobiles was 20.39 per cent, or +3.69 pt.
There has been a rapid increase in the sale of energy vehicles, with a total of 1.57 million new energy vehicles in 2022, an increase of 212.8 per cent in the same year; of these, a total of 6,834,000 vehicles were sold in 22q4, an increase of 146.4 per cent, the company ranked first in the annual domestic sales of new energy vehicles, with the city accounting for 28.4 per cent, and continued to show its leading position in the country. The mobile phone business generated an operating income of 98,815 million yuan, an increase of the same amount.
This is 14.3 per cent long and shows a strong growth trend: in recent years, the company's Māori sub-business ratio has been rich in the product matrix, with a significant increase in sales in 2022. The corporate product matrix has gradually improved and there has been a strong growth in overseas expansion.
In the first half of the year, the company introduced new high-end mpv-d9, seals, etc., and in the second half, high-end brands looked up, moving towards high-end. In response to short-term price wars, the company was able to maintain its competitiveness in the medium and long term, with 23q1 releasing new products such as the Qin plusm-i championship, the Hanev championship, and the Dondm-i championship.
The Department will accelerate its expansion in Europe, Asia and the Pacific, and the Americas in 23 years, and overseas markets are expected to contribute another increase. In 2022, the mother ' s net profit was 8895.7 dollars, compared with 116.22%.
Now, there is a significant increase in the profitability of bicycles. Figure 13: Companies ' income from bicycles (millions of dollars) and speed of increase. Figure 14: Companies ' net profits from bicycles returned to their mothers (thousand dollars) and speed of increase.
In 2008, Biadi published the first auto-initiated multimedia ms8 on the F6 model. The cloud service was launched after that.
The system, the remote-controlled driving system, provides a good basis for the official release of the dilink 1.0 system in 2018. Currently, the dilink system has been updated to the dilink4.0(5g) version over several years.
Autopilots are self-researched, and advanced autopilot models are expected to be marketed quickly. Biadipilot's smart driving support package contains two modules, a didas smart assistive technique and a detrainer instructor mode. Didas smart assistive technologies can complete the driveway maintenance, blind area images, automatic parking, self-adas adaptation to cruises, etc.
Automatic driving, holding hands like the British Wedda Horizon, and so on, accelerates the pace of research and development. In addition, companies are actively cooperating with the outside world to accelerate the pace of research and development of high-level autopilot technology. In 2021, Biadei and the leading autopilot company, Momenta, formed the Shenzhen City Dixie Technology Company to promote high-level driving programmes. In 2022, Biadei and Biandi joined the 100th line.
The company’s smart driving layout is gradually bridging its short slate in the field of intelligence, and it is expected to continuously improve the competitiveness of its products in the future.
In view of the increased competition in the domestic automobile market, we're working on a profit forecast. We're predicting that the company's listing process for high-end branded cars in 2023-2025 will fall short of expectations; that sales of new models will fall short of expectations; and that there will be higher prices for upstream raw materials, among other things.
Full coverage, focusing on opportunities in the Tesla industrial chain, smart cars, and autonomous brands. Master's degree.
Tsao Jie, Assistant Research Assistant in the Sindha Securities Automobile Industry, Master of Economics, Bachelor of Arts in Engineering, Beijing University of Technology, mainly covering smart cars, car connections, new power in car construction, etc. Ding Ji, Master of Finance, University of Melbourne, covering such areas as smart cabins, electric motorization, car preparation, etc.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.