Biyabyd (002594ch) full of new high-end brands looking up to the formal appearance of the "Fighty" black technology destabilizing the million-grade new energy car market
Barneyyao oscarwang, hot speed review flashanalysis.
On January 5th, Biadi's Star Trending Brand and Technology Release was officially launched, with a first-line location of a million-grade hard-suv "u8" and a million-square-level pure electric power overrun of the "u9" super-drive. At the launch, Biadi also officially launched a 100% stand-alone, self-researched technology platform, the "u9" model.
The platform, using pure electricity, hybrids, cross-country, super-runs, etc., with a four-dimensional independent drive, will comprehensively re-engineer the auto-power architecture, with the first four power-driven technologies in the country being produced in Asia, which will create an auto-extreme safety technology system. The four-power stand-alone vector control technology is a four-power-driven power system with a four-power independent core, fully reconstructed new energy vehicles from perception, decision-making, and implementation of three dimensions.
Power systems, "quad" can provide greater security to users through a more perceptive electric power system, an independent millisecond-class adjustment of the four-wheel-end dynamics of the vehicle, and redundancy, such as a steady and controlled stop-over from power-driven causes through compensatory intervention in vehicle body postures following a single-wheel explosion. A vehicle type with "quadrant" technology will provide the core of the system with a capability of protection at the level of ip68, with a four-wheel independent vector-control capability.
It can even provide an emergency water escape capability, breaking the imagination of the power-driven applications of conventional fuel cars. With the unique, positive and negative torque-out capability of four power-driven technologies, “quadable” technologies can turn around in a flexible and flexible direction of high-associated investment paths, with a 100-km stop-and-go, less than 12 m agile shift below 40m, and a large suv with a no-lost ao-class car.
With a speed of up to 20,500 rpm, more than 1,100 full loads of horsepower can be adapted to the needs of the street, off-road, track, and so on. The "quartet" has further enriched Biadi’s “one-for-one” security system, giving up-looking brands the hard power to hit high-end markets with core technological advantages.
u8 and u9 are synchronized with subversive "quadrant" technologies. Quadrant u8 located as a million-grade hard-to-reach energy is the model of the Byadi brand, with a vehicle length of more than 5 metres, a vehicle width of more than 2 metres, incorporating future and technological sense into the whole car design, using a family-style "time and space" design that looks up to the brand, with a plentiful face and a saturated body. Under the technology, you look at Quadrant and a hard-to-field character.
And technological intelligence, an extraordinary four-power technology challenge to the outdoor field scene, and a great sense of technology that brings modern civilization to the field. Looking at u9 is a million-degree pure electric excess, zero hundred accelerations to two seconds, full-loaded quadrant power systems, design the same design language as the "doors of time and space," and the whole look of the car adds a sense of a future electric hyperdrive based on the classic super-drive design elements.
The most stringent security standards for technology challenges have built u9-high-security body structures around the pains of running safety and comfort, providing a completely new driving experience of a “street race.” From 2nd of the month, Biadi’s shares have applied to register several “look up” series of trademarks, including “Look up at starlight,” “Look up at stars, look up at stars,” “Look up at stars, look up at stars,” etc.
The brand will also establish self-employment channels, starting in January of this year, in cities such as Shenzhen, Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Hangzhou and Chengdu, to ensure that users have access to open and transparent services and consistent communication at any endpoint, and to look to brands will focus on delivering realizable and sustainable services to users, eliminating brand and user barriers, listening more to the most genuine feedback from users, making users participants in the co-creation of brand values and becoming high-profile Chinese.
The risk of a shortage of chips and spare parts, the risk of an increase in the price of raw materials such as power batteries, and the expectation that brand sales will fall short of expectations.
Looking up at u9 with an ip68 level of waterproofing and emergency water relief capability.
Looking at the car's "flexible" performance, extreme security, allowing the performance to go beyond the limit.
The maximum speed of the motor * the maximum power of the entire vehicle * the power of the quadrant platform total power-driven system
Looking at the depth of the car, the sense of integration is easy to compare with the traditional abs driven by the Haitong International.
Onjanuary5, byd "darretocrossesterariver"brandandtechnologyconferencewasofficiolyheld, officiallylaunching the first mellion-yuan-classhard-cores-countrysuv" u8"andthemillion-yuan-clasporercicperformaumentorconcar" u9" at theofference, bydalsolsolsolsociolylaunchedthe 100% indexresearcheddevelopmentofthe4technologplatform"
I don't know if it's true, but it's true that it's not true, it's possible to do it, isapplicabletopurelectricandybridvehicles, coveringoff-roadandsupercarmodels, with our-motoindindendreves thecore, whichhascomphensively non-voluntationed knowledgeofthecarandwillbeequippedtheholesofofofofthemodesoftheyangwangwangbrand.
We're not going to be able to do this, but we're not going to be able to do it.
It's not like I'm going to have to do this, but I'm not going to do it.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Roads, adachievea 100 kbrakkingdistanceoflessansthan 40mandagilesteeringoflessoflesthan 12mwhillethesteeringandbrakes arenotworking, soothatevelargesuvsavvetheagilityofao-crascars.thelargesuvhasthealityofalalao-crascar.in termsofperformance, wimaximspeedof20 500rpmandover1,100horsepower, thevehiclecanadaptotheperformance
"Four-in-one" safetsystemandgives thebrand thehardpowertoimpactthehigh-endmarketwithitscoretechnologyadvantage.
Up.thewomass-productionmodelsofbyd'syangwangaubrand, u8andu9,wereunveiledsimultably, bothequipped with thedisruptive'e4"technologyasstandard.positionasamillision-yuan-classnewenergyhard-coreoff-road, the meters, introspecting futuristicandtechnologicsensenseothersignofthewholefile, adoptingthefamily-style"gateoftime
And space "designoftheyangwangaubrand, with everyluxuriousshapeandstrongandstrongofllvolume. Withthetechnicalsupport of "e4, the8thothhard-coreoff-roadperformandtechnologicalintelligence.theultimatefour-motortechnologychallengentheritateoutdooroff-roadscanario, and theoutstandtechnoringsmordencibilizetositeworlddoordours.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
"street-readyandrace-ready" by havingappliedforforceeveral"yangwangauto"seriestrademmarksandardestablishedself-operatedchannels,
Tomakeersbeethevalueco-creatorsofthebrand. accordingtodataofianyancha, bydhasappliedforregistration ofseveral'yangwangauto's seriestrademarkssindédence2,2022, including"yangwangstarryight"yangwangstarryry"yangwangwangstartar"yangwangintertelellar", etc. thebrandwillallsoestabliststownchannels, andfrromjanuary2023, itwillem
If you want to do this, you will be able to use it as a tool, and you will be able to use it as a tool, so you can use it as a tool, so you can use it as a tool, so you can use it as a tool.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.