Biadebyd (002594ch) maintained its high performance throughout the year, with a full-blown sword in both domestic and foreign markets pointing to global sales crowns.
The view focus on investmentfocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forenglichsummary) has continued to grow year-round performance and profitability.
It was reported that in 2022, 42,461 million yuan was collected, representing an increase of 96.2 per cent over the same period, resulting in a net gain of 16,622 million yuan for the mother, representing an increase of 44,559 per cent over the same year; the non-net profit of 15,644 million yuan was deducted, representing an increase of 11,464 per cent over the same period; and the q4 quarter generated $156,373 million over the same period.
High; minus Biadi's net electronic gain, we've measured a net gain of about $10,000 over Yadi's 4q22 vehicle, which is the highest in history. Biadi's new energy vehicle sales have remained strong, with 27% of the car market in 2022, nearly 10% more than in the same year, ranking China's car sales.
On the domestic market, the two-wheel drive of the Dynasty + Sea series ensures a domestic sales lead; after the rebirth of the branded Niezheng, the number of orders has risen significantly, and the price of the steady state is 20,000 per month; looking at the brand sword is the million-high-end new energy blue sea, the first one is hard.
On the global market layout, Biadei launched a new energy drive out of the sea in May 2021, fully entered Europe, Asia and the Pacific, America, etc., in 2022, and built the first overseas full-timer in Thailand last September.
We believe that this year's company's journey to the sea has accelerated further, and that both domestic and foreign markets are expected to champion the global crown. The annual cost rate is 9.93%, compared to -0.05 pcts. The sales and management cost rate is 9.05 pcts.
At the same time, the costs are effectively controlled. Companies increase their R & D investments in core technical areas such as blade batteries, ctb technology, the Cube storage system, dm-i/p mix, and easy-to-qile technology, with over 39,000 patents, over 27,000 patents authorized and nearly 70,000 R & D.
Deepening British-Weeder cooperation, adding code to the central computing platform to push for intelligent catch-up. On March 21, at the same time, the company announced that it would deepen its collaboration and that the next generation of the Biadi would ride with the British-Weed Driveorin high-performance squadrons of the Royal Dynasty and the Ocean Series.
Computation platform, equipped with 254 tops high-calculation chips. Yvette announces that N7 will be the first to carry a mass-car model and laser radar with Yveida orrin, expected to be marketed at 2q23. In January this year, Biadi announced that he would work with Yvesta and Nvidia.
The geforcenow cloud service has been introduced to its cabin to enhance the experience of the smart pod. We believe that Biadey's recent years of intense strategic investment/cooperation with domestic and foreign smart companies, including British Weida, Horizon, Momenta, Quick Start, and so on, symbolizes that the company is doing well.
The determination to be smart in the second half of the speed layout, and its strong confidence that the high performance central computing platform plays a digital base role in cars that do not come, we maintain a long-term perspective on the prospects for continued corporate intellectual change and, ultimately, for a turn-over.
Barneyyao oscarwang