Baoshaniron & Steel (600019ch) First coverage: reorganization continues, concentration, bargaining and profitability continues to increase the concentration, bargaining and profitability of the continuing processboardsConcentratorio, bargainingpoweandprofitability: initiation
In February 2000, the view focused on investmentfocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forenglichsummary) was created by the Shanghai Treasure Steel Corporation.
The Shanghai Stock Exchange is one of the oldest companies in the country. The stockholdings are the leading modern steel conglomerates in the world. They are now the second-highest steel producer in the world.
The four main production bases are used for the manufacture of iron and steel products, which include steel products such as cold, heat, and electric steel, and for the production of support services such as distribution, with non-relevant branches such as the Treasure Software.
In December 2023, companies and resources in the iron and steel sector announced the acquisition of high-quality asset mountain steel, which is about 48.61% of the day ' s stake, and the concentration and bargaining power of the industry has been raised again. The steel industry has a more random supply of upstream raw materials and a more stable downstream demand.
In terms of shares, almost all of the most important high-grade iron ore from its raw materials come from Australia and Brazil, both of which provide over 94% of its stock of boar ore ore; the current situation of feedstock monopolies has led to a more random cost of boar ore ore ore. On the demand side, the demand side, the Chinese house, is the source of the high-grade iron ore.
While real estate market demand has declined, there is a higher likelihood of future rehabilitation; similarly, as China ' s national economy develops, consumer demand for products such as domestic electricity and automobiles increases, and the impact in both directions creates a stable demand for the steel industry.
There is less pressure on the policy, and policies to stabilize the industry are being put in place. As a leader in the steel industry, companies need to respond positively to China's national policy. China's “double carbon” policy and the shift of the steel industry have put some pressure on the steel stock to spend on capital over the last two years.
The benefits are also positive when equity shares are reduced as a result of policy adjustments, and capital expenditures are returned to normal levels. The introduction of policies to stabilize the steel industry has also led to a positive outcome.
Economic growth is volatile; new operations are less than expected.