Summary of events: on 30 October, the company issued its third quarterly report for 2023, with the first three quarters of operations \triangleright
In the third quarter, the company achieved business income of $31,275 million (repeated), representing an increase of 3.9 per cent in the same year; in the case of new crews, the increase in production contributed by 23.8 per cent in the electricity ring ratio; in the case of water, the increase in the benefits was 4,151 million kWh of hydroelectric power generation in the third quarter alone, representing an increase of 21.0 per cent in the same year; and in the case of q3, the average cost of electricity on the Internet was calculated at approximately 0.503 yuan/.
At 1.12 a.m. per kilowatt hours, a decrease of 2.2 per cent compared to the same period in the previous year; at reduced prices for power generation operations, i.e., the increase in the seasonal harvests or mainly from the heating plate. At the cost end, the company announces the unit price of coal in the stove in January-August.
The price of coal in the stove was about 980 per ton, a 16.5 per cent decrease over the same period, assuming that the unit price of coal in the stove in September was equal to the average value of Zhao's research assistant, which averaged between 7 and 8 months, and the average cost of coal in the q3 stove was about 980 per ton, compared to the average rate of coal in the 1h23
Prices have fallen further by about $113 per ton, and companies have continued to improve their coal-fired profitability. New energy sources have dragged down the price of coal into investment gains: corporate investment returns are mainly generated from new equity and coal mining enterprises, taking into account the fact that q3 national wind-use hours have fallen in equal proportion to the current price of coal in the port of Qin Royal Island.
1. China Electric International (600027.sh) & China Electric International shares have declined, and corporate investment returns have fallen in a single quarter. q3 companies have realized a net return on investment of $852 million, a decrease in the same year (1071.hk) semi-annual assessment in 2023: below the coal price trend
2. Power International (600027.sh)/WETII Investment Proposal: q3 \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright, while electricity has fallen due to base disturbance
Initial coverage report (1071.hk): Neo-genesis, continuous improvement in block performance; seasonal drops in investment returns that do not affect equity participation in the fast-paced development outcomes of HNE
\triangleright 3) Competition in the electricity market lowers the price of electricity on the Internet; 4) supply restructuring suppresses the power of the machine; methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.