The profits have continued to improve, the net profits of q3 have increased significantly, the operating income has increased steadily, and the net profits of q3 have increased significantly over the same period. In the first three quarters of 2023, the company achieved a revenue of 90.725 billion yuan (+13.90 per cent) and a net profit of $4.499 billion (+9249 per cent) and a deduction.
Billion yuan (+215.82%). The significant increase in net corporate profits in the third quarter was mainly due to a combination of lower coal prices and incremental benefits from the new generation of aircraft.
The main reason for the increase in grid power is the combination of the increase in electricity consumption throughout the society and the company's new production units.
In August 2023, the company announced its intention to sign the Framework Agreement on the Purchase (Supply) of Fuels, Equipment and Services with China Telecommunications, to renew the original framework agreement on the purchase (supply) of fuel, equipment and services, and to raise the original annual ceiling for fuel purchases under the agreement from $14 billion to $18 billion,
A framework agreement for the purchase (supply) of fuel, equipment and services, with the advance of electricity market-based reforms, has helped to stabilize the profits from fire and electricity. In July 2023, the second meeting of the Central Commission for Further Reform was convened to consider accelerating the construction of a new electricity system through the " On Deepening Electricity Reform " .
Documents such as the Guidance, which means that a new cycle of electricity is initiated, mainly in the direction of new power systems. As the construction of new power systems progresses, the power from the main power source to flexible support sources, the income from support services, capacity prices, etc., increases, and the profits from the electricity from the fire are expected to stabilize.
China Electric International (600027.sh) - Business performance continues to improve and profitability is expected to improve further
Business income has risen steadily, and the net return to the mother has increased significantly over the same period. In the first three quarters of 2023, the company achieved a revenue of 90.725 billion yuan (+13.90 per cent), a net profit to the mother of 4,499 million yuan (+92.49 per cent), and a significant increase in net profits to the company in the third quarter was mainly due to a combination of reduced coal prices and incremental benefits from the newcomer fleet.
The main reason for this is the increase in electricity consumption across the community and the combination of the group’s newcomers. The increase in the Māori rate and the decrease in the cost rate, and the rise in the net interest rate.
Decline. During the same period, net corporate interest rates increased over the same period as 2022, as a result of the increase in the Māori rate and the decline in the cost rate level. Figure 5: Māori rates and changes in net interest rates in HFA
In the three quarters of 2023, after benefiting from higher net interest rates, the public sector rose by 5.64 pct to 9.83% over the same period in 2022. In the cash flow, the net operating cash flow was $11.549 billion in the three quarters of 2023, an increase of 22.53% over the same period, mainly due to an increase in electricity generation.
In August 2023, the company announced its intention to sign with China Electric on the purchase (supply) of fuel, equipment, and services.
The Framework Agreement on Services, which renews the original framework agreement on the purchase (supply) of fuel, equipment and services, and adjusts the original annual cap on fuel procurement under the agreement from $14 billion to $18 billion, is valid for the framework agreement on materials, equipment and services.
In July 2023, the second meeting of the Central Commission for the Further Reform of Electricity was convened to consider the adoption of such documents as the Guidance for Deepening the Restructuring of the Electricity System to Accelerate the Construction of a New Power System, which means that a new turn of power has been launched, with the main direction being to build a new power system.
The construction of electric power systems has advanced, the power from the main power source has gradually been transformed into flexible support for the power source, the income from support services, capacitors, etc., has increased, and the profits from the electricity from the fire are expected to stabilize. The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, with reasonable judgment and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author