With steady growth in performance throughout the year, communications operations are expected - China Light and Light Power (002179), 2019 Quick Report. On 28 February, the company released its 2019 Quick Report, which achieved operating income of $9.159 billion, an increase of 17.18 per cent over the same period;
The net return to the mother was 1,071 million yuan, an increase of 12.56 per cent over the year. Throughout 2019, the company achieved operating income of $9,159 million, an increase of 17.18 per cent over the year; the net return to the mother was $1,071 million, an increase of 12.56 per cent over the same period.
Participation in the construction of the client ' s 5g global platform, with sales revenue growing faster. The profit rate is lower than the income growth rate, due to the company ' s increased core products and core capacity-building, with R & D investment increasing by 38.48% over the same period. q4 achieved 2,267 million won in the first quarter, an increase of 11.07% over the same period.
\triangleright is the leader of the military-industrial interface, which involves almost all aviation, space, electronics, ships and weapons downstream.
During the reporting period, the company successfully launched the first sea launch of the 11th “One Arrow Seven Star.” In the future, it is expected that the company’s military operations will continue to grow steadily, benefiting from the increasing costs of the defence forces, the effect of the restructuring on the elimination of the 13th plus the “pre-several” industry.
>5g is building fast, and communications are expected to grow. The main clients of the company's communications business include Hwa, Naking, and Samsung.
Experts predict that investment in construction in 5g in the country will amount to 70.5 billion yuan, an increase of 56.7 per cent over 4g, and that the company has been fully involved in the preparatory project with the mainstream communications equipment provider 5g. With the recent conference between the Ministry of Industry and Communications and the Central Political Office on the construction of Quick 5g, there is considerable scope for the future development of the company ' s communications business.
\triangleright is the country's first connector to new energy cars, with downstream clients including Jianghuai, Biadei, Woo-Tung.
According to the State Council’s Medium- and Long-Term Development Plan for the Car Industry, by 2020, the annual production of new-energy vehicles will reach 2 million vehicles, and a new profit growth point is expected to be provided by the business.
3. Midship Photovoltaics (002179).
Growth is expected, with military connector leaders 1 and orders for military goods below expectations; 2 and new energy vehicles not sold as expected; 3 and slow expansion of overseas operations Summary of corporate financial statement data projections
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.