Defense and communications operations are growing rapidly, and research and development has led to the launch of the 2019 annual report by China Light Power (002179.sz), which generated $9.159 million, an increase of 17.18 per cent.
(i) Rapid growth in defence communications operations and high innovation in research and development inputs
12.56 per cent of the revenues are growing faster and profits are growing slightly less than expected because: Defence and communications operations ensure faster growth in corporate revenues: in the market environment, modernization in the area of defence is accelerating, markets are expanding and companies are expanding.
On the other hand, the global 5g is entering a critical phase, with companies participating fully in the communications area.
Increases in R & D and financial costs have a greater impact on current profits: in 2019, companies focused on re-autonomous product R & D and process capacity upgrading, leading to a significant increase in R & D costs by 38.55 per cent over the year, and an increase in R & D costs to an all-time high of 10.04 per cent.
During the same period of the year, the company benefited from the impact of exchange rate fluctuations in the United States dollar, while at the same time paying interest on debt-transferable debt in 2019, resulting in an increase in financial costs of 12351.14 per cent on a year-on-year basis, both of which affected profits for the current period and resulted in a loss of profits.
In our view, the company is competitive in military goods, expands its civilian business, is more profitable, is more sustainable, and its performance continues to grow rapidly. (ii) Military procurement is expected to increase faster, and the defence plate is expected to grow faster.
With regard to military goods, the company, as the leader of the Chinese military connector, has a wide range of applications in the fields of dry aerospace and military, communications networks and data centres. In 2019, the company successfully completed its mission to secure military parades for the 70th anniversary of the founding of the nation and successfully contributed to the 10th March.
Many countries, such as the high-speed magnetic suspended train, have launched their first ships, which have been instrumental in the development of pilot flights for large-scale aircraft. Many of these technologies have created autonomous intellectual property rights, high industrial barriers, and high product competitiveness.
In addition, the company ' s new technology industry base project has completed major engineering work that will effectively expand the production capacity of large connector products, laying the groundwork for a steady and sustained growth in military operations. 2020 is a crucial year for the resonance of the military-industrial cycle.
V. The effect of replacing orders with orders is gradually becoming apparent; in the medium and long term, as the military is mechanized and information is rapidly advancing, military procurement is expected to enter the concentrated acceleration, particularly the demand for military connectors is expected to increase significantly, and corporate defense is expected to increase.
The plates will continue to grow faster. (iii) The two-wing layout of “Communications + New Energy Motors” opens the space for companies to grow, communications, new energy vehicles, defense are the three downstream industries with the strongest certainty of growth in the country.
Smaller and more closed; so the company targets its vision in two major areas: large market space, more open-sector communications, and new energy cars. We are building on a massive scale, and new energy vehicles are still growing at a rapid pace, requiring connections between these two areas.
The company is fully involved in the customer 5g Global Platform project, where high-speed backboard connector products break international monopolies and are used in bulk for customers' global platforms. We believe that, with the combined effects of US-China trade tensions and the accelerated commercialization of 5g, the demand for connectors will be released and corporate communications will meet.
In the area of new energy vehicles, the company, an early advancer in the area of new energy car connectors, can provide a comprehensive solution in the area of new energy vehicles high voltage, interconnection and recharge systems, with major clients such as Chiré, Jianghua, North Gas, Biadei, China-China and Woo-Tung, our major new energy car manufacturers; and, in the meantime, a strong focus on international first-class automobile companies and successful access to international first-rate cars.
The battery charger, the liquid cold product, entered into the top international customer supply chain, and, according to the air news network’s report, the company’s inter-board connector product was equipped with a dry model3 vehicle charger. The company will benefit in the future from the dividends of the rapid growth of the new energy automobile industry, both domestically and internationally.
(iv) Launch of the second equity incentive scheme, which fully motivates the core workforce, followed in November 2019 by the second equity incentive scheme launched by the company after the first equity incentive in 2016, to award 31,493.4 million shares, or 2.94 per cent of the total equity, to 1,182 persons receiving the incentive, which is covered by the second incentive plan as compared to the first phase
Broader and stronger incentives. We believe that companies, through equity incentives, fully motivate their senior managers to work with their cadres, effectively combine shareholder interests, corporate interests and the individual interests of the operator, raise the level of corporate economic management, hopefully unleash development potential and promote a smooth and rapid upturn in corporate business performance.
The advantages of corporate valuations are less evident when compared to comparable companies in the industry, but as a leading company in the connector industry, the core asset attributes highlight the promise that the strong will continue to evolve. Moreover, the company’s military presence is strong, the civil market is dynamic, performance is sustainable, and the “recommended” rating is maintained.