On March 31, 2020, the company issued its annual report for 2019, which generated operating income of $9,159 million, an increase of 17.18 per cent over the previous year;
Realising a net return profit of 1,071 million yuan, an increase of 12.56 per cent over the previous year.
Throughout 2019, the company achieved operating income of $9,159 million, an increase of 17.18 per cent over the same year; net return to mothers of $1,071 million, an increase of 12.56 per cent over the same year. The area of corporate defence was closely aligned with model project development, the area of communications was fully involved in the construction of the client ' s 5g global platform, and sales revenues were growing faster.
The growth in R & D inputs was 38.55 per cent over the same period. Net operating cash flows increased by 3529.59 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of supply chain finance, which was introduced through multiple channels and modes of payment.
\triangleright is the leader of the military-industrial interface, which involves almost all aviation, space, electronics, ships and weapons downstream.
In the field of military engineering, the connectionr operation generated $7,072 million, an increase of 17.85 per cent over the same period, mainly in military goods. During the reporting period, the company ' s products successfully completed the security mission for the 70th anniversary of the founding of the nation and successfully contributed to the launch of the first maritime launch of the Long March 11, "One Arrow Seven Star".
The company's military operations are expected to continue to grow steadily, with the addition of the 13.5 “pre- and post-combine” industry pattern. 5g construction is moving fast, and communications is expected to grow. \triangleright
In the reporting period, the company's speed backboard connector products broke international monopolies and were used in bulk for the customer's global platform. In addition, the light module business generated $1.723 billion, an increase of 15.42%. The three operators are now accelerating their deployment at 5g, and are expected to do so by 2020.
Full participation in the preparatory project of the mainstream communications equipment provider 5g, with the recent convening of a conference between the Ministry of Technology and Communications and the Central Political Office on accelerating the construction of the 5g, the scope for the future development of the company’s communications business is enormous.
The company is the country’s first connector for new energy vehicles, and downstream customers include Jianghuai, Biadi, Woo-Tung 1. The summary report of China’s PV (002179), which is a well-known company throughout the year and involves commercial vehicles and cars above a0 level.
The medium- and long-term development plan for the car industry will produce 2 million new vehicles per year by 2020, with 5 million in stock and 40% more than in the next three years. With the rapid growth of the new energy automobile industry, companies will be able to regenerate.
The source automobile business is expected to provide a new profit growth point. The engine is expected to make a sustained breakthrough, a steady year-round growth rate, a high growth rate in major industries, and an emerging field of development.
Military orders are not as expected;2 new energy vehicles are not sold as expected;3 corporate financial statement data projections are slow to expand overseas; M.A. in Finance, joined the Institute of Human Security in 2015.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.