Proactive marketing drives the steady and high growth of corporate performance as a result of a sustained roll-out of core products at a price-higher logical pace on August 26, 2018.
The net profits of company shareholders increased by 42.55 per cent over the year, and the deductions from the shareholdings of listed companies were non-recurrent: rising prices drove the company’s performance to continue to grow at a high level, and there was still much room for higher prices and volume in the future.
Sales growth is driven by the fact that we were able to predetermine the expansion of sales at double-price entry. In addition to price adjustments in response to rising consumption, companies have made marketing changes to strengthen the expansion of markets and distribution channels through such things as a small-scale experience shop, distributors, etc.
The terminal price of the company's bulletin board rose from $500 to $530, and in July it increased the foreign export price by $3. We estimate that the price of the plant rose by 6-7%.
Prices have not been adjusted again since then, but we believe that the price increases in this round can be sustained and are expected to raise prices again, thus raising Māori levels while driving performance growth.
Quantities continue with a double-up cycle of one quarter, with a 44% increase in performance, in line with expectations.
The logic of the promotion confirms that performance growth in 2017 H1 achieved 37.14 per cent income growth in 2018 and net profit growth in the mother-to-child series continued to grow at a high rate, driving the rapid release of company performance.
In recent years, companies have been expanding their sales of core products by increasing their marketing capacity. In the company’s statement, the parent company’s income is mainly from a series of products. In 2018, the parent company’s statement achieved sales revenue.
On the 27th of July, the company announced that the terminal price of the film would be increased from $500 to $530, and that it would raise the foreign export price by $3. We estimated that the price of the plant would rise by 6-7%.
At the same time, the company has continued to increase its academic outreach, insisting on modern science and evidence to explain the unique effects of the film, and to be accurate in promoting and acquiring new customers. In terms of regional expansion, it has expanded significantly.
Kyozu Wings, Long Triangles, Lakes, etc., have good economic performance, a market that is aware of traditional Chinese medicine, and promotes the spread of Chinese from south to north, east to west, and improves coverage throughout the country. We believe that the company’s production is strong, its marketing capacity is constantly improving, and its prices and volumes are still rising.
The company’s subsidiaries, such as Xiamen and Cosmetics, performed well, providing a new growth engine for the company. In 2018 h1, the company’s subsidiary, Xiamen and Xiamen and Xiaoyan (combined) achieved a revenues of $1,024 million, a 37.45% increase in the same year, and significant income and profit growth, which became another important point of growth for the company.
H1 achieved business income of $134 million, a 50 per cent increase in the same year, total profits of $16.5 million, an increase of 22.31 per cent in the same year; The pharmaceutical company earned business income of $233 million, an increase of 45.73 per cent in the same year, total profits of $4.66 million, an increase of 65.84 per cent in the same year.
Māori rates and net interest rates have continued to rise, and there is room for a double price rise, driven mainly by a combination of higher sales and price increases for high Māori-rate products. At the same time, the increase in Māori rates for corporate day-to-day products has also increased the overall Māori level of the company.
The net profit rate has continued to rise, with sales and management costs for companies growing by 31.81 per cent over the reporting period of $221 million and $133 million respectively.
There is much room for future price increases and increases in the number of clients, given the Chinese medicine industry’s position in the country’s secret species, the clear therapeutic effects, and the rising trend of “volume prices”. We believe that corporate growth patterns are likely to resume.
The successful path to the production of the Mautai has become one of China's banners in the field of Chinese medicine health care, and thus the maintenance of the company's “buy-in” films has been below expectations; market promotion has been below expectations; and the supply of medicinal materials and the risk of price fluctuations in raw materials are below expectations.