The net profit of shareholders increased by 42.55 per cent over the same period; the net profit of shareholders belonging to listed companies increased by 45.15 per cent over the same period by $6,287.2 million; net cash flows from operating activities decreased by 114.12 per cent over the same period.
In 2018, the company achieved operating income of 1,182 million yuan in the first quarter of q2, an increase of 32.40 per cent over the same period. The net profit attributable to the shareholders of the listed company was $291 million, an increase of 40.90 per cent over the same period. The net profit earned by the shareholders of the listed company was $281 million, an increase of 46.08 per cent over the same period.
In the pharmaceutical industry: revenues of $1,036 million, an increase of 40.79 per cent in the same year, and the Māori rate of 80.82 per cent, a decrease of 1.26 pp. The rapid growth in liver and urchin products is mainly due to the increase in the prices of a series of drugs.
Retail prices ranged from $500 to $530, and factory prices rose by about 8.8%. In June, export prices rose from $45 to $48, a 6.67% increase. At the same time as the price increases, the sale of the Xiaoyu continued to grow at a rapid rate, with the sale of 2018h1, with a 35% increase in the sale of a series of drugs.
In 2017, $210,000/kg rose to $310,000/kg in 2018 (the Conmi-China Drug Network data), an increase of 47.62 per cent; with the exception of liver urinary medicine, the income from colds, respiratorys, cardiovasculars, gynaecology and obstetrics, osteoporology, anal intestine, dermatology, diabetes and other fields declined to a similar extent, with a combined income of $36.582 million, a decline of 28.95 per cent compared to the corresponding figure, mainly due to a decrease in the Maori rate.
The rapid growth in the company’s pharmaceutical business is due mainly to the active expansion of the company’s business after the introduction of a double vote system, using the strong background of the parent company. The combined income of the company’s business was 1,024 million yuan, an increase of 37.45 per cent.
The net profit was 3.9541 million yuan (3.873 million yuan for the same period last year). The operating income of the Pharmacy Company in the Xiangzhou region was 233 million yuan, an increase of 45.73 per cent compared to the financial and intellectual boom in the East, and a total profit of 4.66 million yuan, an increase of 65.84 per cent.
The main reason for this is the rapid growth in the cosmetics subsidiary’s dailyization, cosmetics business, and titanium-based toothpaste operations in Shanghai. The cosmetics company (consolidated) generated $136 million in operating income, an increase of 48.31%, and net profits of $105,496,000, an increase of 25.75%.
At the same time last year, the company relied on strong brand power and managerial capacity, with no excessive costs and management of new medicines. Stock turnover was significantly more efficient.
Cash flow: The net increase of $1,496 million at the end of the company ' s cash flow -- $106 million -- is due mainly to the fact that the company ' s management believes it has the capacity and intent to hold an increase in term deposits up to maturity, which is not shown on the cash flow statement as cash and cash equivalents, leading to high growth and continued improvement in profitability at the end of the business activity.
The expectation of annual price increases is strong, and product increases are expected to further increase the profitability of the company. Now that consumption increases, especially in the area of medical health, are accelerating, as Chinese consumer goods, the scarce resources of Chinese medicine, health products, consumer goods, and even collections of one-size-fits-all, will benefit significantly from the external enabling environment, the first brand of liver and urchin medicine, a leading business in Chinese consumer goods.
The end-building has continued to add bricks: since 2015, the company ' s Psychiatry has worked well and has become a multi-purpose complex of cultural communication, brand promotion, product marketing and end-use (non-pharmaceutical) experience. In the first half of 18 years, the number of Psychiatrics in the country has increased.
With a mature construction model and a steady increase in profitability, it is expected that more high-quality distributors will work with companies to build new study houses in the next two years. In 2020, the company is expected to build 200-250 study houses, creating a nationwide high-end marketing network with broad coverage and a precise location of priority areas.
The solar plate is expected to be thin: the solar plate is an important wing of the company's “one nuclear two-wing” strategy, with a much smaller volume than the drug plate, but after years of cultivation, the earnings and profits of cosmetics subsidiaries have entered a virtuous phase of growth, the toothpaste industry in cooperation with Shanghai's domesticization.
The solar plate is a business block of priority for the company, with an increase in sales promotion, advertising and marketing fees of $30,877,000, a cosmetics company of $13,781.01 million, a Shanghai housekeeping company of $11,476,000, an e-commerce company of $9,728.86 million, reflecting the importance that the company attaches to the solar block.
The Division is a leader in Chinese medicine and consumer goods, with a clear competitive edge and a strong moat. With the company's leadership finding the right direction, sales end-building, such as the Quantico Expedition Hall, on track, and continuous improvement in marketing capacity, the series is expected to continue to increase in volume and quality, ensuring high income and performance growth.
Based on the high degree of certainty about the rapid growth of corporate performance, we maintain a “strongly recommended” rating.
One of the seven core members of the new wealth team in 2015 and the third core member of the crystal ball in 2015. M.A. Pharmacology, North, Beijing University.
B.A. in Pharmacology, Beijing University, and Kwan Koko, three years old.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.