Xiaochun (600436) pharmaceutical biology is growing rapidly and growing steadily, and the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center (WVRDC) is doing a great job.
Events: The company issued a fast-track performance report, with business income of 2018h1, net profit return, net profit deductions of approximately 2.4 billion yuan, $620 million and $610 million, with a growth rate of about 37 per cent, 43 per cent and 45.5 per cent, respectively. • The performance of the company in the first half of the year continued to grow, with sales expected to remain above 30 per cent.
Taking into account the small swing in the ring scale of the business, which is about 30.3% of the company ' s operating profit rate and an increase of about 1 percentage point in the same year, reference is made to approximately $1.1 billion in the pharmaceutical business income of 2017h2.
In a single quarter, the income of 2018q2 and the net profit from maternity is about $1.18 billion, $290 million, or 32% and 40% of the increase. We believe that the acceleration has slowed, and is related to the seasonal control of the company.
And because of the scarcity of company products, the luxury properties, the rising consumption trends that will benefit us, we continue to see the rapid growth trend, which is clear, keeping in view the rapid growth of the company. 1) The management strategy is clear, changing from business to active marketing.
In China, North China, and throughout the country, the experience shop model and related policies will continue to advance.a
Growth, with a sustained view of the market spreads through the market channels; b. strengthening the profit margin for product end-price management channels, increasing profits after price increases, and easing the policy of experiential shops and distributors to promote product sales; 2) strengthening the logic of price increases with scarcity. There is now increased competition in the country’s natural musk demand.
Materials are scarce. The series has a better acceptance of the consumer end after the last round of price increases, and a clear upward trend in prices is evident, and it is expected to continue to raise prices at the factory and terminal prices. As the price of raw materials, such as cow and yellow, rose sharply in 2017, and the overall Māori rate for hepatitis 2018q1 declined by about 3.5 percentage points, we believe.
Product price increases are still expected to be strong; 3) market expectations are poor. The company ' s products are considered unique, scarce and special in their development stage and deserve high valuation; the musk industry, although supply is tight, is still fragmented within the industry, and its raw material production bottlenecks are weak for the company, owing to the industry ' s number of mussels.
We have a long-standing interest in company scarcity and product price increases. And, as the company grows in marketing, branding will drive a healthy series of sales, income, or a fast-growing, buy-in rating.
The Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.