The growth of overseas sales has recovered and continues to outperform the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
In the first half of 2018, the company earned about 2.4 billion yuan in operating income and 600 million yuan in net profits, which was about 37 per cent and 45 per cent more than in the previous year; in 2018q2 operating income, about 1.18 billion yuan in net profits; and in the recovery of growth in overseas sales, the company continued to outperform expectations. In the first half of 2018, the company earned about 2.4 billion yuan in operating income.
The rate of increase is about 37% in the same year, of which the parent company is about 1.04 billion yuan, or about 41% in the same year. In sub-operations, the pharmaceutical industry earns about 1.04 billion yuan, or 41% in the same year, of which the rate of increase in the use of hepatitis drugs is about 30% or more; the revenue from the sale of products abroad is about 180 million yuan.
The increase of about 100 per cent over the same year, and the increase in offshore sales after price increases, such as the elimination of power suppliers, control companies' Māori rate of about 81 per cent, a decrease of about 1 per cent over the same year, and the cost of raw materials for core products, which are less than the increase in income and are better controlled; 3) the company's poor cash flow in the first half of the year and its commercial size and raw materials.
The increase in the volume of goods is related, and it will improve throughout the year. From a single quarter, the growth in business income of 2018q2, the withholding of non-net profits, the slowdown in the income growth loop, is related to the company’s continued control of the goods, and the acceleration of the increase in the net profit of q2 is related to the increase in the Māori rate.
With the attributes of scarce, luxury goods, it will benefit from the upward trend in consumption and continue to view performance growth throughout the year. Rapid growth trends are evident, with companies growing rapidly continuously. 1) The management strategy is clear, with a change from a business-based approach to active marketing.
In China, North China, and throughout the country, the experience shop model and related policies will continue to advance.a
Growth, with a sustained view of the market spreads through the market channels; b. strengthening the profit margin for product end-price management channels, increasing profits after price increases, and easing the policy of experiential shops and distributors to promote product sales; 2) strengthening the logic of price increases with scarcity. There is now increased competition in the country’s natural musk demand.
Materials are scarce. The series has a better acceptance of the consumer end after the last round of price increases, and a clear upward trend in prices is evident, and it is expected to continue to raise prices at factory and terminal prices. As the price of raw materials, such as cow and yellow, rose significantly in 2017, and the overall Māori rate for hepatitis 2018h1 dropped by about 3.2 percentage points, we believe.
The uniqueness, scarcity and the special nature of the company's products and the stage of their development deserve high valuation; the musk industry, although tense, is still divided within the industry, but its raw material production bottlenecks are weak for the company, owing in particular to the improvement in the number of mussels in the industry, the stock of musk-raising bases and the application for an increased quota.
The logic of product price increases, and as companies grow in marketing, branding will lead to a healthy series of sales, income or rapid growth, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
The Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.