(600436)
Corporate performance meets expectations. Companies achieved operating income of 2404 million yuan in the first half of 2018, an increase of 37.14 per cent in the same year; net profit attributable to parent companies of 618 million was 45.15 per cent longer, corresponding to eps of $1.02.
During the reporting period, the company’s pharmaceutical industry collected $1,037 million, an increase of 40.79 per cent over the same period, representing a rapid increase in total operating income: in the reporting period, overseas sales revenue amounted to $183 million, an increase over the same period.
Mostly affected by the rise in raw materials, such as cow and yellow, based on cost pressures, and not on the possibility of raising prices again in a year. In recent years, companies have continued to increase their sales, promoting them and raising them further, including through the creation of models such as a “scaffolding house”
During the reporting period, the company collected 216 million yuan, or 32.54% more, of its daily supplies and cosmetics.
Realising net profits - $22.45 million. As an important part of the company's “one nuclear wing”, the company's solar plate business is still in its market expansion phase and will become a growing business in the future as the company becomes active in marketing channels and market development.
(a) The company ' s new profit growth point. Cost controls were good during the period. The company ' s sales cost was 9.19 per cent, a decrease of 0.37 pp over the reporting period; the management cost was 5.52 per cent, a decrease of 0.55 pp over the same period;
The reason for the negative net cash flow is that management in the reporting period found it possible to report on the production of Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
The information, opinions, etc., does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and comments in the present report, and should also take into account their respective investment objectives, financial position, and specific needs, with regard to finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc.
You will not accept any of the consequences of using or relying on this report.