Global cast board giants, high-quality growth poles Investment rating: buy-in (first time) from cast board taps to integrated new construction material giants
Founded in 1979, the company ' s predecessor, the New Building Materials Laboratory in Beijing, with the primary products of gypsum and light steel bones, has, over 40 years of development, become an integrated new construction industry group with branding, research and development, production, marketing and services. The size of the company ' s gypsum production capacity
It's the world's number one, with high market visibility for the company's “long card” and the “Taisan” cardboard. Since 2020, the company's strategic objective of “One Wing, Global Layout” has been to launch a new 40-year journey, with the cardboard business as the company's core business.
A comparison of company prices with the depth of 300 light steel bones, powder slurry, cotton tablets, temperature-keeping materials, fibre-cement plates, etc.; in addition, the company fosters two main lines of waterproofing materials and paints for the main operations at the strategic level and initiates new ones.
2021 cash flows were impressive, with a short-term pressure on the Māori rate. In 2021, the company achieved a gross operating income of $21,086 million, an increase of 25.15 per cent over the same period.
It was highlighted that the Māori rate increased by 1.36 pct to 37.26 per cent over the same period; the company's backbone business was dominated by hot-plated zinc belts, with higher and more volatile steel prices in 2021, with a decline of 6.25 pct to 18.43 per cent in the Māori bone business. The company's waterproof business was covered by the main raw materials.
In response to the constant upward pressure on raw materials, the company raised the price of water-resistant products in March 2022, and it is expected that with the successful implementation of the company ' s price increases, the level of Maori in water-resistant operations will be repaired.
By the end of 2021, the size of the production, expansion and contracting capacity of the company ' s gypsum plates had totalled 3,838 million square metres, resulting in a total of 3,358 million square metres, or 68.53 per cent of the country ' s total gypsum capacity.
Up to 488,000 tons, the highest capacity in the world. Corporate cardboard sales in 2021 amounted to 2,378 million square metres, an increase of 18.01 per cent in the same year; in 2021 square metres, the cost of the cardboard was $2.57 per square metre, an increase of 0.12 per square metre in the same year.
The increase was higher than the increase in costs, leading to an increase of between $0.21 and $2.16 in single m2 of cast board. In 2021, the prices of corporate gypsum boards continued to rise smoothly and increased by single m2 of Maori, reflecting the firm’s already strong pricing capacity within the industry.
The company is the world's plasterboard giant, building high-market barriers in the gypsum industry, with a strong pricing capacity. At the same time, the company's “two-wing” waterproof materials and paints are in the hundreds of millions of large markets, the company's growing boundaries are widening, and the second growth curve is clear.
In 2021, industry demand was bleak, raw material costs were running under stress, corporate performance was high, and high-quality growth was explained. Waterproof/painting was not growing as much as expected.
A high-quality, robust growth, and a full-blown tap 1.1. Moving from a cast-plate to an integrated new building material giant, the company's predecessor, the New Building Materials Laboratory in Beijing, was established in 1979. The main product of the camp is cast-plate and light steel.
Dragonbone, a company that was listed in 1997 in a deep-seated firm (Secret: New North Building Materials). After more than 40 years of development, the company has become an integrated new construction industry group with brands, R & D, production, marketing, and services.
Since 2020, the company has embarked on a 40-year journey with the strategic objective of “One Wing, Global Layout” to set up a combination of light steel bones, powder slurry, cotton sheets, warm materials, fibre and cement sheets, while the gypsum business is at the heart of the company's business. In addition, the company fosters the strategic level.
Two main lines of waterproofing materials and paints for the main business start up a new performance growth point. Chart 1 has a strong shareholders and strong support for affiliated companies.
China’s construction materials are the world’s largest producers of cement, blending, gypsum and fibre optics, while China’s construction materials are the world’s largest supplier of cement engineering services, the world’s leading supplier of glass engineering services, and the country’s largest producer of windmills. China’s construction materials are a strong leader, market competitiveness, and risk resistance.
The company is a flagship subsidiary within China’s building materials system and has a prominent position and a certain level of shareholder support in terms of brand names, resources, etc.
1.2 Product layouts are constantly improving, and the gypsum masters have a high level of innovation, and companies are the world's largest cardboard industry group and China's largest new construction industry group, which uses the concept of “green architecture for the future” as an industrial concept, promoting energy-saving and assembly-style buildings, from green raw materials to green life.
The Ministry focuses on the gypsum industry and extends it to system solutions, and innovatively develops the gypsum pulmonary pulverized cotton plate “all-house assembly” indoor system, the gold state board decorative heating and energy-efficient outer walls system, water-proof systems, paint powder.
Chart 3 Company's main product Chart 4 Company's main product characteristics and application areas
Chart 5 shows the main areas of application of the company ' s products: 2021 cardboard operations are characterized by a high level of innovation, and the dominance of the light steel bone industry continues to grow. In 2021, the company ' s cardboard business generated 13.780 billion yuan, an increase of 25.94 per cent over the same period; the bone business earned 2,756 million yuan, the same amount.
By the end of 2021, the size of the production capacity of the company ' s gypsum boards, expansions and contracts totalled 3,838 million square metres, with a total of 3,358 million square metres of effective production capacity in the market. The company ' s light steel bone capacity totalled 488,000 tons, the largest in the world.
The cash flow of 1.32021 was impressive, with a short-term burden on the Maori rate, with companies achieving gross operating income of $21,086 million, an increase of 25.15 per cent in the same year; net return to mothers of $3.51 billion, an increase of 22.67 per cent in the same year.
Figure 9 shows the net profit return of the company from 2014 to 2021 and the rate of increase in the same year.
In 2021, the company's cardboard industry accounted for 65.35 per cent, an increase of 0.23 pct, and the company's business camp for 13.07 per cent, a rise of 13.07 per cent, a rise of 0.33 per cent.
The company achieved an improvement in sales of Māori/31.91%, 2021q4 Māori ring ratio in 2021. By branch, the company’s cardboard business continued to increase owing to the city’s rising rate, and the pricing strength was highlighted by the increase of Māori cardboard ratios by 1.36 pct to 37.26% in the same year; and the company’s bones.
The main raw materials of the business were the hot-plated zinc belt steel, with higher and more volatile steel prices in 2021, and the company's Māori rate declined by 6.25 pct to 18.43%. The company's waterproof operations were subject to the same prices as the main raw materials, such as asphalt and polyether, and the company raised the price of its “gold thumb” waterproof products in March 2022, and is expected to improve as the company's prices go through.
Implementation will restore the level of Māori in the company ' s waterproof business.
Cash flow performance was impressive and the size of the accounts receivable was well regulated. In 2021, progress was made in reducing corporate efficiency gains resulting from corporate operations, and the cost rate remained generally stable over the period. In 2021, the market was more concentrated at 2.1 during the company period, with a three-tiered enterprise ladder.
The gypsum industry has a high concentration of markets and a three-tier hierarchy of business ladders. The pattern of competition in the gypsum industry is broadly divided into three categories, the first being the production of high-end products, the production of equipment, technological R & D, and the quality of products, all of which are large companies with an international standard, with a good branding advantage, and the second is medium-sized enterprises that produce medium-sized products.
The third category is small enterprises that produce low-end products, which are fragmented and have no productive advantage and no market access.
In 2021, the market share of new materials in North China was about 68.53%. The second-tier industry company was three foreign producers, Saint-Gobain (Sango).
Ben), knauf (Neif), Usgboral (Giboro Utsil), three foreign-owned enterprises with a combined capacity of approximately 344 million m2, or 7.02 per cent of the total gypsum capacity in China, left about 300 of their other producers, accounting for 24.45 per cent of the market share.
The company's predecessor, the British Plasma Group (bpb), established its first production line in Shanghai, China, in 2000, and it's a major foreign investor in the gypsum industry.
Year after year, a second production line was established in Changzhou and acquired by the French San Goban Group in 2006.
A well-known producer of glass and fibreglass, acquired bpb and entered the chalkboard business, mainly in San Goban, China.
Knauf entered the Chinese market in 1996 and produced gypsum boards that were sold mainly in North China, East China and South China.
It was exported to the United States, South Korea, South-East Asia and Hong Kong, China, and Taiwan.
The company Bolo entered China after acquiring the original Lafaki-Asian region castpad business, and Yoo Jieji and Usgbora Boro have formed a joint venture since 2013 to sell their products mainly in East and South-West China.
From the top 500 real-estate development companies, the top priority for the new North is 29%. It's the top of the industry. The top priority is 10% for the Tarzan gypsum. The top priority is about 39% for the three foreign manufacturers.
The overall rate is about 34 per cent. 2.2 Short-term construction resilience support needs, medium- and long-term green building catalytic market expansion.
Refurbishment materials are part of the local post-natal cycle industry, and the demand is more relevant to the completion of real estate. According to the order of the industry where the site is located - start construction - pre-sale - complete - renovations, the basic renovations of the cast board ceilings, fences, etc. are usually completed for three to six months. Therefore, it is industry practice to use the completed data to observe the need for the cardboard.
If the market price for the gypsum is about $5.5 m2, the market size of the gypsum industry is roughly 19.305 billion yuan.
In January-February 2022, in the context of the intensification of new housing initiatives, the city’s policy of promoting a virtuous cycle and healthy development of the real estate industry has led to a relaxation of policies such as the down payment rate, interest rates on mortgages, etc., and a warmer period for the basic housing stock; and, at the same time,
“Safe delivery” will further ensure the resilience of the completed areas. Considering that the basic renovations, such as cast-plate ceilings, walls, etc., will be completed within three to six months of the completion of the building, the need for cast-plate will continue to be expected to benefit from the higher level of the completed area in 2021 in the first half of 2022.
The market demand for the gypsum has increased further as the gypsum has been promoted from commercial and public building decorations to residential decorations, and from capping to wall decorations. At this stage, the main consumer market for the gypsums (about 70%) is in commercial and public decorations, and the gypsum has also been applied in the residential sector.
In the development phase (about 30%). About 70% of our gypsum plates are concentrated in the field of ceilings, with little use in fenced areas, while 80% of the gypsum consumption is used for wall construction, as compared to developed countries like the United States and Japan. With the development of the national green architecture and assembly industry, there will be a huge increase in the use of the gypsum in the wall.
As opposed to traditional building materials, they are energy-efficient, fire-resistant, sound-proof, lightweight, etc., and the partitions used for assembly buildings can better meet the requirements of assembly building-to-wall materials.
New green buildings in towns accounted for 77% of new buildings in the year, cumulative green buildings for more than 6.6 billion square metres, and new constructions for new construction nationwide accounted for 20.5% of new buildings in the year. The continued rapid development of green buildings and fittings is expected to break through the country’s glamour plates with fewer applications in the area of fences.
Figure 34 Policies related to the gypsum industry, "One Wing, Global Layout", with a clear second growth curve 3.1 The main gypsum industry grabs high points, and the advantages of pricing and size are highlighted
In 2021, the company built the cardboard line in Shanxi, Guangxiga, Shandong Huimin, Hainan Orientale, and Fung Town in Inner Mongolia.
At the end of 2021, a total of 3,358 million square metres, or 68.53 per cent of the country ' s total gypsum capacity, had been generated. In 2021, the company produced 24.23 million square metres, an increase of 19.18 per cent compared to the same year, and the market sold 2,378 million square metres.
18.01 per cent. In 2021, the market share of the company ' s cardboard business was approximately 67.75 per cent, an increase of 7.6 pct and the city ' s share of the new step, based on the company ' s cardboard sales as a percentage of the country ' s total cardboard sales.
In 2020, the company developed a global cast board industry development plan, which plans to expand the cast board global operational product to 5 billion square metres, accompanied by 1 million tons of dragon bone production. The 2021 production capacity development plan is progressing steadily, and the company now has 74 cardboard production bases throughout the country, with nationwide coverage.
On the overseas side, the company has completed the five major production bases in Tanzania in East Africa, Egypt in North Africa, Uzbekistan in Central Asia, Thailand in South-East Asia, and Bosnia and Herzegovina in Eastern Europe, with a successful first phase of globalization in Asia and Africa, and the Division continues to lead the world ' s largest cardboard industry group.
The company’s distribution channels consist mainly of direct sales and distribution, in which distribution is the company’s main form of sales, with sales amounting to more than 90% of sales.
The distribution network is now spread throughout the country’s major cities and the counties and towns of the developed regions.
The cost of gypsum boards is higher for raw materials and fuel power, which together account for about 85% of the total. The raw materials consist mainly of industrial by-products such as gypsum, face paper, etc. The industrial by-product gypsum is an industrial waste in a fire power plant, with a lower unit value but a higher logistics cost, and companies adopt the principle of near procurement in order to reduce the cost of procurement, generally.
Within 100 km, the company has established a strong cooperative relationship with the five major power companies, and the industrial deputy, according to the content of the Tarzan card collection statement, accounts for about 51% of the price of the cardboard raw materials purchased. The company can partially provide the paper itself, with a self-sufficiency rate of about 30%, and the rest from the market.
The company is building a 400,000-ton paper line to further address the demand for raw materials, which is delivered to itself after delivery.
High-city capture of price options, and flat-mori Māori improved. According to our calculations, in 2021, the average unit price for sale of gypsum was $5.79/m2, an increase of 0.36/m2 for the same year.
2.57 m2, an increase of 0.12 m2, higher than the increase in cost, resulting in an increase of 0.21 to $2.16 in single m2 of cardboard. During a period of bleak industrial demand in 2021, company price of gypsums continued to rise smoothly and increased in single m2 of m2 of Maori, reflecting the company ' s comparative presence in the gypsum industry.
3.2 The first phase of waterproofing operations has been consolidated and substantial progress has been made in the paints. Waterproofing operations have leapfroged to the top of the industry, with 15 production bases covering the entire country.
In 2021, the company acquired 70 per cent of the ownership of Taiyan in the East China region and enhanced the competitive advantage of the company ' s water-proof business in the East China region; jointly reorganized the high-molecular water-proof new business, Tianjin Otae, orbital traffic-resistant water-proof new firm, Chengdusset; acquired the remaining 30 per cent of the stock of the King and Sichuan sheep, and fully completed the water-resistant business.
Figure 48 Production Base and Marketing Branch, Water Protection Company / Tianjin Bay Sea / Henan Xuchang / Shanghai Xianjin / Shanghai Xianyang Pengshan Sichuan/Sichuan Yingshan/ Sichuan Chongzhou/Sichuan Peng County/ Jiang Xi Xijijiang
In 2021, the company ' s combined revenue from water protection operations was $3,871 million, an increase of 17.77 per cent, or 18.36 per cent of the total revenue from public operations. (The revenue from water protection operations did not include revenue from Shanghai, January-April 2021.)
Tianjin Otsai earned 2021 of the year 2021 and Chengduset of the year 2021. Of this, 65.78 per cent were waterproof rolls, 13.70 per cent were waterproof paints and 17.98 per cent were waterproof projects.
In 2021, the share of water-proofing businesses in the industry was 3.07%. Market concentration in the water-resistant sector was low, with 31.5% of the five listed companies in the water-proof industry in 2020, while industry concentration was still relatively low.
For over 40 years, companies have accumulated a well-developed marketing network within the industry, while waterproofing is consistent with the cardboard customer identity, and the company’s waterproofing business is well developed. At the same time, the company is the only company listed in the waterproofing industry that has an advantage in integrating the industry and taking orders for work.
In July 2021, the company announced that it would co-finance a joint venture of $50 million with Quion and Karen. By forming a joint venture, three companies were formed.
In the current context of rising prices of raw materials, companies are working with Co-Son and Karen to improve the quality of raw materials through centralized procurement.
The company has made substantial progress in the layout of its paint business. The other wing of the company's One Wing is the paint business.
The lighthouse paints are 49% of the stake, the label paints are making substantial progress, and companies are completing the consolidation of the paints. The North New Paints will launch a national layout and lead the formation of the China Paint Restoration Alliance, which will steadily foster a new profit growth point. The public paints business will be divided into two main lines, the first of which will be building paints, and will be dedicated to serving the country’s priorities.
The second main line is industrial paint, which helps solve the problem of the neck by developing new coatings for heavy vehicles such as major aircraft and launch vehicles, which are used as paint poles for China’s aerospace field.
4 Profit forecasts and investment proposals, based on the production of the company ' s major ongoing projects and the company ' s productive layout, we expect the company to produce 35.18/388/40 million square metres of gypsum in 2022-2024; as the company ' s production projects progresses
We expect the company to produce 26.39/28.79.30.8 billion square metres. Because of the company’s high municipal presence in the gypsum industry, in 2021, the company’s dragon bone could rise to the top in the world, and we believe that with the release of the additional bone production capacity, the company’s production capacity will continue to grow.
With the increase in the company ' s gypsum calibration rate, the company ' s bone business will continue to grow at a high rate in 2022-2024, our resource endowment will be expected to support the rapid development of waterproofing operations, our expectation is that Karen will establish a strategic partnership to centralize the procurement of raw materials in 2022-2024, and our ability to negotiate upstream is expected to increase, and our expectations are 2022-2024.
At the same time, the company’s “two-wing” waterproof materials and coatings are in hundreds of billions of large markets, the company’s growing boundaries are widening, and the second growth curve is becoming clearer. In 2021, the industry’s demand was dim.
During periods of pressure when raw materials are operating at a high cost, the company’s performance highlights the quality of its performance and interprets high-quality growth. For the first time, we cover the "buy-out" of the company’s profits forecast against the comparative valuation of comparable companies, and we expect the company to return to the net head of the firm from 2022 to 2024.
Capital and real estate investments have significantly reduced the risk; prices of raw materials have continued to rise above expectations; water/painting operations have not developed as expected.
The information and observations in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in this report.