The company's performance remained robust and the smart power grid was more profitable. In 2024, the company achieved a strong middle of the grid market, and industrial upgrading built a new competitive advantage. In 2024, the company consolidated its operations.
Modules, integrated business platforms such as new energy sources, industrial controls, international markets, etc. Emerging businesses are growing rapidly, with revenues increasing by 36.24% over the same period. Program banks, demand pools, and product pools are initially built, and the supply capacity of whole solutions is further enhanced.
High-pressure capture, water-pumping energy development opportunities, high-pressure hits such as Gansu-Zejiang, Liaoning Daya, etc.
The power market, new generation, new generation use, new load management system, pss3.0, cloud platforms, operational robots, etc.
Roe (ttm) Visibility to speed up the expansion of low-carbon energy, energy digitization, industrial automation, etc.
Xinjiang, Xinjiang, Xinhua Usher, etc., and a number of major projects, such as the storage of aluminium, Xinhua-Ush, and the construction of prefabricated tanks. Focus on low-carbon energy sources, the development of integrated solutions for new energy sources, fire, electricity operations, and the wind and fire storage of the new energy base in Kubchi-Sago, Mongolia.
Typical projects, such as physicalization, the Smart Energy Control Centre of the Liquor and Steel Group. Supports customer digitizing operations, winning such projects as integrated metro surveillance of Shenzhen and Nanjing, automatic hydrologic monitoring of Jiangsu, national electro-crystal intelligence station, China Coal Information Control, etc. International market operations, 2024.
(a) The national “one-way” initiative to speed up the “go-out” of high-end technology, advanced products and solutions. The Saudi market has made a leap to become an important “food-producing area” overseas, delivering more than sand storage energy, winning the Saudi adms and peacekeeping soft-cut valve project; the South American market has been very rich and the Brazilian direct flow of Itaip has been restored to power;
In addition, the company’s svc product in Mexico and low-pressure soft technology applications have made a breakthrough in Hong Kong. Investment advice: corporate ownership is steadily growing, profitability is strong, and research and development innovations are constantly increasing.
It is reported that “positive” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk”, that “radical” investors are fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, that they possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investments, and that they produce the present report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.