Performance growth is robust, overseas operations are growing at a sharp rate - GmbH 2024 & 2025q1 performance rating GmbH (equity code: 600406.h)
Integrated business platforms, such as markets, have seen rapid growth in new and emerging businesses, with revenues equal to +36.24%. Program banks, demand banks, and product banks have been initially built, and the overall solutions supply capacity has been further enhanced. 1) Smart electricity grids: Camp Māori 22.98%, -0.94 pcts, mainly in companies that are actively expanding off-grid operations such as storage energy, wind power, etc., gross
Interest rates are low. 4) Industrial interconnection: revenues of 2.867 billion yuan, or 4.7 per cent, compared to 9.51 per cent, Māori, mainly due to a slowdown in energy-saving leasing, and a decline in income and Māori rates. -4.23 pcts, which benefit from the offshore market’s “go-out” of high-end technology, advanced products and solutions.
The winning bid, Saudi adms and soft-cut valves project, which restores power to Brazil's Itaips straight-line, protects and automates the operation to Chile. In addition, the svc product in Mexico, low-pressure soft-cut technology applications, made a breakthrough in Hong Kong. The company signed a new contract of $663.2 billion a year, compared to 13.78 per cent in 25 years.
A regional centre for Asia and the Pacific, the Middle East, and Europe, Africa, and the Americas is planned to be set up, and military corps operations are expected to boost overseas profitability. The Lu plan is expected to generate $64.5 billion in business revenue over 25 years, an increase of 12.34%, with a business cost of $4.732 billion, and the South’s electricity grid is planned to invest $17.5 billion, which is expected to remain stable and grow at an all-time high.
Investment proposals: Corporations as full grid intelligence, digital poles, technological innovation advantages and output 1. [Galactic Power New] Country Energetic Swe (600406.sh) performance rating: Main chain integration advantages are clear and will benefit fully from the high investment performance of the grid; new energy sources, transhipment, water, cities
[Galactic Power, New] Gnnnh (600406.sh) performance rating: 20.86 and 18.79 times per cent, maintaining a “recommended” rating. Network taps are robust and overseas operations are rapidly developing by 240425
I am committed to presenting this report independently and objectively and with diligence. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the report’s specific recommendations or views.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.