The annual report of 2024 and the quarterly review of 2025: Maintenance of high-level events: 24-year and 25-year-a-quarter reports; 24-year corporate revenues of $57.42 billion, or +11 per cent, and a steady medium-term business in the network, with a peak in super-high-pressure construction.
With a share of about 3.3 billion yuan, and 25 years ahead, we expect to start a “6-to-5” plus 5 back-to-back project, with companies acting as champions for direct-to-flow valves and direct-flow controls, with a new unilateral growth expected; and 2) traditional leaders.
On the Internet, the new generation of corporate regulation, which has won more than $1.6 billion, further highlights the strength of the movement control. Protection, movement control, surveillance, etc., are expected to continue to grow robustly, with a 25-year outlook, and a new round of large-scale equipment upgrades and network upgrades are expected to bring new demand to the company’s traditional ownership.
Out-of-grid markets break out quickly, and international markets are doing well again. 24 years of off-grid business revenue, $18.1 billion, +16 per cent, of which $3.3 billion, +135 per cent, Māori rate, 19.02 per cent, and 4.23 ptt. 1) domestic off-grid focus on power side and large-scale rural companies, head-products such as cameras, storage, new energy power plant solutions, etc.
For 25 years, we expect firm power edges on the corporate side, slow recovery on the industrial side, and steady overall growth.
For 25 years, it is expected that the Saudi market will be able to deliver more than the sand reserve, and that core equipment, such as flexible flow valves, will be replaced in the south-central and west-central projects, as well as in Latin American markets such as Brazil, Chile and Mexico.
The company plans to set up three regional centres in Asia and the Pacific, the Middle East and beyond Europe and Africa, and the Americas, where military corps operations are expected to raise the profile of overseas: robust performance growth, a strong q4 delivery efficiency and profitability.
In the semi-annual report 2024, with increased R & D investment and the introduction of high-end talent, we expect sales/management rates to be under pressure for 25 years.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: In view of the company's continued and increased investment in R & D, we have been working on three major financial forecasting tables for the country's 25-26-year-old mother, East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., which, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.