q3 Performance meets expectations, refrigeration taps have a sharp growth curve, 28 October 2022 Risks and exchange rate risk protection, derivatives operations undertaken by companies, including futures contracts and foreign exchange forward contracts
Three seasons of steady growth, Māori rate figures are bright. Surprising and net profit: Company 2022q3 \triangleright Dun Yongkang
Cost controls are good, with sales, management, R & D, financial costs of 2.63%, 5.59%, 4.69%, research assistant Lee Hyo Peng, zero operations: two large sales and increased profitability.
\triangleright with a strong profit increase. We believe that the main reasons for the increase in the q3 zero-plate Maori rate are: the easing of the price of raw materials; 2. productivity gains and the gradual realization of scale effects; and 3. Technology plus extraction
Research assistant mats purchase double-drawn copies to strengthen cost-side controls. Refrigeration operations: microchannels will be used in large numbers, and demand for European air heat pumps is strong.
\triangleright Core patent, which currently has a new expansion in the field of electrical and chemical energy, with large amounts of microchannel heat changer applied to the management of storage heat, in addition to the extensive application of microchannel heat changers to data centres, cloud servers, etc.
With regard to the European heat pump market, the current energy situation continues to be strained and, under the high-subsidized European government stimulus policy, products such as triflood transformers, commercial control valves and microchannels are needed for air-source heat pumps.
Assessment: Performance meets expectations, heat management poles of growth are clear, and growth is expected to be a new growth pole. Internationalize the layout and secure the supply of orders. Companies focus on international markets, in Japan, South Korea, Japan, Japan, South Korea.
2. In the first quarter of 2022, the Triads (002050.sz) established overseas subsidiaries in Singapore, the United States, Mexico, Germany, etc., as a means of building global marketing networks, while establishing offshore production bases, which already have a comparative advantage in the production capacity of globalization.
3. Tribute smart control (002050.sz) 2021: steady growth in performance and improved profitability of the heated management poles - 4. Tribute smart control (002050) event rating: high Steam Zero operations
32, 24, and 19 times. Benefiting from the steady growth of refrigeration and air conditioning control units and the high rate of growth of new energy vehicles, the company’s sales have grown steadily. Taking into account the optimized structure of the company’s products, the scale effect and the dynamic point of 5.
Reservation market opening, maintenance of a “recommended” rating. Assessment: Profitability is expected to increase, management poles of rapid growth is hot. Methodology and analytical logic lead to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the report and accountability for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.