The country's reckless ecurities are performing as expected, and the zero industry continues to grow at a high rate.
On 26 October, the company released a three-quarter performance report for 22 years: 1) 22q1-q3 with the company’s net return to the mother performing as expected. The company’s total operating income for 22q3 was $5.44 billion, i.e. +34.4 per cent, compared to 34.4 per cent.
“In the light of the new energy boom, the heat management poles will grow in the future, the demand for the boom valves + commercial cooling, the company share is high, the product class is large, the competition is received - Three Flowers Insight Report - 0516, 2022.5.16
(b) Microchannels: industry patterns are clear, companies have a high share, and there is a wide range of alternatives; (c) Avico: compared to the US-Japan, China has only 2% penetration of dishwashers. 21 years of improved operations, Vietnamese factories have been recognized by major US customers, some of which cost less than domestic products.
As a leader, the company’s global market is leading the way, mainly in 1.
Li, 17 years of company M & A buy-out of three-flash zeros, 21 years of sales of electric car products amounting to 120 million, or 167 per cent; 2) high technical barriers: electronic expansion valve hardware needs to be closed, noise-reducing, software side, company self-calculations match external chips; 3) customer quality: companies bind high quality customers
Households, such as the general public, Biade, the upper wind, the wind, the wind, and so on, have become globalized, so that the customer becomes more sticky; 4) the size advantage: the company’s share leads, and the size advantage makes it more profitable.
As a champion of heat management, the company accumulated technology, with sufficient orders in hand, and Māori led the front line, with the advantage of size. By binding large customers, the company is expected to deliver rapidly, with domestic and foreign car sales falling short of expectations; and customers are unable to expand as expected.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment