Three-flower mind control (002050) household appliances, zero-plate growth, counter-refrigeration of refrigeration operations, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Summary of performance: The company issued its three-quarter report in 2022, which generated a return of $15.6 billion in the first three quarters of 2022, an increase of 33.1 per cent; the net return to the mother was 1.63 billion yuan, an increase of 25.9 per cent; q3 quarter received a return of $5.44 billion, an increase of 34.4 per cent; and the net return to the mother was $620 million, an increase of 33.1 per cent.
In the refrigeration sector, despite the relative weakness of domestic air-conditioning sales, the company’s refrigeration operations have grown faster. On the one hand, major intra-industry patterns have changed, some orders have been transferred to the company, and on the other hand, there has been an outbreak of heat pump demand in overseas markets, commercial refrigeration plates.
To achieve a high rate of growth, the company ' s refrigeration q3 generated $3.44 billion, a 21 per cent increase in the same year, and a net return of $360 million, a 10 per cent increase in the same year. In the case of zero operations, the demand for company heat management increased as a result of the high rate of development of new energy vehicles.
93.9%. As a result of this, the company ' s zero business q3 registered a record increase of 63.8% over the same year, with a net profit of 270 million being an increase of 85% over the same year. Q3 profit-capability ring has improved and the Māori rate has been gradually restored upwards. q3 quarter q3 showed a Māori rate of 26.9%.
The increase of 2.2 pp over the same period is 1.9 pp over the same period. The increase in the Māori ratio of the refrigerant and the flavour plates is 2/2.5 pp, respectively. We believe that the reason for the significant improvement in the Māori rate of the company is mainly: (1) the fall in raw material prices, the fall in transport prices, and the gradual optimization of costs with the advantage of size; and (2) the optimal upgrading of the product structure of the company as a whole.
In terms of cost rates, the cost of corporate sales is 2.3%, a 0.1 pp decrease in the same year; management costs strengthen the layout of overseas markets, looking at new growth points in air-source heat pumps. Companies focus on international markets, setting up global marketing networks.
The energy crisis in Europe in 2022 was the result of the Russian-Turkish conflict, and the demand for European air-source heat pumps was strong under government-subsidized stimulus. Meanwhile, the global heat pump market will remain fast-growing in the context of the energy upgrade transition + the double carbon target.
Applications on air-source heat pumps will result in new performance growth points. 1. Three-flash smart control (002050): zero-frozen two-wheel drive 2. Three-frozen smart control (002050): zero-frozen double-wheel drive.
4. Tribute Control (002050): The King of Multi-Purpose Refrigeration, Noor, will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.