The three-quarter review of the three-quarters of the 2022 report showed robust growth in revenue and continued improvement in profitability, with robust performance growth of 34 per cent over the same quarter, and 33 per cent over the same period for the net profit of the mother.
In the first three quarters of the year, 15.599 billion yuan was raised, an increase of 33.10 per cent, and a net return profit of 50.21 per cent. The increase in corporate revenue was due to high growth in the heat management of new energy vehicles.
Mainly, the fall in financial costs has benefited mainly from currency exchange gains through sustained R & D inputs for the development of new products and increased market competitiveness, as well as rising salaries of employees. Corporate expansion of new energy products horizontally, upgrading of vertical components, with the volume of new mainstream energy customers, has increased.
The company is based on valve-based products, the expansion of new energy heat management components, and active development of component integration and subsystem solutions, upgrading from "mechanical component development" to "electronic control integrated systems control technology solutions".
The mid-year review of the three-use controls (002050.sz) and the high growth of the zero-carbon business in 2022, with the share of revenue from the new energy car heat management business in 2021 as a share of the zero-carbon business, benefited from the rapid growth of new energy clients, product expansion and product upgrading, with a high degree of certainty over the long term.
The first quarter of 2022 saw a positive increase in net return profits. The third quarter of 2022 saw an improvement in profit-making circles, risk, policy risk, customer outreach risk, exchange rate risk, etc.
Mid-Year Review: Steam Zero Rapids, Strong Performance Investment Proposal: Maintained Company Profit Forecasts, Projected Net Returned Earnings of Companies 2022-2024 Steady growth in spare parts operations and steady increase in Māori rates, taking into account the average of comparable companies in 2023
The 3x24 q3 realized operating income of $5.439 billion, an increase of 34.44 per cent, an increase of 1.54 per cent, a net profit of $624 million, an increase of 33.06 per cent, an increase of 13.50 per cent, a net gain of $722 million, an increase of 61.66 per cent and an increase of 15.05 per cent in the first three quarters of 2022.
The increase in corporate operating income is mainly due to high growth in the new energy car heat management business and steady growth in refrigeration and air-conditioning component products. The company collaborates with mainstream new energy vehicles, benefiting from high growth in industry and mainstream customers. The refrigeration business is expected to benefit from the energy-saving refrigeration and air-conditioning controls under commercial refrigeration and energy efficiency upgrades.
Derivative business losses of approximately $215 million resulting from price and exchange rate risks, with adjustments in the presentation of future losses, miscellaneous charges, etc., reclassified from sales costs to operating cost items, adjusted by corporate disclosures, affected by adjustments in freight costs, and $734 million in research and development costs for the previous three quarters, an increase of 41.46 per cent over the same period, passed by the company
Continued R & D investment in the development of new products and improved market competitiveness, with fiscal costs falling by $245 million on the same basis, mainly in January-September 2022, where company exchange gains amounted to $254 million.
Transfers or employee holding schemes with a repurchase value of RMB 200 million-$40 million and a repurchase price of not more than RMB 36/equity, figure 3: net profit and increase for the company ($100 million, per cent) Figure 4: Net profit and increase for the company for the single quarter
The company is based on electronic expansion valves, horizontal expansion of new energy types, vertical technological upgrading and development of integrated supply modules, with high long-term growth certainty. The company’s business consists mainly of air-conditioning refrigerator parts and components and automobile units, with early products dominated by four-tong valves, cut-off valves, and electronic expansion valves, which have evolved over 30 years.
The company has been active in the development of new energy vehicle heat management products, based on the competitive advantage of valve products, and has enriched the structure of the class. According to the company, the current company air conditioner electronic expansion valves, four-way valves, cut-off valves, electromagnetic valves, microchannel heat exchangers, car electronic expansion valves, new energy vehicle heat management integrated components, etga
The company’s zero operations are gradually moving from spare parts to integrated components and subsystems, adding 7.3 million new energy units per year. The technology adaptation project for auto heat management system components was completed in 2021, and the component share is expected to be proposed.
The new energy heat management system has expanded its product class, increasing its value almost twice as much. Compared to the traditional heat liner operations, the new energy vehicle heat management system adds battery heat management circuits, electrical heat management circuits, new coolers, battery coolers, electronic water pumps, electro-inflated valves, ptc heating or heat pump systems, etc., core output.
The value of the product has been raised from $2230 to about $6410, and the value has nearly doubled. The company has been actively layoutd components Integration and heat management systems programme, upgrading from "Mechanical component development" to "E-control integrated systems control solutions".
The value of the largest single-car cargo is nearly $5,000.Figure 7: Some of the operational products of auto parts and components remain high in new energy production, and company zero operations will go with the customers of mainstream new energy vehicles.
The energy car heat management product collects $4 billion, representing 83% of the revenue from the auto parts business, and fully benefits from the high growth in the new energy automobile industry. According to the China-China Association, in January-September 2022, each of the leading companies in the field of the new energy-based car market completed the farming-management track, working with mainstream new energy customers, including Faleo, the general public, etc.
Benz, BMW, Volvo, Toyota, General, Gilly, Tesla, Biadei, Upper Steam, Viadi, etc., with zero-carbon operations growing more certainly as high-quality clients continue to deploy. With respect to incremental operations, the company created three new energy heat management technologies (Hangzhou) in March 2022.
The Division, which is mainly involved in the management of storage energy heat, the management of storage heat and the management of new-energy car heat, is close to the technical circuits, and the company has a good stock of products and technologies.
Motors and electricity are comparable companies. Firms run robustly, zero-breathing is growing, refrigeration and air-conditioning appliances are growing robustly, the company’s Māori ratio is rising steadily, and it maintains a profit forecast that is expected to return to its motherhood in 2022-2024. Cars are the flagship in heat management and the core of the Tesla chain, taking into account the average estimate of 2023 comparable to that of the company.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject