q3 Accelerating income growth and a slight improvement in the Māori rate \triangleright 3x3 (002050)
624 million yuan, +33.06 per cent; net profit of 722 million yuan, net return to the mother, net profit of 722 million yuan, faster income growth, and steady double growth in refrigeration + zero operations. q3
q2 (+25.56%) Further acceleration, refrigeration and air-conditioning control units + new energy vehicle heat-pipe assurance companies are growing steadily. According to industry online data, the size of our pure electricity-renewed car heat management system is expected to reach $35.4 billion in 2022, an increase of 80.6% from the same year.
In March this year, the company established the Three Flowers of Energy Hot Management Technology Ltd., which is globally oriented, and is expected to continue to benefit from the rapid growth of new energy cars and to expand its competitive advantage.
In addition to the company's cooling and zeroing operations, it is expected to become another major growth support for the future.             26.89%           26.89%
If the accounting calculus changes are taken into account, the q3 Māori ratio is the same in real terms as +2.18 pct. From cost rates, the q3 sales (taking into account the change in the accounting calibre)/management/R & D/financial cost rates are the same as the returns, and the sales, management, R & D rates have increased slightly, so that q3 is the net profit of the parent.
Billion dollars, compared to +35.65 per cent at the beginning of the period, mainly due to higher operating income resulting in higher receivables; q3 billion yuan, compared with +38.86 per cent in the same year, mainly due to higher advance payments from companies, reflecting the company ' s potential for unearned income growth. 2) q3 net cash flows from operating activities amounted to $296 million
Dollars, 11.86 per cent compared to the same period last year, mainly because q3 purchases goods, receives payments for services, returns projections: we look forward to a steady growth in the company's refrigeration plates, and the wind zero plates increase in both profits as new energy cars are put in place and the structure of the company's products is upgraded. We expect the company to operate in 22-24 years.
Risk factors: Epidemic impacts factory start-up, new energy vehicle sales are less than expected, new products are not rolled out \triangleright Sinda S.A.
And the price of raw materials remains high, and the overseas market is not as open as expected.
M.A. in Fusion & Management. Used to work in the development of commercial telecommunications equipment in the tp-link hardware research and development department. New wealth in 2015 and 2017. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2020.
In 2022, he joined the Credit Certificate, a study in the household appliances industry, covering white power, small household electricity, and parts and components. Yuko, member of the team. Master of Finance, Bachelor of Economics and Business, University College, London.
The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-resumed securities investment consultancy business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.