The profits of 2025h1 continue to be realized, livestock productivity continues to improve, pig production has steadily increased and farm costs have declined significantly.
Production management and farming costs have been continuously reduced. The combined cost of pork farming at the 2025h1 company has been reduced to $12.4/kg, a significant decrease of around $2.4/kg over the same period, with market factors such as raw material prices affecting about 40 per cent, non-market factors such as higher production performance affecting about 60 per cent and earning about $5.1 billion.
The production of chickens has remained stable at a high level, with a steady drop in chicken-raising costs.
60 million chickens, i.e. + 9.2 per cent of the same year; 15.13 billion yuan, i.e. 9.3 per cent of the same year, for the poultry industry; 10.8 yuan per kilogram, i.e. 18.4 per cent of the same year, and 2.2 kg, i.e. + 1.9 per cent of the same year, for the chicken industry.
The increase in the price of fodder is reflected in the cost of farming, with the company making a profit by the end of June or July, and the company ' s total cost of achieving a reversal of losses in column 2024 rising slightly to around $5.7/kg. Although the chicken industry was relatively low in the first half of the year, the second half of the year
The company's chicken-raising business has been on track for 24 years, and the balance sheet has been repaired faster, and there are plenty of reserves. Thanks to improved raw material prices, the company's chicken-raising business has been back on track since August.
\triangleright 3. Winch shares (300498.sz) 3-quarterly 2023 report point: pig, chicken operations have achieved significant efficiency gains, q3 ring ratio
Keeping production operations stable over the long term further improves financial security and risk resilience.
In the second half of 2025, with a promising growth in the consumption cycle, the company, with pig-breeding and chicken-breeding as its core, has improved profitability and maintains a “recommended” rating. The methodology and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.