H1 performance has continued to increase and asset structure has continued to optimize Winch shares (stock code: 300498.sz) + 5.92%; net profit on repatriation is 3,475 million yuan, compared to +159.12%; net profit on deduction on non-retroactivity on the basis of net profit on the basis of
The company’s performance has continued to increase and its asset structure has been optimized. It has benefited from lower prices for feed materials, higher production performance, etc. The cost of farming has continued to be optimized, and the profitability of pig-producing operations has led to growth in the company’s performance.
25H1 has a combined Māori ratio of 13.76 per cent compared to 2.92 pct; the cost for the period was 6.21 per cent compared to the same ratio - h1 pig sales + 16 per cent, with a significant increase in Māori sales. 25H1 sold 16.6 million meat pigs, or 15.6 per cent compared to the same rate, and gross pig sales averaged $14.93/kg, or 2.56 per cent.
By the end of the second quarter of 25 years, the company’s fixed assets stood at $34.805 billion, construction works at $2.98 billion, the volume of kh1 yellow pheasant chicken sales at +9 per cent, and sales prices were low. 25h1 companies sold 598 million chickens.
Billion dollars, or —9.29 per cent, mainly a decline in sales prices; Māori 0.49 per cent, or 10.62 ptt. 25q2 companies sold 316 million chickens, or +12.86 per cent, and sales averaged $10.76/kg, or 95.1 per cent, respectively, of the core production performance indicators, the combined cost of farming, which maintained a high level of excellence in the industry and the listing of chickens in the industry.
But the company’s chicken-breeding business has suffered losses as a result of the continuing low market prices. Investment proposals: the company will focus on pig-breeding and chicken-breeding, taking into account the cost dimension of low/continuing optimization, the company’s pig-breeding business is profitable; and the yellow chicken supply is low and consumption is boosted.
We expect the company's depth report for 2025-26. 1. [Galactic Farm Chee-Ye-Ye-Ye-Ye-Ye-Ye]
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.