Events: 28 March, the Episode Bank issued its 2023 annual report. Over 23 years, cumulatively, $21.8 billion, or yoy-5.2 per cent, was collected; net profit for mothers was 77.1 billion, or yay-15.6 per cent; the negative rate was 1.07 per cent, with a provision for coverage of 245 per cent.
Quarterly +0.4 pct, 6.1 pct, respectively. The company’s 23-year performance or under construction is analysed as follows: 1) The Division is expected to continue to leverage the financial market advantage and make good investment returns. 4) The company has increased its impairment lifting over 23 years, sharpened asset quality, and lost 23q4-quarter asset impairments by +142 per cent on a year-on-year basis, thus delaying net profit gains.
Quick, but with the new generation of adverse pressures, the impairments are expected to decrease, leading to a profit release at Yusen \triangleright
Among these, the company has been very successful in actively setting up the “Five Races” – 23 years of financial innovation, inclusive micro-credit, pedestrian green loans, corporate car finance, park financial lending balances of +31.9%, +24.0%, +27.1%, +26.1%, +27.4%, respectively +31.9%, +27.4%, respectively, are higher than total lending.
The rate of interest on the renminbi deposits fell by 11bp on a year-to-year basis over 23 years, the quality of the assets was stable and the risk in the priority areas was effectively addressed.
The “Three Business Cards” are shining, the “Five Races” are fast-tracking, the risks are effective, and subsequent impairment pressures are expected to subside. 1) Property City is risk-difficult, with new failures in public housing, property operations, local government financing platforms and debts of 54% and -55%, respectively, and the risks are exposed.
4. The Bank of Episodes (601166.sh) reported for the year 2022: Investment proposals: good interest differential performance, excellent asset quality
While current stock risk mitigation pressures have resulted in impairments, urban investment output has fallen, credit cards are not evaluated: Roe is on par, asset quality improved - 2023/
Good rates have fallen from high places, and the quality of subsequent assets is expected to improve, thus releasing the potential for profit growth. And the company now shows that \triangleright: Net interest income from the Hewlett Bank up to the end of 2023, with the same rate of increase (cumulative)
Figure 3: Growth of other non-interest-bearing income of Employers as at the end of 2023 (cumulative) Figure 5: Total liabilities of Employers as at the end of 2023, and increase in total deposits as at the end of 2023 Figure 6: Net interest margin of Employers as at the end of 2023 (disclosed value)
A summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements, a methodological and analytical logic that leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.