Qingshima Beersingtaobrewery (600600ch) 2023 Mid-Term Performance Review: Cost improvements show season by season and high-end transformations continue continuously, and thehigh-endtrendcontinued
The point of view focuses on the event investmentfocus (pleaseeeappendix1forenglichsummary). 23h1 achieved $21.59 billion, corresponding to 12.0%, and net profit of 34.3%.
The increase in prices in the second quarter is a major increase, with the share of innovation higher at the middle end and above. 23h1 achieved 5023,000 litres of beer sales, +6.4 per cent of the year, and the main/other brands, thousands of litres, pure + 20 per cent, white beverages + 40 per cent.
266.0 million litres sold + 2.7 per cent of the same year, major/other brands + 8.9 per cent of the same year, according to 23q2 major brands, 1.4 pct/0.6 pct increase in the price of beer ton over 23q1, ton costs are expected to improve on a quarterly basis, and open source flow profit is released. 23h1/23q2
q2 is still digesting high-priced stocks of barley, the company’s production costs were almost flat in July, and the lower costs are expected to become apparent in the second half of the year.
0.8%, companies continue to push for fee-paying open-source winding-up, levels of profitability continue to rise, sales of low-base products are slightly under pressure, low-base-effects can be rolled out after September, and the second half of the year has seen a full expansion of consumption and the gradual introduction of consumption policies that stimulate beer consumption.
The company is expected to achieve a substantial increase (medium and low) in the prices (medium and lower) throughout the year. Cost side: The company has now completed the digestion of its stock of high-cost barley at the end of last year. According to our recent weekly cost reports, the prices of glass and aluminium have increased over the past six months.
A step-by-step search for an overall downside cost; and an announcement by the Department of Commerce of the Australian-Mac policy renegade, which is expected to make it possible for the company to lock down its barley prices at lower prices for the coming year. Cost: We expect that this year's sales costs will return to normal pace, but the company will continue to do so.
Given the recent downward shift in the valuation of the beer industry, the company, as a domestic beer tap, moved the high end 133 to $124, maintaining a better rating than the big market.
♪ Steaming hongweiwen ♪