The Qingdao beer product strategy is clear, and the performance is expected to increase over the next two years, and the future level of profit in the beer industry is expected to continue to rise in the context of good regional competition patterns and consumer upgrading.
Under the strategy of the heart region, sales are expected to increase at a consistently higher rate than the industry. With supply-side resonance, the next two years are expected to continue with good regional competition patterns and consumption escalation. In the current era of structural upgrading, the beer industry has grown steadily, profit levels have continued to rise, and competition patterns have been determined.
The cost, quality, and historical expansion of beer manufacturers has been largely achieved through production/acquisition of land-based plants, leading to a stronger regional pattern of beer competition. Compared to ebitdamargin, a leading offshore business, there is much room for greater profitability in our beer industry. Looking ahead, we expect beer sales to stabilize.
The period further clarified the strategic plan for the core monolith. We believe that the core of the new “1+1+2+n” plan is structured in different price bands, with different channels, branding, product power, channel appeal, and clear thinking.
In the context of extensive prior-period validations, large-scale, tailor-made (11.5 (4.0) (13.4) (10.1) and logical replacements for low-end products, depending on different types of areas, channels and end types, the combined growth rate of company tonnage is expected to be close to 5 per cent over the next three years.
The strategic focus is on the core regions, where sales are expected to grow at a much higher rate than industry. Companies are focusing on investing along the yellow zone to consolidate the nuclear market.
In recent years, the implementation of the corporate-channel management strategy has been effective, with a steady growth of core regional revenues and a total market value of Māori in vulnerable regions (million RMB)
According to our calculations, if the impact of structural upgrading is not taken into account, the cost of direct materials in the company’s ton of products is expected to drop by 2 to 3% this year. Following up on the ABAM anti-dumping and countervailing duties,
Cancelled, lower-priced barley costs are expected to fall in tons at the end of the statement starting in 2024. Although the public has been using the market price of 21 August 2023 as the standard, there is still much room for raising the value of other companies.
It is expected that the level of continued profitability will continue to rise.
Macroeconomic fluctuations, fluctuations in the cost of raw materials, renewed competition in the industry, etc. In an era of structural upgrading, the level of profit in the beer industry is expected to increase continuously
The production of beer, which is constrained by population constraints, has fallen to a high level and is now stable at 35-38 million litres/year. The number of people in the core of beer consumption (the population aged 20-50) has declined each year as a result of the decline in the birth rate, resulting in a drop in the production of beer after a breakthrough of 50 million litres in 2013, which is expected to remain stable in the future, as it has now stabilized at 35-38 million litres.
After 2018, the price of beer rose rapidly with the shift in the main lines of competition in the industry, with a series of measures to upgrade the product structure upwards, direct price increases, etc. As the cost elasticity of upgrading beer products was much less than income elastic, the profit margins of beer businesses improved significantly, and the gross sales spread for listed businesses as a whole rose from 2018 to 2018.
The management fee rate for listed enterprises fell by 1.2 pct in 2018 compared to the 2022 rate.
Chart 4.4.2018: The beer industry has a strong edge in the base market, with a fast upturn in net interest rates. 1) Overall, five leading companies now account for the bulk of the beer market in the country. Hua Yun, Qingji Island, and Bawei Asia and the Pacific (China) have made a difference from other businesses in 2022.
With 1110, 807 and 7.5 million litres, the cities accounted for 31%, 22.6%, and 21%, respectively, and were the main leaders in the beer market in the country. After Chongqing's reorganization of the assets, the rate rose rapidly, reaching 8.0% in 2022.
Because the transport radius has a greater impact on the quality and cost of beer, most of the beer manufacturers have been able to expand through local manufacturing and acquisition. This expansion has led to a stronger regional dimension in the beer competition.
For the future: good regional competition patterns + rising consumption are expected to continue upwards. Good regional competition patterns and rising consumption are the central reasons why beer companies can increase their levels of profitability.) 2013-2017.
After 2018, as competition patterns improved in most of the regional markets, the concentration of the industry reached a high level of concentration, and the beer industry rose to a large profit level. In our view, this was mainly due to a single/lower head as competition patterns improved in the regional markets.
A player can ensure that price-fixing monopolies are in the hands of a few firms (the only way to control profit levels is to circumvent new entrants, the double/multiple bureau needs to maintain a good deal between firms, avoid price wars/cost competition), thus making product structure upgrades smoother and cost optimization easier to achieve. And, in the process of slowly raising profit levels to a reasonable level by head players in the region, traditional competitors have gone through the years.
The price war, which has failed, and the realization that the share of the regional poles cannot be eroded in a profitable state, will not easily join the competition; the newcomers, because of the lack of scale effects and brand advantage, will find it difficult to compete with the old players with a higher turnover speed, based on a profit/loss balance, through profit/diplomatic profit/brand power, and can only compete with small markets through differentiation, the masters of the region.
At the same time, we find that the share of high-end beer and alcohol is increasing as the disposable income rises. And the share of high-end beer is growing faster and slower than the real growth in disposable income. This suggests that rising consumption is also one of the captures of higher profitability in the beer industry: as the share of high-ori high-end beer products rises, beer rises.
Compared to the mature beer-leagues abroad, our beer companies still have low levels of profitability and are expected to continue upwards in the future. In terms of profitability: excluding the effects of taxes, interest on liabilities, depreciation etc., the current average of the five mainstream beer businesses in the country is 20.5%.
The ebitdamargin is still 19.1% different from the 30.6% ebitdamargin average for the period 2010-2020 in Bweinbo.
Area competition continues to be good, and beer businesses are expected to continue to repair profitability levels through structural upgrading of products. And, in the long run, as consumption power increases, the ratio of high-end beer is expected to rise further, and the logic of profit recovery is fixed to help beer businesses achieve a further breakthrough in profitability.
A hundred-year-old beverages, powered by equity incentives, a hundred-year-old history with a strong brand base, are located in Qingdao City, Shandong Province, preceded by a joint venture between German and British businessmen, which was founded in Qingdao in August 1903.
By the end of 2022, there were 57 full-time/stock-controlled beer-producing factories all over the country, designed to produce 1.08 million litres of beer and 9.5 million litres of real capacity. Since Hong Kong was listed in 1993, the development of beer in Qingdao has been divided into four stages:
1. Nationalization of the expansion period (1993-2000): after the reform of the stock system in 1993, the company was listed in a stock and h stock, but after it was listed in the market, it performed poorly. The management was replaced by Li Gui Ying and Peng Seong-yi, who served as Chairman and Managing Director in 1996 respectively, and then expanded rapidly on a scale, holding shares in several provinces of the country through investment holding, bankruptcy acquisitions, debt restructuring, etc.
At this stage, Qingdao's beer industry began the process of nationalization, with a local beer company officially participating in the national beer business, with sales reaching 1.8 million tons in late 2000, yielding close to 3 million tons of capacity, with the city exceeding 8%. “Doing things big,” the way development moves from expansionary expansion to implicit development, with development goals shifting from a single scale to size.
At the same time, the company has been actively investing in capital stock expansion, optimizing governance levels, and has been active in sports marketing at the Olympics. As a result of a series of corporate efforts, the company’s total revenue from beer operations in late 2012 was exceeded by $25 billion and sold by hundreds of millions, while at the same time achieving a rapid increase in revenue and profits.
The period of transition (2013-2018): changes in corporate management in 2012, with Sun Mingbo and Wong Ke Hein taking over as Managing Director. Subsequently, in 2013, the total beer industry went over 50 million litres. During this period, companies were unable to shift their strategic focus to high-end markets in a timely manner, resulting in a slower pace of structural upgrading than their competitors at the same time.
But, after 2015, rapid adjustment turned the development strategy into a “stable growth and structural adjustment” and a shift in emphasis towards product building, branding, and channel building. The 8.7 million litres of the Qingshima-Caoshan branding campaign fell to 803 thousand litres in 2018, and the level of profit was significantly reduced by increased competition, with the mother taking the lead.
The product strategy has been upgraded from Qingjima + 1+1+n to the latest +1+1+2+n, establishing a product strategy around core monolithics.
Upgraded to “two-by-one” and proposed a development strategy to revive the coast, lift the pace along the yellow, liberate the river, and expand the Shandong base market. Meanwhile, companies actively reduced the efficiency gains and optimized the distribution of production capacity.
Released, net return profits quickly increased from $1.42 billion in 2018 to $3.71 billion in 2022.
As of the first quarter of 2023, the Qingdao City State Finance Committee, indirectly holding 32.5% of the shares of listed companies (a stock +h shares) through the Green Island Beer Group Limited, is the real control of listed companies. In addition, through the Equity Incentive Scheme, the company’s core cadres received approximately 1% of the shares.
Figure 9. A map of the Qingdao beer equity structure The management holds a large share through the equity incentive scheme, which binds the firm’s interests to depth. With the success of the 2020 equity incentive scheme, the company’s management gained a large share in the company and its interests were further tied to it. As of 2022,
Chairman Wong Ke Hsing holds 15.13 million shares in listed companies, valued at more than $15 million at the end of the company period (31 December 2022). Other top managers, including CEO Kang Jong-sao and marketing director Choi Chi-wei, have also obtained varying amounts of listed company shares through equity incentive schemes.
The "1+1+1+2+n" product, with a clear-cut ton price-up path under a two-brand strategy, has historically used branding strategies such as "1+3+n," "1+3+n" and "1+1+n" after the "1+1" branding strategy was established in 2017.
From 2017 to 2021, the company focused on high-end branding, building super-high-end products such as August, Hong Kong, Amber Lager, and end-use beer products more than $100. More recently, after a survey, the company identified the "1+1+1+2+n" upgrade of the medium- and high-end single layout, with a greater focus on the upper-end core upgrade.
One product, which promotes a shift in the structure of products to olive/diamond. Without sacrificing the market’s dominance, resources are tilted toward classic, pure, white cores, etc., while at the same time increasing efforts to promote fresh products such as slurry, crystal purity, high prices, short warranties, and high transport requirements.
Focusing on a few monoliths helps companies to further develop their brand image, while also helping to further improve the efficiency of marketing resources. At the same time, the core upgrades of Qingdao beers are distributed in different price bands, mostly through different channels, combined with brand power, product strength, channel appeal, and clear thinking.
The final type of large-scale, targeted-laying to replace low-end products with a logical flow of product upgrades with a high probability of success. The core upgrades of Qingjia brands, such as raw and white beverages, successfully complete the replacement of other brands, Qingjia brand low-line products.
The marketing strategy of the company is focused on “Sport+music+Experience Marketing.” In sports marketing, the company is actively engaged in marketing activities around sporting events, and in 2022 it launched “The Winter Olympics + the World Cup” and “The Qingdo Island Winter Ice Can”, “The Qingdo Beer 1903 Show”
In the marketing of music, the company is marketing mainly through a title concert, in collaboration with music festivals, and now it's working with music festivals such as sisy, strawberry, sky music festivals. In addition, the company has focused on experiential marketing, investing in the Qingdo Island Beverage Coast Beverage Gardens project, through "Breaths".
The Liquor + Mandarin industry combines the marketing of products with active participation in the hosting of various beer festivals, the full roll-out of the “1903 Bar” and the immediate arrival of consumers' preferences through admission to the Tavern. Figure 14. Qingdao Beer Winter Olympics 2022, World Cup joint product
Figure 15. Qingdao Beers 2023 long-sand strawberry music festival marketing activities
At the end of the year, the Qingdao Beersingtao Bar has covered more than 20 provinces and cities, and has achieved full coverage of different consumption scenes and different categories of people through a variety of shops. While the small tavern business has a limited contribution to corporate profits in the short term, we expect that when the small tavern industry matures, it will become a new high ground for companies to promote brand names, new products, and fresh beer.
Chart 18: Aoshima Beer 1903, Chart 19. Aoshima Beer "1903 Bar" distribution map.
Sub-regional deep distributions precisely take off-line channels, with thin bodies upgrading the quality of distributors’ operations, and the frequency of the epidemic increases from year to year. Companies sell their drinking channels, i.e., drinking channels, circulation, ka, wires, etc., in catering, nighttime, etc., which are 59.4% more affected by the epidemic after 2020, resulting in companies selling their drinking channels, i.e., drinking channels.
The share continues to rise, and it is expected that the next step will gradually return to the pre-epidemiological level. Figure 20. Qingdao beer, i.e., drinking, drinking (2022) Subregional deep distribution precisions the channel below the line of control, and innovative practice line up and downline 3D multi-link operations expand.
In-depth distribution, marketing management by market region and channel in the company's subregion. Regional marketing channels are developed and maintained through the organization of business branches, including sales sub-firms, provinces, provinces and offices, while also actively fostering multi-channel professional distributors.) Other markets: the company's online market uses a marketing system of “Official flagship + Official Commissary + Online Retail + Distributive Specialized Shops”.
Work with third-party platforms to promote the purchase of o2o, b2b, community group purchasing, etc., and multichannels to meet the purchase needs and consumption experiences of consumers in the Internet age. Overseas markets are sold mainly through foreign affiliates and local agents.
Figure 22. Qingdao beer channel model The built-in distribution network, “Lighty”, enhances the quality of the dealer's business. The number of company distributors dropped from 15580 in 2019 to 11826 in 2022, and the size of individual distributors increased from 516.4 tons in 2018 to 682.4 tons, which we judge.
One change may be due mainly to the company’s strategic direction of upgrading the quality of the dealer’s operations by cutting off some of the poorly run tail dealers. We believe that the quality of the remaining dealers’ operations is expected to improve with the “skinner” of the inherent distribution network.
Figure 24. Qingdao beer product sales/distributors, with a “one-size-fits-all” strategy, focused on core regional markets The company's approach to regional expansion follows a “one-size-fits-all” strategy:
1) Focus on investment along the yellow regions (including the traditionally dominant regions of Shandong, Huabei, etc.) to consolidate core market niches. Along the yellow areas are the public department’s centres of revenue, profit centres, and resource-focused inputs.
A reasonable profit margin locks the channel. A wide network of channels + high loyalty of distributors strengthens corporate size and brand advantage. With regional scale effects, companies are more profitable in this segment of the market, and Māori rates are significantly higher than in other regions. 2) River regions are active in reducing efficiency and accumulation.
In the interest of high-quality development, companies have chosen to shrink their strategies along the river market, shut down some of the lost factories, and build up the energy to wait for opportunities. 3) The coastal region relies on the strong, active and high-end markets.
So, the company’s branding, branding, branding power in the coastal region, based on its history, focused on competition for high-end, super-high-end products, and relied on the resources of large-scale businesses to revive the market.
Figure 27. Qingdao beer main regional share (2022) Figure 26. Qingdao beer main regional sales, comparison of Mäori ratio (2022). Strategy implementation has been significant, with solid growth in core areas and continued growth in vulnerable regions between 2018 and 2021.
Guided by the cross-cutting strategy, by focusing on the core markets, the company’s core area (Sandong, Huabei Region) has seen a rapid increase in revenue. From 16,93 billion yuan to 21,370 million yuan in 2018, sales have risen from 5.1 million to 54,86 thousand, while some vulnerable areas have been driven by high-end markets, and some vulnerable regions have been driven by efficiency gains.
The Māori rate rose significantly between 2018 and 2021 (after adding transportation costs affected by accounting standards).
Short-term drinking pipeline rehabilitation + long-term focus core markets, companies are expected to pick up fast, and long-term sales are expected to grow faster than industry. In the short term, the epidemic affected 2022 with severe damage to drinking channels and a low base for company sales. We believe that, with the restoration of the drinking scene, sales are expected to increase by 3% over the year 2023. In the long run, we believe that in Shandong market, the company's channels, the company's sales base, are expected to grow by 3% over the year.
Brand barriers are strong and have significant scale effects, and sales are expected to grow robustly. With a focused investment in marketing costs, marketing resources, the North and China markets are expected to grow faster, supported by supply chain advantages, depending on pre-existing brand power, channel thrust, and a larger share of drinking and circulation.
With a strategy focused on middle- and high-end markets, growth is expected to return. With strong competition in the East China market, firms are expected to continue to build up dynamic and thinly, and sales are expected to remain stable for the next three years. Overall, after joining the Hong Kong and Macao markets, we expect the company to sell in 2025, with a combination of supply side factors, to achieve a high performance over the next two years.
The cost of short- and medium-term direct materials is expected to continue to decline, driven by the elimination of anti-dumping duties in AUSMA + the fall in package prices, while the price of barley remains high during the new procurement cycle. The company ' s 2022 stock turnover is about two months, and the cost of issuing the inventory is calculated using a weighted average method. We estimate the price of raw materials for the new lock price/purchase cycle to date for the entire year.
Production costs. The price of barley remained high during the new lock-up cycle, with the average price of imported barley at the beginning of 2023 rising by 31.2 per cent in comparison with the previous year’s procurement cycle, while the price of packaged materials such as glass, aluminum ingots, tiles, etc. fell during the new procurement cycle, and the combined price since November 2022 is expected to save between 2 and 3 per cent of the direct material costs this year. Although the cost of barley is high, it is due to the fact that barley is in direct materials.
The share of materials is limited, and direct material costs are reduced by fluctuations in barley prices. If the proportion of glass, aluminum, tiles, barley is 30%, 20%, 15%, 20%, other sub-items (rice, wine, assistive materials, etc.) are assumed to account for 30%, 20%, 15%, 20% and the unit cost of other sub-items (rice, alcohol, support materials, etc.) is equal to +1.5%, then, according to our estimates, benefits from the fall in the price of packaging, and from the list of direct materials of companies during the new procurement cycle.
Bit cost has fallen by about 2 to 3%. The projected price fluctuations for raw materials, based on 65% of direct material costs, have divided the business costs of Qingdao beer (2022) The share of Qingdao beer purchases (2022)
Figure 35. Proportion of raw materials in the beer industry as a direct material (estimate) Figure 36. Change in direct material unit cost measurement (within the 2023 procurement cycle) The cost reduction of low-cost barley parity is expected to be reflected at the end of the statement starting in 2024, following the elimination of the ABAT anti-dumping and countervailing duties.
Our anti-dumping and countervailing duties imposed on Australasia from 19 May 2020 were 73.6 per cent and the countervailing rate 6.9 per cent. The five-year period of application led beer companies to reduce their imports of Australasia from 21 years and to begin using imports of barley from France, Canada, etc. According to the Ministry of Commerce announcement, we will terminate our import of barley originating in Australia from 5 August 2023.
The price difference between AUS$ 1565, 2431, 2538, and AUS$ 2538 per ton per year is more than 35%. Since most beer companies have already locked in barley prices at the beginning of 2023, the relevant price changes are expected to be reflected in the statement from 2024. We expect a 2 to 3% savings per unit of direct material costs from replacing the price of AUS$ 2538.
The company’s human effectiveness is rising from year to year, but there is still much room for improvement for other companies. Under the guidance of the efficiency mitigation strategy, the number of company employees has declined from 39320 in 2018 to 31707 in late 2022. At the same time, the company’s human effectiveness has been raised from year to year.
At a lower level, there is still a big gap between the Chinese beer that is a state-owned company with a deep distribution strategy, the Chongqing beer of foreign holdings, and the Bwai Asia and the Pacific. We believe that with the natural retirement of current employees and the further optimization of productive capacity, corporate effectiveness is expected to increase year after year.
Figure 38. A decline in the number of Aoshima's beer workers every year, assuming that the company's human effectiveness will reach its current level of Hwa Yui beer in five years, with a net interest rate increase of over 2% in five years. Using a similar system of Hao Yu's beer as a reference, it is assumed that, with the natural retirement of the company's employees, the company's human effectiveness will rise in five years.
After the company ' s post-2013 capital spending cycle, the fixed asset balance peaked in 2016, followed by a de-productivity cycle, closure of inefficient plants and real capacity due to the peak demand for beer.
In the course of the year, the company optimized its capacity, expanded its capacity in large plants, reduced its capacity to shut down small plants to improve its productivity, and recovered capital spending. According to the company’s 2022 performance statement, the company will also invest in projects such as a 1 million-high-rise beer base for five plants in Qingdao, a drinking and whiskey production base, and an expansion of its pure production base for two plants in Qingdao.
Figure 41. Qingdao beer fixed assets, changes in construction in progress Figure 42. Qingdao beer production capacity, changes in the number of factories Figure 43. Qingdao beer follow-up investment project
1. A hundred thousand elevated-end beer and whiskey production base (600 thousand litres a round, dominated by white beer)
In terms of revenue ends: 1) assuming that the company can sustain robust growth in the Shandong region, that the North China region can actually grow at a faster pace with a resource focus, and that the South-East China/South-East market supports a return to growth with a high-end strategic + large-business model. The company as a whole, II. Cost & Cost End: 1) operating costs are expected over the next three years, and we will raise the price of raw materials and human effects without considering structural upgrades.
The calculation of the depreciation amortization changes resulting from the cycle of capital expenditure corresponds to the changes in the cost of a company’s single product in the four subjects of direct materials, direct labour, manufacturing costs and others, and out-of-sale finished products. The calculation of the changes in the cost of a company’s entire tonnage, assuming that the changes in the cost of a company’s core single item are the same in tons, is the effect of introducing structural upgrades through a weighted average of the costs of different products in tons.
We have a solid level of certainty about how the efficiency gains are judged in the subject of employee remuneration for sales costs, overheads, and predicting the associated costs. For comparison purposes, major beer companies have selected a share, port shares, and now value the company in the middle. Beers, Bwai Asia and the Pacific data have been converted into renminbi at the spot exchange rate.
1. Risk of macroeconomic fluctuations: If macroeconomic fluctuations occur, the population ' s expectations of future earnings vary, and the company ' s production price rises in tonnage. 2. Risk of fluctuations in raw material costs: beer raw materials include packages such as glass, aluminum ingots and tiles, as well as crops such as barley, the cost of production of the company ' s products will be affected if the price of the raw materials in question fluctuates significantly.
Competition in the industry increases the risk that, with the recovery of profitability in the beer industry, competition may increase again in some regions and channels, affecting the profitability of enterprises.