Short-term sales are weak and may affect market moods. Short-term sales are much more affected by bad weather: based on grass-roots research, we expect that sales of Qingjia beverages in July-August will show a much smaller drop in the worst weather effects.
Although we insist that the market should not be tied to the short-term volatility of beer players, we are concerned that the weaker sales performance in July-August will have some negative impact on short-term market sentiment. The company plans to increase its marketing efforts in September to prepare for mid-autumn and national holidays.
However, as the beer season approaches, market investment in the beer industry as a whole is likely to cool down. Given the higher level of valuation, we expect short-term stock prices for green beverages to be under pressure.
Channels and product structure improvements continue to drive up average unit prices: the sales of 2q23 brands of green beverages grew by 5.4% more than other brands. The sales of products above the middle and high end under the main brands recorded an increase of 18.6% compared to 11.6% above 1q23, although the bells are not fully available this year.
National price increases, but with the help of improved channels and product structure, average sales of 1h23 are still growing by 5.3%. We believe that the negative impact of short-term bad weather on the sale of green beverages may have resulted in an increase in average sales of 2h23 unit prices.
• The expansion of operating margins in the second half of the year may be narrow: the cost of 1 h23 tons of beer in Qingjia increased by 3.4% compared to 3.4% (1 q23 growth by 4.0% and 2q23 growth by 2.3%) higher than that in Huayun and Chongqing. With the liberalization of the Australian barley “double-reverse policy” management expects to do so in the second half of the year.
Cost pressures will ease. We believe that the liberalization of the "double inverse" will benefit the price of barley next year, but it will have little impact on the cost of 2h23. We predict a 2% increase in the cost of 2h23 tons per year. And, driven by continued optimization of the product structure, we predict a ratio of 2h23 Māori.
1.6 ppt. However, in the second half of last year, the company, under the pressure of the epidemic, significantly reduced sales, increased its investment in brands and channels to capture the market share of the available drinking channels, and the sales cost ratio would have rebounded. So, we predict that the profit margin for the core business of 2h23 is just a small increase.
By the first half of the year, the better profit margin performance and future cost of raw materials are expected to fall, and our valuation of v/ebitda (a is more liquid than the Hong Kong stock, and therefore slightly higher than the Chinese stock) is lower. We continue to believe that the Green Bay stock has a stronger value for money than a share.
In March, the average amount (million RMB) was paid as a “rating” and a share as a “holding” rating.
Financial statement analysis and projections - Qingdao beer e = silver-free international forecast
Pilgrim International, Pilgrim International, Spob International, Pilgrim International, Spir International.
Prospective and pessimistic scenarios: corporate incomes and profit margins are not growing as expected.
Optimism: Corporate income and profitability are growing better than expected.
(600600.ch) Pessimistic scenario: corporate income and profit rates are growing less than expected
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipients of the report expressed and assured their entitlement to this report under the following conditions, and agreed to accept it.
Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is based on the production of group information and other publicly available information by the Card Corps-Phoshi International Securities Co. Ltd., which engages in activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) in the first category (Systems Trading) and in the fourth category (Providing an Opinion on Securities).
This report is not intended to be an offer or offer for the purchase or sale of any securities or related financial instruments. You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive matter for legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
The information and comments in this report are made on a date indicated in the document, may be modified without notice, and may not necessarily be updated to reflect the progress that has taken place since the date of the document. The report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely make investments, withdrawals or other investments based on the information in this report.
In addition to the historical data presentation, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and be limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Sing International Securities.
The Division (collectively "Pulang International") and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or in the companies concerned and may from time to time buy and sell.