• Focus on the main aviation industry, engine demand release timetable Industry classification: F-FDTL workers
The net return to the mother was $360 million, an increase of 125.92 per cent over the same period in the previous year; a basic gain of $0.16 per share, with a greater focus on aviation ownership and better management to improve profitability. During the reporting period, the company ' s main business received $8,114 million, an increase of 5.54 per cent, of which the aviation engine and derivatives earned 68.2 per cent.
The ratio increased further, while also actively optimizing management and improving financial structures and enhancing profitability. During the period, the costs of corporate sales, management and finance were reduced by 13.21 per cent, 12.88 per cent and 53.77 per cent, respectively, compared to the same period in the previous year.
In addition, three major subsidiaries of the company, Dawn, South, and Leyang, have continued to grow in demand for downstream military aircraft, and the company is expected to grow steadily throughout the year. Aviation equipment has accelerated and engine maintenance needs are released for a period of time.
The gap between high-performance fighter jets is even more marked, and the demand for military aircraft is expected to accelerate in mid-13th. The company is the backbone of our air engine construction, with a prominent market position, and its main products include vortex-15, vortex-10 and vortex-9, which cover almost all the aircraft in active service.
As the new code matures and speeds up production, the company’s main business income will increase rapidly. Moreover, components such as empty engine blades work in complex environments, require regular maintenance and replacement, and we train more frequently.
As air engine holdings increase and insurance coverage increases, the post-sale maintenance sector is also expected to become an important revenue growth point for companies.
Figure 2: Monthly net profits from the company (millions of yuan) and rate of increase (%): Figure 3: Biannual payments from the company (millions) Figure 4: Composition of the main business (millions)