On August 28, the launcher published the 2018 semi-annual report. The company achieved business income during the reporting period.
8.12 billion yuan, an increase of 5.83 per cent over the same period in the previous year; $360 million in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 125.92 per cent over the same period in the previous year, resulting in rapid growth; deductions from shareholders in listed companies; State support for improved performance of downstream demand in financial structures
In the reporting period, the company continued to focus on the main aviation engine industry, which generated revenues of $6,820 million, an increase of 14.58%, representing a share of total operating income.
Funds have reduced the level of corporate indebtedness and have effectively improved the financial structure of the company. During the reporting period, the cost of corporate finance fell by $178 million over the same period, by 53.77 per cent, and the financial burden decreased by up to 52 weeks of the company ' s highest/minimum price.
At the same time, with the rapid upgrading of our aviation equipment requirements, the technological maturity of our home-grown aviation engines, and the dual role of new equipment and import substitution, companies have a strong downstream demand, with a net market rate of pb.
The policy fosters a promising future for the future of the market, and air engines are the main target of the upgrading of the country’s high-end manufacturing industry.
The implementation of the major national air engine and gas turbines has begun, and the relevant funds have been put in place to further reduce the corporate burden and promote corporate development. We have a strong market demand for air power and a strong civil engine, based on Boeing '2017.
Foresight, the number of single-channel aircraft required by the Chinese market in the future will exceed 5,000, and the size of the Chinese air market in the future will exceed the size of the United States and Europe in 20 years, bringing in more than 10,000 aviation engines.
For the time being, our civil aviation engines are heavily dependent on imports, and the existing civil aviation engines are products of the United States cfm, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, and the United Kingdom, Rolls Royce, and there is much that can be done to import them in the future. With regard to military use, air power is the focus of our current military modernization, with no less than a minimum.
The market space of 2000. The company’s future market is very promising, and it has five floors of the world’s air engine, the city’s largest city, with its own qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consultancy, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, direct or indirect disclosure of company-related information as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
(a) In the six-month period following the reporting date, the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index was defined as follows:
Underweight: Industry is weaker than overall market performance.