A 126 per cent increase in the net return to the mother, and an increase in real control confidence, increased by 5.83 per cent, and a net return to the mother of $360 million, an increase of 125.92 per cent over the same period.A significant improvement in performance was driven by a decline in the volume of military supplies and the cost of the period, with steady growth expected throughout the year
In the first half of \triangleright 2018, the company achieved a net return profit of 360 million yuan, an increase of 125.92 per cent over the same period. We believe that the growth in performance comes mainly from two sources: first, the core major aviation engines and derivatives, which generate revenues of 6.82 billion yuan.
Of this amount, the financial cost was $153 million, a significant decrease of 53.77 per cent. In 2018, the Air Force Air Force was largely transformed from a “diploma” to a “base-troop” and vortex 10b successfully developed, followed by a successful roll-out of new models, an increase in military training and a steady increase in company performance throughout the year.
Military Aerial Engine Manufacturing Platform, with wide market space, \triangleright is the backbone of our aviation engine industry, with all kinds of vortex, vortex, vortex, vortex, pistons.
According to Chinese intelligence, the total demand for our air engine and gas turbine market for 2014-2033 is over 2 trillion yuan, including 1.5 trillion yuan for civilian flights, 800 billion yuan for military flights and 530 billion yuan for gas turbines.
The market space is wide. The company, as a domestic engine manufacturing platform, is expected to develop in the future.
On that day, China has accumulated an additional 4.47 million shares in the company, amounting to $100.19 million. The company, which accounts for the company's total share capital, is a domestic platform for the manufacture of military aviation engines and benefits from the gradual build-up of future military aircraft. We value the company's 45x, 37x and 30x, with a “recommended” rating.
The rate of assembly of military aircraft was lower than expected; government support was lower than expected.1 The Summary Report on the Dynamics of Navigation (600893), which shows a high year-round growth in military stock, is expected to be achieved
Summary of forecasts of company financial statements: Chenlong, Head of the Military Industry Group, Doctorate in Military Organization of the Military Academy of Sciences, Master of Military Communication, Defence Science and Technology University, 14 years of military service, former platoon leader, company commander, training officer, research assistant, April 2015 joined the Allied Democratic Securities Institute to conduct research in the military industry.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.