The top-down confirmed that chemical engineering leads sailing. 1. Chemical engineering national team. The top-up is our chemical engineering national team, the main chemical, petrochemical, coal, ring.
Design and epc in the fields of insurance, electricity, infrastructure, and so on, ranked 38th out of 250 global contractors selected by the United States enr in 2017. The company started making a continuous positive move in 2012 and is expected to reach $11 billion in 2018, an all-time high, driving the industry.
2. The new production cycle is expected to open over the next three years, with companies taking the lead in benefiting from total equity/flow (millions of shares) and international oil prices continuing to rebound to the oil price era of $60-$80 in 2016, compounding the supply side
Total market value/flow (millions of yuan)
The release of the new and old kinetic energy conversion project indicates that the new energy cycle is expected to start and that it will peak in 2018-2020, with a total investment expected to reach hundreds of billions of yuan, plus global China Chemical (601117).
Economic recovery benefits from overseas orders, and the company will be the first to benefit from the project as a leader. Chemicals, chemistry, are expected to be evaluated at the May business briefing point: receipts and new orders, petrochemicals, coal industry investments will maintain a high profile, and companies will focus on environmental protection and foundations in the future.
China Chemical (601117) China 3. Significant impairments, significant improvements in asset quality, future cash cow.
In addition, there is a clear trend towards a “buy-in” of poor assets, which, in conjunction with the current order structure, has been significantly optimized to provide a sound basis for the re-entry of new journeys, China Chemistry (601117) and China Chemistry (601117)
The company ' s cash balance at the end of 2017 amounted to $21,619 million, which is the highest since it was placed on the market. In addition, the business briefing points were evaluated: orders were raised, performance was good, Jiangsu Quandong and Sichuan pta projects were withdrawn, and there will be little capital expenditure in the future.
During the growth period, the maintenance of the “buy-in” model - 2018/03/13 - will drive the company to become a cash cow, with net cash on the company's books expected to be equal to the current market value by 2022.
4. Profit forecasts and ratings Maintenance of a 25 per cent compound annual increase and significant improvement in the quality of assets after significant impairments, confirmed to the public
Performance points confirm that chemical engineering leads sailing I, Engineering National Team I, Chemical Industry Leader, China Chemical Engineering Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “China Chemistry” or “Communities”) was established in September 2008
In January, the China Chemical Engineering Group was the lead sponsor (92 per cent of the original shareholdings) and the United Shunhua Group was limited