Incident: On the evening of 23 August, the company published its semi-annual 2024 report, and 2024h1 realized operating income from the New Olympics shares (600803.sh) and the 2024h1 company ' s core profits fell mainly from the q1 Port Q1 share of the New Olympics energy wholesaled overseas trade
The impact of the loss of profit in business. q2 Retail gas volume is further repaired, and under the gas source purchase price practice number: s150052270001 The collapse plus price continues to increase, and the price differentials continue to improve, and the company expands its direct sales business.
To achieve a higher volume of direct sales and to jointly promote a significant increase in the company ' s q2 core profit ring ratio. 1) Retail gas: Retail gas volume has been continuously repaired and the price differential has improved further. 2024h1 company retail gas sales of 12.710 billion, an increase of 4.5%.
The difference in public gas prices has improved with the further decline in the prices of market-based sources of gas since this year, as well as the continuation of downstream favourable prices.
The rapid expansion of the gas market, which benefited from falling gas prices, falling import gas growth, supply from the China Petroleum Association and domestic downstream platforms, resulted in the realization of a domestic exchange volume of 1,741 million by 2024h1 and a contraction in international trade operations by the same company as the fall in international gas prices by 2024h1 internationally.
In terms of receiving stations, 2024h1 company canyon lng received 1.02 million tons, an increase of 14.6 per cent over the same period. 412, 4 low-carbon parks, 90 low-carbon buildings, and 412.
Sunda Securities Inc. 201 factories with 36 general energy projects completed and operational, cumulatively shipped to Transcuritiesco., Ltd.
Three hundred and twenty-two projects are under construction, and another 72 are under construction, and in the year of the construction and delivery of the project, the 127 Golden Building on the west side of the city of Beijing, which is located on the west side of the city, has a capacity of 57.4 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh).
\triangleright improves, super-sale gas repairs, companies are expected to increase their retail gas profits; platform trading gas is expected to grow at a high rate as domestic downstream customers expand rapidly.
The opening of a national price-conservancy policy is expected to lead to reasonable and stable price differentials for urban combustion companies, energy transitions, a moderate increase in the volume of gas sold and a steady increase in the retail gas industry of companies, and company parity with the gradual release of offshore low-priced COA gas sources from upstream in 2025-2028 and the rapid expansion of downstream markets.
In terms of upstream gas-source costs, oil pipeline gas prices were flat in the middle of the 2024-2025 contract year.
In terms of downstream sales prices, some of our provinces and cities in 2022-2023 have improved and improved their prices from 2022 to 2023.
In 2024, we expect more cities to start a gas-consumption mechanism that can channel the company’s rising cost of gas purchases and drive the company’s gross margin to repair it further. In terms of gas sales, the downward trend in upstream gas prices, the recovery of the economy, and the “double carbon” transformation drive.
Under this, domestic gas consumption is expected to increase steadily, as companies, as one of the five major national urban combustion companies, were affected by marketing strategies in 2023, and the volume of retail gas was expected to increase in 2024 as the public administration adjusted its marketing strategy and increased its cost and price competitiveness.
High-growth. By 2023, the company had signed nine foreign ministers' agreements with overseas lang suppliers, with a total contract volume of 10.16 million tonnes/year, with a total of 7.4 million tonnes/year for the United States ng supplier.
At the same time, the company is in the process of expanding the canoe lng receiving station to match the large increase in the future. The canoe is currently handling 7.5 million tons per year, with the capacity in 2025.
It is expected to rise to 10 million tonnes/year. 3) Three-year red forward commitment plus special distribution plan, with a significant increase in the firm’s value of high dividends. The company attaches great importance to shareholder returns, based on the New Olympic shares for the next three years (2023-2025).
(annual) Shareholder Red Dividends Plan, where companies allocate cash dividends at a constant annual increase over the next three years Profit forecasting and rating: New Olympic shares have a full-chain advantage in natural gas that helps to withstand fluctuations in gas prices and sustain steady and robust growth in profits.
We are risk factors: the country's economy is falling sharply and gas consumption is increasing at a slower rate than expected; and the receiving stations are located.
Lower-than-expected progress in construction of the project; lower-than-expected domestic gas prices; combined energy sales; Dr. Zing Ming, registered consulting (investment) engineer, deputy general manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, member of the China Geological Minerals and Economics Society, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's expert bank, member of the China Price Association's coal price ad hoc committee and former coal worker in China
The Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of industry associations (chaired by the Director-General) has been involved in research and consultancy in coal and energy-related fields for more than a decade. He has chaired the 13th Five-Year National Project for Coal Survey and Development, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy. He is responsible for research in the coal sector.
Li Chunzi, cfa, cpa, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, Bachelor of Finance, Nanjing University, formerly Coal Economics and Finance Research Institute, and Doctor of Mining, Senior Engineer, Chinese University of Mines (Beijing), former Minister of Investment and Investment in Secondary Sub-enterprises of the China Coal Industry Group, who worked for many years in coal mining production, technology management of coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations, 2022
Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Central and Professional Committee of the China Society of Environmental Sciences on carbon peaks. He was an expert, assistant to the Director of the China Institute for Research and Technology on the petrochemical economy and led research on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China Energy Outlook 2060.
In March 2023, he joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the area of large energy sources and research in the petrochemical sector.
Qin Ho, Master of Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States of America, Bachelor of Arts in Electrical Engineering and its Automation, Tianjin University, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity marketing reform, applied research in virtual power plants, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the electricity sector.
In July 2022, he joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the coal and electricity sectors. He joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, Southwest. Joined the Sunda Securities Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical industry. Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong. Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology. Joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022.
Lee Young, cpa, Master of Accounting, Esen University of Economics and Management, Germany, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in September 2022 for research on coal and coal mineral intelligence, Li Dung, Master of Architecture, University of Southern California, January 2023 for research on coal.
Tang Jiyu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.