One of the reports in the Europa Homes (603833) series:
Founded in 1992, the company was the country's first to engage in domestic activities.
The textile industry has developed into a multi-brand operation strategy.
In combination with industry trends, I have a strong brand profile and reputation. The Rolle masters believe that the Europeans will continue to nurture new growth points in terms of product expansion and channel innovation in the future.
The cards remain the first in successive industries for many years, and other sub-products are well positioned to meet the needs of consumer diversity and are mutually reinforcing.
The diversification of channels has become the subject of the development of the home-based industry.
The diversification of the channels involves the redistribution of value in the industrial chain between real estate, home-dressing, and furniture businesses, affecting the future shape of the custom-based home sector.
Effects. From the experience of Europe and the United States, we are expected to reach 80% penetration in the future, replacing the furry house as a form of mainstream home delivery. Industry characteristics dictate that the market is more concentrated at the end of the home than at the end of the home.
Some furniture companies are able to do so by empowering their home companies, developing their garment companies, or turning them around.
The purpose is to take control of the whole of the whole market, and to import its own products. We believe that: 1) full-scale firms with a high proportion of their own production are better able to produce their own products. 2) The forward-looking layout takes advantage of the resources of high-quality companies, and the company will hold it first.
The retail market remains the cornerstone of the custom-based enterprise, supported by the long-term demand for renovations. In this channel, small and medium-sized enterprises with weak channels and low profitability will eventually withdraw from the market and the share of the head business market is expected to rise gradually.
Dealing with competition, defending the interests of distributors, and consolidating brand image. We believe that having access to high-quality dealers’ resources, and the management system of distributors (including benefit allocation mechanisms, etc.) will continue to be a source of financial prosperity in the East.
One of the reports in the East Hing Stockhouse 603833 series: In a changing flow portal, the head of a family that continues to break down and the industrial and recovery effects of the epidemic are occurring. Central Europe’s epidemic is taking the lead, maintaining the pace of expansion, and preparing for the renewal of furniture consumption and the completion of the heating cycle.
While the epidemic has hit small and medium-sized enterprises more strongly, the head business has responded positively and well, and the market share continues to rise. Profit predictions and investment proposals: we see the company’s ability to get a higher share of the market in the changing flow of the furniture industry through all channels, as we see it.
The source of financial prosperity in the East Click here to enter text.
One of the reports in this series is: In the change of the flow entrance, the head of the family, which continues to break down, the bright spots of the report are: In recent years, engineering channels have been growing rapidly, assembly channels have gradually emerged, and custom furniture channels have gradually become more diversified from a single distribution to a single distribution. As the leader of the current custom-based household industry, can European households manage the changes at the end of the channel and continue to grow?
As part of a series of reports focusing on current trends in engineering, dress-up, and traditional distribution channels. In the second report, we will focus on European competitiveness in channel change.
The Ministry was established in 1994 in Guangzhou to design, develop, produce, sell and install customized home-based products, and officially landed on the market in 2017.
In 2018, the company broke 10 billion and is still the only one with a billion-dollar household. Figure 1: Europa’s development process, 1.2 performance growth, and product channels expanded smoothly.
Corporate income and net profit performance were excellent, with a certain degree of growth out of the cycle. Companies ' operating income grew gradually over the last five years, reaching 23.29% in cagr5 and 13.33 billion yuan in 2019. On net profits, compound growth was faster than at the end of income in five years, reaching 36.72% in cagr, of which $1.839 billion was earned in 2019.
With the increase in the Māori rate and the rapid release of profits, compound profits are growing faster than harvests.
One of the reports in the Parliamentary Homes (603833) series is that, in the course of changes in the flow entrances, the front-loading of front-line households has continued to develop with multiple-channel multi-channels, and companies have broken down. By category, in 2019, the company’s closets, closets, wooden doors, guard baths, and other main camps received 46%, 38%, 4%, 5%, and 6% of the total.
In terms of channels, companies use a combination of sales that is dominated by dealers, supported by bulk, direct and export sales. In 2019, companies accounted for 3%, 79%, 16%, and 2% of the total.
1.3 Future trends, the complementarity of goods and channels towards “one house”, the integration of industry trends and consumer demand for goods, we believe that the Europeans will continue to develop new growth points in the future in terms of product expansion and channel innovation, and that both are mutually reinforcing.
In the long run, the stock market will crush the new housing market to become a larger market. The flow of domestic outlets is expected to outpace traditional distribution channels, and European households are actively exploring new models in their own homes, depending on product and cost-control capabilities.
In terms of product categories, companies have an absolute advantage in cabinets, relying on a combination of channels to open markets in the closet area, while closet connections provide a product base for companies to adopt new models in new outlets. Companies will continue to have larger markets in future in closets (including other custom classifications), as well as in bath products.
Figure 6: The development path for Europa Homes 2. Channel variable: Short-term consummation is a catch, long-term search for dressing is the direction
In the context of improved house penetration and the emergence of fashion models, the diversification of channels has become the subject of the development of the custom-based home sector. Construction channels, dominated by households, have developed rapidly as a result of the spread of fine houses, while the retail market is capturing the flow of traditional retail outlets.
Redistribution between firms affects the future shape of the customized home sector. Engineering channels, together with fittings, may become the main conduit for customized home businesses.
Consumers have always called for the convenience of one-stop renovations; if the fashion model matures, these renovations will be required mainly through the preparation of the East's financial and intellectual boom, one of the reports in the series (603833): the head of the family, which continues to break down in the changing flow entrances.
Given the level of urbanization and population growth, the number of homes is increasing or will gradually decrease, the demand for new homes is decreasing, and the demand for renovations is increasing. The custom-based household sector will form a structure of channels that will be largely made up of plastics and engineering channels.
Customized home businesses need to continue to consolidate their traditional channels as the cornerstone of their own development. The current demand for renovations has not yet been released centrally, with new buildings still occupying a higher share; and the penetration rate of fine houses has yet to be raised, and the fashion model is more likely to take time to complete consumer education and testing. However, in moving towards the long-term end of business patterns, traditional channels will remain the backbone of customized home businesses for a longer period of time, and will be the backbone of the company’s brand image.
The successful transformation of custom-based firms requires a balance between traditional and emerging channels. The current rapid growth in the engineering market has attracted a large number of customized firms, as well as a large number of competitors in the garment industry and other industries, competing for a pre-eminence.
Table 2: Measurement of the number of homes in need of renovation by custom of residence (in thousands)
2.1.1 The penetration rate of well-suited houses has been increasing, and head-to-head home-to-house firms have continued to be competitive in the b-end market, increasing the penetration rate of well-suited houses and stimulating demand for custom-made home-to-house engineering channels. Thanks to the construction industry development 13th Five-Year Plan and local policies, and the needs of real-estate firms for their own interests, the penetration rate has been rising in recent years, reaching more than 30% in 2020.
In the future, 80% of the home penetration is expected to replace the house as the main form of home delivery. In the project, custom-made furniture is usually purchased centrally by real estate firms.
Industrial characteristics determine that custom-based households are still more competitive in the b-end market. Compared to longer competition patterns at the end of the c-end, there are fewer competitors in engineering channels and a limited number of manufacturers on the list of qualified suppliers of real estate enterprises. This is mainly due to differences in competition factors at the end of b- and end-c-side, as well as to the supplier policies of real estate enterprises.
One of the reports in the European Homes 603833 series: the head of a family that's constantly breaking down in the course of a change in the flow entrance.
The decision-making of real estate enterprises is based on a more comprehensive and transparent examination of suppliers than is the case with consumers affected by branding marketing, door-to-door acquisition and individualized design. Often, only head-to-head manufacturers are qualified to become qualified suppliers - real estate firms are more demanding on suppliers' product quality, brand image needs to match their own products; in terms of business efficiency improvements, real estate enterprises are concerned with timely delivery, multiple deliveries, etc.
In the long run, real estate firms tend to work with stable suppliers to promote the scaling of production to reduce costs, and to evolve into production and management, thereby optimizing the upstream and downstream supply chains of real estate enterprises.
Figure 12: The main concern of real estate enterprises with suppliers The traditional head-to-head custom-based enterprise will continue to emerge through engineering channels. Small and medium-sized manufacturers are excluded from the list of qualified suppliers because of the lack of product quality, production delivery capacity, etc.
In the long run, top producers are better at manufacturing power, finance, etc., and are expected to continue to lead the industry in the b end market; c) canals.
The advantage is no longer apparent at the end of b, with the share of second-line and leading firms in the end of b markets falling short or smaller than the end of c. Figure 13: Retail and bulk revenue from major furniture companies in 2019 (millions of yuan) Figure 14: Large-scale increases in major furniture companies
2.1.2 In the long run, the profitability of large-scale operations and the risk of repayment are controlled and the scale effects are compounded, and the profitability of large-scale operations is not necessarily weaker than that of retail operations.
In terms of production efficiency, large-scale operations are more likely to have a scale effect in terms of production than retail outlets. In order to meet consumer preferences, custom-made home-based firms have a more variable product style towards end-c, while end-b product systems can be simpler. As household patterns move towards standardization, there is a higher degree of standardization, such as the size of the cabinets.
In the case of custom-made home-based businesses, the Māori rate for European and Chi States’ engineering channels is not significantly lower than that for distributors. In terms of costs, large businesses have saved advertising and promotion costs, which account for a larger share of sales costs, compared to retail outlets.
In contrast to the system of “prior payments” for custom-based retail operations, a large business account period of six months is generally possible, and the issue of contributions is more apparent. For those clients whose unit prices are higher, whose accounts are longer, or whose return risks are relatively high, the home-based enterprise has developed a system of “front payments” for agents, who undertake follow-up installation work and receive repayments from downstream customers.
Under the engineering agent system, the Māori rate for large-scale operations may be relatively low, but it has also resulted in savings in installation costs and improved liquidity efficiency.
East Hing Securities Insight Report, one of the reports in the 603833 series: In the course of changing flow entrances, the head of the house, which continues to break down, is 2.2.
2.2.1 Changes in consumer habits and the development of the plastics model driven by the pain spots in the domestic industry are similar to the traditional “full-pack” fit-out model, which refers to one-stop fit-out models designed by home-loading companies, the procurement of main support materials, construction, but generally has more standardized features: (1) the offer is simpler, for example, by area of renovation; and (2) the content of the package is more standardized.
For higher: (3) there are more fixed suppliers of primary assistive materials. Figure 17: Examples of the contents of the whole package. Figure 19: Examples of brand names of the whole package
With good material, great industry skills, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Consumers need to weigh the costs, personal design, and economy when choosing fit-out patterns. In the past, consumers used to focus on controlling fit-out costs because of the lack of transparency in the prices offered by domestic companies, mainly opting for a “half-pack” model of self-supporting purchases of staple materials.
In 2019, 64.3% of home-dressing consumers chose the full-pack model. More transparent fashion models are increasingly favoured.
This is partly due to the low concentration of the domestic garment industry and the low level of profit space. The whole-package model addresses this problem in part by building a more permanent supplier procurement relationship (including f2c procurement) by enhancing product standards.
2.2.2 Customized home companies are faced with diversions of channels, exploration of layouts, distribution of furniture doorways, customizing of home businesses, exploration of layout channels. In costume models, consumers complete the purchase of furniture in a package provided by a home-based company, while the choice of branding of furniture is set by a home-dressing company.
The Division’s leverage and bargaining power have been weakened, and channels for layout have been explored. The custom-made home layout channels currently have three main models: the 2b model, the self-employment model, the enabling model, the 2b model: the furniture enterprise or its distributors work with the appliance firm to provide customized home products and related services, for example, Sofia, Sofia, Sofia,
(b) Self-employment model: furniture companies build up brands and run all the components of the cleaning business on their own, with the typical example of the “Christmas bird-packing model” of the home: in addition to providing support for custom home brands, products and services, furniture companies also provide the main support supply chain, ii support to the assembly company
Examples include the “homkoo” of Euro-based “seals” and the “homkoo” of cultural buildings, in which Euro-based homes work mainly directly with front-loading companies in various parts of the country, which use mainly cloud dressing as a supply chain and information technology platform to attract suitors to join their membership.
The whole suit has evolved, the business model has not yet been defined, and the different models have some significance for the different enterprise layout channels. (1) The focus of business operations under model 2b remains on brands, products and services of the original product category, with the easier way to go: but relatively, mode 2b has less control over the flow entrance, limited bargaining power, and is vulnerable to attacks by competitors; and assemblers and furniture companies.
Industry cooperation may be limited to niches, with limited implications for multi-product development. (2) The self-employment model is more related to home-dressing operations that are not otherwise familiar to home-based enterprises, and it is the most difficult to operate; the self-employment model is still largely used as an aid to help custom-based enterprises to improve understanding and accumulation of experience in the garment industry.
(3) Customized home enterprises under the enabling model can work more quickly with a larger number of assemblers and have relatively greater control over the flow entrance; however, their success depends on the ability of custom furniture firms to provide substantial empowerment to the build-up of the size of the enterprise, its ability to operate and its fashion model.
Table 4: Different patterns of custom-made home-to-business layout channels
Figure 20: Multiple custom home companies explore self-built build-up channels. 2.2.3 Customized home-based enterprise enabling models are expected to create a leader in the plastics industry. The supply chain is key to the location of the plastics business.
The complexity of loading is more complex than the previous semi-package model. In design, the whole fit-out product needs to be harmonized and include specific furniture design elements such as home-wide custom product design; from procurement to installation, the fit-out enterprise needs to be able to select a supplier that is price-friendly and capable of delivering, and an information system needs to coordinate the entire process.
To some extent, the whole supply chain problem shapes the industry, giving rise to different business models. Some of the leading firms (and real estate, home-based, home-sales) are strong and able to build the supply chain on their own; most of them are constrained by supply chain problems, and it is more difficult to transform the garment business, which gives rise to a custom home-based business-enabling model (Europeans, homkoo, gold medals, etc.), as well as a wholesome supply.
In the context of the enabling model of the East's financial and intellectual boom, powerful head-to-head custom firms work with many home-to-house firms to become integrated suppliers of staple materials through the advantage of scale.
Customized furniture products are a major focus and challenge in the packaging business, requiring corresponding capacity in the design, marketing, and installation services, and their integration is relatively difficult for most of these firms.
Design, manufacturing, and service capabilities are strong, along with branding and marketing training, to lay the foundation for their combined home-to-house and continuous improvement of the supply chain. Custom-to-house packaging is expected to expand rapidly and become an important force in the industry.
Competition in the industry, and also in the face of branding companies and other industries. We believe that dressmaking is not yet a solution to all of the pains of the business model, such as the cost of diversion and the cost of door-to-door expansion, so that there is no short-term situation in the dress-to-house industry where a number of head-to-head companies are unique. By empowering home-to-house firms to integrate home-to-house models, they are more capable of expansion, and they are expected to work with leading firms and others.
3. Traditional channels: the fundamentals of the road to change, and the sustained consolidation of the 3.1 distribution channels are the cornerstone of the consolidation of brand image and the development of other lines of business for the company.
The retail market is still home to custom-based firms, and the long-term scale is supported by the need for renovations. We believe that channels are weak and profitable.
Thus, in the face of a highly competitive retail market, furniture firms should actively respond to competition, defend the interests of distributors, and strengthen brand image. When the penetration rate of a well-suited house is near the end of the small flower, and the dividends of a large business are nearing completion, the retail market will return to the centre of the furniture business.
3.2 Quality distributor resources and up-to-date marketing management are the backbone of the consolidation of distribution channels, and we believe that custom-based firms can consolidate distribution channels by: (1) promoting multi-goods development on an ongoing basis and helping distributors to build new growth points.
But, driven by house-wide customizations and popular trends, the furniture industry, with the brand power of its niches, promotes multi-species linkages, marketing, boosting the ability of people to live in products and marketing, and new products tend to grow rapidly. (2) Sustained support for distributors, opening up empty markets, and exploring new and emerging forms of door-to-doors.
In addition, in the face of the tendency of traditional vendors to move to different consumption sites, some furniture firms have tried to explore various forms of marketing malls, community shops, etc., to increase the number of contact points.
As online shopping spreads, electronics platforms, etc., become important entry points for businesses. Furniture companies, through new forms of marketing, such as live broadcasts, increase consumer awareness of brand names, and grant concessions, etc.
The company organises electrical activities to attract distributors, which can be “four or two kilograms” with a smaller burden on distributors. (4) perfects the cross-channel balance of interests mechanism. While custom-based firms can consolidate distributors by a variety of means, they are confronted with a large volume of business.
The diversion of shocks and scavenging channels, and the possibility of traditional distributors still facing a decline in income and profit margins, can create resistance. Customized households can better consolidate the fundamentals by designing cross-channel balance mechanisms that allow distributors to share the dividends of the company’s multi-channel development.
The impact of the epidemic has seriously affected the consumption of furniture in the under-line shop. But the consumption of furniture is more rigid, and consumer demand for furnishings may be delayed, but it will not disappear.
In terms of income, head-to-head firms have recovered rapidly and their share of the market has increased. The epidemic has hit small and medium-sized enterprises more, while head-to-head businesses are operating more robustly and their share of the market continues to increase.
On the front, the epidemic did not affect the continued expansion of the head shop, setting the stage for subsequent growth. In view of the trend toward completion of the property, the housing sector continued to grow at a faster pace in 2016-2019, but was affected by the high turnover strategy of the housing sector, the process between the start-up and the completion of the construction had been prolonged, and the pace of completion had declined significantly since 2017, with negative growth.
Closely, the pace of home completion began in the second half of 2019, but the process was interrupted by the epidemic, and it is expected that it will be completed again in 2021. Completion is expected to last for a period of 1-2 years, and will drive the need for renovations and boost the sale of custom-made homes.
The source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom.
Liu Tanda, research assistant brief, Changja Kit.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
One of the reports of the Europa Homes (603833) series: In a change in the flow entrance, the head of the house, who continues to break down, does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to be objective and impartial in the content of the report, but the points of view and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.