A summary of the 2020h1 report: the rules have been established and there is more room for home ownership in Europe (603833.sh).
2021 looks more like a center city with a long triangle in mind.
8.7% growth in real estate under shock Annual inventory: 2020 housing deals are clearly structured, highly competent, and cities have a pre-emptive advantage.
In the short term, as the construction warms up, we expect to customize in 2021 the industry study: Why would Changsha become a model for national learning?
In the long run, companies are ahead of the competition in branding, product expansion, and traffic entry slots.
Business studies: "Big," reset, and look at green cities as rivals. As the concentration of the industry rises, the future growth of the company will continue to rise.
I. STRENGTHENING THE BUSINESS BUSINESS, STRENGTHENING THE CLOSURE OF THE BUSINESS, AND THE REST OF THE COORDINATION, AND THE COORDINATION OF THE COORDINATION, AND THE COORDINATION OF THE COORDINATION,
In 2020, affected by the epidemic, there was a negative growth in revenue from cabinet operations. In the future, cabinet operations may be expected to take on more brand support and leverage other products, and companies will be more dependent on their growth in operating income.
In the case of the closet business, with the rise of bulk, dressing, and so on, it's traditional.
Retail channels have been diverted, and the industry has moved from the former reliance on the opening of shops to an era of more ww18705580201 (microsigns) as an emphasis on operational capabilities.
In general, single-store revenue in closet operations grew at a short rate in 2018.
After the temporary downturn, the rebound led to a significant increase in the company’s closet business revenues, which became the company’s main performance growth point.
With the gradual increase in the proportion of improvements completed during the year, the bulk of business lines are summarized in the 2020h1 report: rules are in place and more space is available for housing enterprises 14/12/12/12/12/12/12/12/12/Add.1.
By December 2020, the monthly figure was 17.4 trillion, with 8.7 per cent growth in real estate in the face of the epidemic.
There is a growing importance of the Shanghai billion-Hand Business Consulting Corporation. European households are also actively working with real estate providers to do large-scale business.
While the advantages of brands and capacity are more abundant and relatively obvious, the firm, from a sound business perspective, is relatively cautious about cooperation with developers, and the overall bulk business is growing at a slower pace than competitions like Sofia, or
To better respond to the changes in the market, the Europeans proposed in 2018 a business model of “cleaning up”: direct selection and large local scales and slogans.
Better-quality home-loading companies work together to develop a home-dressing company into a new flow entrance to the company. In addition, the fashion model allows the company to attract lower-yielding products, such as wooden doors, sanitary baths, etc., and is conducive to full product expansion and improvement.
The company's unit price. As the technology-side information development is gradually improved and the distributor's interests are further tied, the company's cleaning business is booming, operating income is being collected, looking ahead, and as the construction is warming, the custom-made home business is going to be in the short term.
As the leader of a customized home-based enterprise, the Euroland home is expected to benefit from the industry’s high profile. We expect business income to grow faster than it was before the epidemic in 2021, with overall performance sustaining high growth.
Since 2018, the custom home sector has gradually entered a new round of shuffling: on the one hand, the custom home industry marches have declined in the landscape, and the country ' s market area for goods (residentials) has risen from 1,478 million square metres to 1,549 million square metres in 2020, an increase of only 4.80 per cent in the same year, and the property dividend has virtually disappeared.
On the other hand, the rise of new channels poses a challenge to traditional retail outlets, taking over the cakes that were formerly part of the traditional distributors. As the proportion of well-suited houses rises, real-estate firms like Bien Qui Park, Heng Da, Vanko, etc., compete to go downstream.
Extended to consumers. On the other hand, there were more players, large and small, and the family was equipped with a “homkoo cloud” and started their own upholstery. Heidarwey started the “Huedhae strategy” and a househouse soon after completing the 1.2 billion yuan a round of finance announced the creation of a new brand called “nxhome”
As a whole, the overall channel has shifted from a single home-sales-based pattern to one in which traditional distributors, shops, large stores, and dressings coexist. As a result, part of the home-making industry, including the leading European family, failed to adapt in 2018 in time.
In the face of the new situation of overall diversion of channels, Europe’s homes have been active in embracing change, maintaining both sides of the agenda, overstretching existing niche retail outlets, and actively expanding new channels, providing a huge boost to firm growth.
I. Strengthening the foundations, strengthening the traditional distribution channels, which, by the end of 2020, accounted for $11,184 million, or all of them, as a result of custom-made home-based “tailored, experience-oriented” features, which has led to a long-term focus on traditional distribution channels in the home-based sector.
By the end of 2020, the company had 7154 underline dealers, and the model had an absolute advantage in a large number of custom-made furniture, nearly twice the number of which was in the second largest number of Sofias.
In the face of the impact of the rise of new channels, Europe’s priority remains to stabilize the base and consolidate the distribution channels. In order to consolidate the base, Europe’s households have undertaken a series of reforms to manage the marketing of distributors, which have somewhat eased.
End-of-service pressure, helping to release dealer profit space, and stabilizing team confidence. The main initiatives can be divided into the following two points: (1) tree confidence: Europoles take the initiative to reduce the turnover rate of distributors, stabilize the pool of agents, and give the dealer the confidence to run: (2) profit: companies untie distributors ' settlement discount coefficients, optimize the indexing of cooking and electrical appliance, reduce the number of distributors opening shops,
In early February 2020, in response to the impact of the new crown epidemic on dealers’ operations, the company announced the launch of the 2020 distributor’s “Advocacy Plan” and the launch of the largest $1 billion distributor’s subsidy program in the industry, which will be implemented in the shortest possible time.
In addition, during the epidemic, the European Group of Homes worked with the banks to provide the distributors with high-interest loans in order to get through with the distributors. In the new situation, the Europeans not only eased the requirements of the distributors to open their own shops, but also formed specialized teams to study new ways of leading and gaining customers on the line.
Through a series of combinations, Europoles try to consolidate their pre-existing retail outlets. To test the overall effectiveness of the reforms, we evaluate the quantity and quality of the channels through the number of shops and the two dimensions of single shops, so as to better observe the company’s flag.
Development of cabinets, closets, wooden doors and baths, and business development.1 The business of cabinets has grown steadily, and the number of doors has grown steadily.
In terms of the number of stores and the pace of growth, there has been a steady increase in the number of cabinets, from 2,276 in 2018 to 2407 by the end of 2020. The rate of growth in the number of doors has declined from 5.86% in 2018 to 3.13% in 2020, and the rate of openings has slowed.
We believe that the significant slowdown in the opening of cabinets may be due to the following factors: First, the nationwide layout of the cabinets is almost complete. There are 2,846 district districts (including 965 municipalities) across the country, while the Europa cabinets have reached 2407 by the end of 2020, achieving almost district-level coverage.
From the point of view of the downfall, the company’s C-city store share has reached 56.42%, is relatively stable, and the downfall of the channel is largely complete. Second, the container penetration rate has reached a high level, and the industry’s penetration dividend has declined.
To reach a higher level, the penetration rate has slowed, the marginal effects of opening a shop have diminished, and the cabinet industry is no longer an era of running around and running crazy shops. And, structurally, we have passed through the rate of new shops (number of new doors/total doors at the end of the year) and the rate of closing doors.
Overall, the rate of new and closed shops in the cabinet business has been increasing, with the rates of new and closed shops in Europa in 2018 and 5.54%, respectively, and affected by the epidemic in 2020, with the rates of new and closed shops in the Europa cabinets rising to 19.44% and 16.41%, respectively.
Rates and closing rates also reflect the increasing competition in the market, the poor success, and the “blood exchange” in distribution channels. Europe has a relatively leading advantage over other listed and custom-based firms in the closet.
While the overall number of stores has declined, we have observed a certain decline in single-stores revenue from the cabinet business in 2019. In 2020, the outbreak hit, while the turnover of the closet business grew negatively, taking into account the rate of growth.
The relatively high share of containers in the larger business portfolio, and we expect that the growth of single-stores revenue for dealers will continue to be constrained. Single-stores revenue = turnover of distributors / number of doors, despite the pressure on single-stores revenue growth in the cabinet business, the company is either a closet door shop or another custom-based enterprise.
In addition, the company’s far-reaching lead in the cabinet business is also conducive to the expansion of the company’s entire product category. The flow of other goods to the company through the closet (e.g., closets) has also led to the development of corporate business, mainly in the following areas: (1) the company’s business in the closet.
This has reached the country ' s highest level, with a strong brand recognition, which has facilitated the firm ' s smooth promotion of other products, such as baths, wooden doors, etc.; in addition, there is a higher penetration rate in cabinets, where consumers tend to more agree on custom-based homes, and where companies promote consumer awareness, education, and other custom-based household products of the promotion company (2), which are more complex than in closets, such as those involving electricity and water.
The spread from closets to closets is easier to expand than from closets to closets, as shown by the practice of product expansion in Europa and Sofia. In 2020, as a result of the epidemic, business income in the company’s closet business grew negative, with business income falling by 2.1% from the previous year, and in the short term, it is expected that revenue from the closets will recover as the market recovers gradually after the outbreak.
But in the medium term, while the company has created a series of “combined fists” to strengthen the company's pre-existing distribution channels, looking at the overall growth in single-stores revenue and the number of doors, we believe that the future growth prospects for the cabinet business are still not promising, and that the future of the cabinet business may be more supportive of branding and channeling for other types of goods.
The growth in operating income will depend more on other categories of goods.2 There has been a surge in off-the-shelf operations, with high growth in operating income.
In 2020, the turnover of the closets was $5.772 billion, and the annual growth rate of compound growth was 20.53% between 2017 and 2019, with a relatively rapid increase in the overall strength. In quantitative terms, the number of doors in the company’s closet business was rising rapidly after 2017, and it was affected by the epidemic in 2020.
The shock, the overall number of stores, has fallen into negative growth. With the rise of bulk, dress, etc., the diversion of traditional retail channels, the relative weakening of retail channels, and the expansion of the industry from the former reliance on openings to a more business-oriented one, the growth of the company’s closet business has also become more dependent on the increased ability of dealers to operate.
First, at the end of the channel, the company works actively and cooperatively to promote a packaged housing project and expands its channels.
Since cabinets are installed at the front end of the fit-out process, Europa closets take advantage of the branded edge of cabinets to cut into closets at retail end to capture part of the flow. Second, at marketing end, companies continue to innovate to optimize 19,800 sets of meals and to creatively develop “baskets”, “baskets” and “baskets” at retail end.
The "Risk Box" promotes sales by tying up closets, television cabinets, cabinets, wine cabinets, shoe cabinets, a range of products, stock grabs, eliminations, increases in unit prices, timely and effective responses to market competition, and captures market share. After a short fall in the year, the sales of closets rebounded in 2019 by 21.98 per cent, and company single-stores revenue in 2019.
With the establishment of the company’s apparel centre, improvements in future company apparel products, billings, and billings for single-stores revenue will be significant. We believe that the product strength of the packages currently tied to the closets is still relatively weak, and that there is still more room for raising the unit price of the closets.
In 2020, the company’s closet business recorded an operating income of $5.772 billion, an increase of 11.71% over the same period, and maintained a relatively high rate of growth in the face of the epidemic. Looking ahead, as the market recovers, it is expected that the closet business will continue to grow at a high rate in the short and long term, considering that the penetration rate of custom closets is still biased.
Low, there is still room for future growth, and the closet business is expected to be an important support for the company’s future growth.3 With the rapid increase in the number of shops and the rapid start-up of the wooden business, the wooden business accounts for a relatively small share of the business as a whole due to its late start.
The company has also been active in accelerating the pace of growth of the woodgate business. In particular, by reducing the cost of the terminal layout, shortening the business cycle, building a fast-forwarding model, and strengthening subsidies for shop openings, promotions, marketing, etc., the company has been promoting a compound annual growth rate of 18.87%.
In 2018, the rate of closure rose to 5.18%, while in 2019 the rate remained high at 21.42%. In 2020, the number of doors was affected by the epidemic, but still increased over the same period in 2019.
At the end of the product, the company re-engineers the product location, following the idea of “rejuvenation, value for money, large single value, strong association” and bringing in products better suited to the 80’s.
In addition, the company uses wooden doors as a flow entrance to promote the sale of matching products such as wall panels, shutters, windows, and armoured doors. In addition, the company upgraded the shop image to make it more efficient.
In general, the company’s combination boxing has yielded a certain degree of success, and the revenue from the wooden gate business has increased rapidly. Even in the extreme conditions of the 2020 epidemic, the company’s wooden gate business has performed relatively well.
In the event of a slowdown, Woodgate recorded revenues of 771 million yuan in 2020, an increase of 29.04 per cent. As the company's third best-looking class, it is expected that it will grow into a company with continued growth in the number of open businesses and investment in corporate resources in the future.
In terms of bathing, the overall share of business income is relatively low due to late entry and the fact that the technical route of bathing and the company ' s old cabinets are quite different. But as the company expands its whole range, the company ' s bathing business also progresses. In terms of the number of channels, the number of bathrooms rose from 443 in 2017 to 588 in 2020.
With regard to access, the company operates in a smooth and balanced manner through a system of brands, R & D, production, terminals, etc.
In 2020, in the face of the epidemic, companies continued to innovate in systems such as channels, designs, manufactures, product layouts, services, etc., and promoted a negative growth of 18.48 per cent in the business income of the bath industry.
ii. Cutting into wholes, bulk channels, competing for traffic entrances, with the rise of young consumers and the weakening of information asymmetries, consumer practices with respect to home-based products, buying channels are changing. Precises, power suppliers, and plastics are rapidly emerging, with retail outlets falling.
Changes in the procurement channels, the active deployment of Europa houses to take advantage of the flow entrances through such channels as plastics, electricity dealers, and so on, have made them new growth points for companies.
Since 2018, the company’s distributors have also been able to contract large amounts of business, as the distributors’ knowledge of the local market has increased and the company’s business has expanded.
There is a rapid expansion of large-scale operations, mainly through niche cabinets, where sales in 2019 accounted for 67% of the revenue from large-scale businesses. Currently, more than 20 of the top 100 companies have signed strategic cooperation agreements with the Europeans, with long-term cooperation.
In order to spread risk, companies adopt the model of engineering distributors. After the public division has entered into business orders with the engineering distributors and with large customers, the engineering distributors are required to pay the company a bond for the difference between the cost of installation and the bulk of the customer’s purchase price, which is deducted from the sale price.
In fact, it is equivalent to the Europa family transferring part of the risk of large-scale operations to the engineering dealer, who received part of the money when arranging production, and the cash flow was relatively good. At the same time, as a result of the collection and inspection results and the guarantee from the engineering dealer, the number of days of the year was 13, well below the 38 and 19 days spent by the competitor Sofia and the Mek family, the total should be.
We believe that Europe has two main advantages in large-scale business: first, the company has more cash and the liquidity is relatively strong.
The closing balance is broadly divided into progress payments, where the down payment is made and the settlement is based on installation progress, with the closing of the account period, a one- to three-month period, and a commercial bill of exchange for Chinese developers, which is likely to be extended over a longer period, often through multiple payments. Such a business places a higher demand on the cash flow of the customized home enterprise.
Now, in terms of money and cash from large-scale home-based firms listed on the market, Europe’s home-based money is far ahead of its head, and it is relatively comfortable with the pressure on cash flows when it comes to doing business. Second, the advantages of branding and production capacity give the bulk of its business a lot of strength.
In addition, the Department is still predominantly retail, and the share of large businesses remains low. As the four largest companies are fully operational, with the advantage of nationalization and large-capacity capacity, the bulk of their future business is well advanced.
The bulk of business is a double-edged sword for home-based enterprises. On the one hand, cooperation with developers can lead to large bulk customer orders, boost rapid growth in corporate business earnings, and also give some small and medium-sized home-based firms the opportunity to bend over. On the other hand, because developers have too much voice, business income tends to be a receivable and risk.
For higher firms, custom-based firms need to balance purchase orders with risk control. For European households, the growth rate of the overall bulk business is relative to the growth rate of cooperation with developers, owing to the firm’s great advantages at the retail end, its strategy of staggering the firm’s soundness, its greater focus on risk management, and its relative caution about cooperation with developers.
Later on, competitors such as Sofia and Shibang gave competitors a certain chance to bend over. With the gradual increase in the size of their rooms, the importance of large businesses will become more and more important, with caution about large businesses or, to some extent, weakening the current leading position of European households.
2. The consolidation of the flow advantage in the packaging business, and the significant simplification of the information-based process, as domestic packaging continues, has had a more pronounced impact on the flow of traditional retail outlets, with one of them acting as a front entrance with a greater diversion of the flow. In order to better respond to market changes, the Europa family was introduced in 2018.
A business model of “cleaning up”: direct selection and joint work with larger, well-known, high-quality home-to-house companies everywhere to develop home-to-house companies into new flow portals for companies. In working with home-to-house companies, Euro-to-house and local-to-home companies take what they need, and win for each other.
Companies have traditionally provided only hard-loading services, and European households have joined to fill up the puzzle of soft-loading. Moreover, European households can take advantage of their branding influence to raise the branding power of their homes and overall passenger prices.
The model has the following advantages: First, the “package-enabling” model is tantamount to transforming the company into a new distributor for the company, which is conducive to the company’s competition for the flow entrance. It is also cheaper and faster than the way that the gold mantis buys the local dress company.
Second, the plastics model is conducive to attracting lower yields for products such as wooden doors, sanitary baths, etc., and to the expansion of the company’s whole product. In terms of the overall operating pattern, the plastics program will be in Europe.
In 2019, the whole product structure of the company was 37% of woodgates, baths, and supply chain products, far higher than its traditional and mass channels of 8.32%.
The overall effect of this is to make a great deal of effort to house everyone, to diversify the product structure of the company, and to sell it mainly in two ways: the Europa cabinet, the Euphoria cabinet, the Euphoria closet, the bathroom, the wooden door, the home set, and so on.
First, through the expansion of the class, i.e., through a partial combination of the main class, bound sales, such as cabinets plus closets plus wooden doors plus guard baths; and secondly, through the combination of accessories. A typical 19,800 set of meals, including television cabinets, wine cabinets, closets, coat caps, was introduced by the Europeans in the past.
There are a series of cabinets, books, desks, clairvoyants, shoe cabinets, balcony cabinets, etc. The Europeans raise the price of the whole package by tying up and selling the accessories.
The company has made a series of adjustments to the technical differences between the plastics, the long chains involved, the high information requirements, the difficulties of coordination (2), and the conflicts of interest with the original distributors:
First, at the technology end, dynamic information is built to improve the efficiency of the process. The company, in collaboration with the caxa, the 3Ds, has a key to design, drawings, quotations, downloads, production, logistics. Caxa is now able to integrate the design, down order, the process is much more efficient, effectively reducing the coordination and communication costs of the entire process.
Second, at the end of the channel, the interests of each and every one of the distributors will be tied up, the former distributors will be reconciled and reduced by a conflict of interest with the original distributors.
(1) Sharing of benefits, the remodelling of agents to give a portion of the retail value to the original agent, so that the traditional agent can get a lot of money in one year; (2) Merchant performance will be added to the performance appraisal of the local traditional distributors. Thus, the interests of the former distributors and assemblers have been tied up and the grievances of the former distributors have been effectively plagued.
After nearly two years of development, companies have made great strides in integrating their businesses. At the marketing end, companies focus on the needs of their customers, effectively blending them with the sale of European-wide custom-made products, enabling them to upgrade from a single provider of hard-loaded services to a provider of home-based integrated solutions that quickly capture market shares.
By the end of 2020, the company had 361 fully equipped distributors and 426 shopkeepers.
1001 million yuan, a 44 per cent increase. The fashion model is better and faster. As a front-line custom firm with four major items: cabinets, closets, wooden doors, and baths, the company has a certain advantage in the design layout of the customized products and in the information-based software system, and as the packages, such as soft ones, are gradually refined, it is possible that the company will have a single customer value for the entire household.
Third, the company’s operating income is growing steadily, with its gross profit rates fluctuating, and with the rapid growth of the company’s underdressing and bulk-channel operations, the company’s operating income rises.
The company’s operating income rose from $9.710 billion in 2017 to $14.74 billion in 2020, with annualized compound growth rates showing a upward trend in gross profit margins. Overall, the gross profit margins were largely influenced by fluctuations in raw material prices, higher prices of products and corporate concessions to distributors.
Material prices went up sharply, product prices were increased by a combination of lower prices and a higher share of low Māori-rate products, resulting in a lower gross profit rate for companies than in 2016. In 2018, the gross profit rate for companies affected by the overall price rise for cabinets, closets, and closets was reduced slightly by the concession of Māori companies to distributors. In 2021, the price of raw materials continued to rise.
Continuing expansion, the scale effect has gradually emerged, production costs have been reduced, and the firm’s gross profit margin is expected to show a gradual upward trend in regulation. The advantages of European residence in cost-control are more pronounced than those of other custom-based firms, and better cost-control capabilities can enable companies to take advantage of intense market competition.
iv. Future outlook: a high view supports short-term growth, increased concentration in the industry is likely to be possible in the future, with a short-term return to the warmth of completed construction (a 27.10% increase in the cumulative completion of homes in March), the overall atmosphere of the customized home sector will remain high.
Compared to the first quarter of 2019, a decrease of 1.36% has returned to pre-epidemiological levels, and the overall climate has been better. As a result of the prevailing “high turnover” principle, housing firms have moved from the start to the completion point of 2-3 years.
The year-on-year rate of completion will be maintained at a high rate, supporting the high profile of the custom-based household sector in 2021. Europe’s head business, as a market, will benefit from the high profile of the industry. The company’s operating income for the first quarter also reached $3.300 billion, an increase of 49.8 per cent over the same period in 2019, significantly higher than the pre-epidemic level. We expect the growth in business income in 2021 to be higher than it was before the outbreak.
As a downstream sector of real estate, the household sector has moved away from the high-growth growth that it has seen in the past, and has entered a period of steady growth. The core competitiveness of home-based enterprises is derived mainly from goods, taking into account the history of home-based development.
From the current performance of Euro-based businesses, companies have taken the lead in branding, product expansion, and flow entry cards. As industry’s concentration rises, the company’s future growth can still be expected.
This report is based on publicly available information considered reliable by the GWK, which includes, but is not limited to, a wide range of channels such as corporate publicity, housing sector websites, Internet access, but which does not guarantee the complete accuracy and completeness of the information contained in it. For reasons of time and calibre, the content of this report may differ from the actual situation of the enterprise, for which the GWK is concerned, and for which the GWL is concerned.
The purpose of this report is to provide an impartial and objective response to business operations. In any event, the information or views expressed in this report do not constitute any recommendation to any institution or individual.
The information contained in this report, the tools, the opinions and the property rights of this report are in the hundreds of thousands of Han think tanks.