Europa Homes (603833) series II: Multi-species sedimentation, full-source energy, industry kings, Euroland residences.
The main point of the report is that we're in the European Homes (603833) series I: changing flow entrances, constant service providers. The company's main business is the whole kitchen and the whole.
In this report, we will focus on the trends in the furniture industry, and we will focus on customizing the whole family, such as closets, whole baths and custom wooden doors, to analyze how the Europeans have captured all channels through multi-product production and marketing of the entire industry chain.
Individualized design, R & D, production, marketing and development of pulses of products, thereby guaranteeing constant and changing advantages. Installation services. Companies own the basis for the manufacture of internationally domesticized products.
Since its inception in 1994, the Europeans have been the first to have a variety of products, with the entire cabinet leading to the development of the industry and the layout of the furniture industry. Because of the early layout of the various product types, the company has enjoyed it in the early stages of the layout.
It includes home-wide customization, closets, baths, wooden doors, walls, industrial dividends, and sufficient time to access the channel system and grind the manufacturing process. Paper, kitchen appliances, bedding, etc., form a diversified industry.
The whole industry chain layout, which helps companies to keep pace with industry trends. Companies manage quality from the end of production to the end of the channel, with strong control over the entire industry chain, enabling them to take the lead when faced with rapid changes in the industry and always ahead of their competitors.
Production end: cost, efficiency, and sufficient reserves of future productive capacity. Corporate cores remain stable and lead the Māori ratio level: new product self-sufficiency guarantees synergy between new channels. Marketing end: companies provide sufficient incentives to build up a high-quality marketing team to expand the stock for all channels.
The company's marketing techniques are effective, and it promotes product association and brand value enhancement. Informational systems, which expand business boundaries, are powerful tools. Sales end-to-product end, help take over the city \triangleright
The furniture industry is faced with a trend towards changing flow entrances, with companies taking the lead in the various channels.
Engineering channels: The company’s engineering industry is in the lead, but 18% of the industry still has much room for improvement. Full product layout and productivity improvements will help to keep the bulk of the business up, while ensuring profit margins. Clean-up channels: clear trends, Europeans have a pre-emptive advantage.
\triangleright is primarily a resource of high quality for domestic loading, and a resource accumulation for domestic loading chains. At the same time, the company’s own products and systems guarantee full ownership of the company’s capabilities.
Traditional distribution channels: a mature and stable distribution system that stabilizes the retail base. The balance of interests of the channel also ensures healthy development of the various channels.
Research Assistant: Changzj@dxzq.net.cn The Source of Eastern Finance and Prosperity
Europa (603833) series II: Multi-species sedimentation, full-channel power, industry champions long-standing, Europa (603833) series II: Multi-species sedimentation, full-channel power, industry champions long-standing.
In this report, we will focus on analysing how the Europeans have managed to capture the development pulses of the various channels through multi-product production and marketing chains, thus ensuring a constant advantage in change and achieving a consistent strength in the furniture industry.
The Europeans were founded in 1994 and began first in the area of closet manufacturing, then in the area of overall bathing, in 2005 in the area of overall closets, and in 2010 in the area of custom-made wooden doors.
At present, the company is divided into seven major departments: the Europa cabinet, the Europa closet (the whole house is custom-made), the O'Phenimmon, the Europa bath, the Europa major business, the O'Palley house is custom-made, ready for everyone. Because of the early layout of the various product types, the public administration has been able to enjoy industrial dividends in the early stages of the layout and has had sufficient time to communicate with the channel system and grind the manufacturing process.
The cabinets are the roots, and the rest are the main drivers of the growth. In development, the Euros have so far evolved from a single cabinet tap to a multi-species custom-made head with the cabinets and closets at its core. In 2020, each of the company’s main businesses accounted for 41 per cent of the cabinets, 39 per cent of the closets, 5 per cent of the wooden doors, and 5 per cent of the baths, which are 21.33 per cent. Meanwhile, Europa closet revenues are catching up with Sofia, which currently has the highest income in the closets and $6.702 billion of Sofia’s closets in 2020.
Yoy is 1.49%, compared to 11.71% in 2020 for the Europa closet. In addition, the company’s guard baths and wooden doors, with revenues of $739 million and a certain size, are expected to be the growth point in the future.
Figure 2: By 2020, Europa multi-type layouts went far beyond custom-made furniture co-workers, Eastern financial and intellectual sources, right strategies led to the expansion of the product class, and there was still room for development of the product class layout. We believe that the successful development of the company’s new product class stems from the right choice of the company’s strategy.
First, during renovations, cabinets will be installed earlier than other furniture, with a stronger flow capacity, and end-marketing will make it easier for customers to continue to market for other homes. Second, unlike other home companies, the Europeans have adopted brand-like and different distributor strategies that can rely on new brand-empowerment classes of mature “European” brands, while opening markets using newer distributors who are more specialized in new products.
Finally, cabinets and closets overlap with the direct materials and manufacturing processes, and are easy to transform. After successfully developing the large category of closets, companies continue to take advantage of the product class, combining clothing on retail and bulk channels, cooks, guards, and further pulling multi-material connections.
High speed, and the future of the company ' s multi-grade layout will be further developed. Figure 3: Coats, wooden doors, three bathrooms will continue to grow at a high rate. 2. Whole industry chain layout, enabling companies to keep pace with industry trends.
The sophisticated management of companies from the end of production to the end of the channel, and the strong control of the whole industry chain, allows companies to take advantage of the rapid changes in their industries and stay ahead of their competitors. At the same time, the means of informatization help companies to connect vertically and horizontally, and to help them to achieve better strategic outcomes.
2.2 Production end: cost, efficiency optimization, sufficient reserves of future productive capacity
2.1.1 Product growth is accompanied by stable Māori rates, with high cost controls, and Māori rates in the corporate core are high in the industry. Currently, income and profits are mainly derived from sales of cabinets and closets, and Māori rates in the same industry are medium-high in both categories.
There is still room for improvement in the Māori ratio in the Eurasia closets, as there is still a more visible support policy for the Eurasia in the case of closets: 1) Europe gives concessions to distributors and stimulates distributors. 2) Europe uses low-māori products to open up large and whole markets.
In comparison, the closets are produced from the closets to the closets, and the closets have a very high rate of Maori climbers. In terms of production, the closets are more difficult to produce, so they are easier to manufacture. The difficulties are expressed mainly in two points: 1) the process requirements are higher. In addition to the basic cabinets function, the cabinets need to be more fireproof, waterproof, and therefore require more sophisticated processes such as pvc covers, oven paint, etc. 2) There is a large amount of materials required.
Non-core products remain largely self-produced, and Māori rates are released with scope. In the case of baths, companies are autonomously manufacturing containerized products of higher value such as ceramics and hardware, which are produced by oems. There is still a gap between the company’s Māori rate and that of professional baths.
In 2020, the Māori rate was only 13.95%, while the Māori rate was 32.96% for Jiangsan-O, whose business is mainly wood-based and whose income is of a certain size. The company’s woodgate business is still expanding, with the Europeans opening the market through low prices. According to the company’s capacity regulations, the Piao-Doom will be released more than double in the future, and it is expected that, as the scale rises, the Euro-Domicry will gradually increase its Māori rate.
The source of financial growth in the East, the maturity of the process and the increased bargaining power of the supply chain, have led to a decrease in the cost of materials. In the cost structure of home-based companies, direct materials are relatively high, with high levels of process and strong supply chain management capabilities significantly reducing the cost of direct materials.
75.83 per cent are at a low level among the five companies with comparable and larger operations. At the same time, benefiting from the continued optimization of supply chains and production processes, the share of direct material costs of the Europeans has continued to decline (the ratio of direct materials to the foreign-traded houses decreased in 2020, Sofia was due to higher foreign-policy costs, and the share of the remaining houses was due to higher transport costs). In addition, the top five European suppliers were significantly less concentrated than their counterparts, reflecting a significantly lower concentration than their counterparts.
A strategy to reduce risks by decentralizing the company's purchases.
2.1.2 Production efficiency increases, enabling companies expand, product structures become more complex, processing production periods tend to decline, and companies improve their production efficiency.
Changes in values show a trend in the average production time of a product, and the calculation shows a generally downward trend in the production period of a company. In particular, since 2018, there has been a marked increase in the share of late-growing and time-consuming products, such as closets, but the actual processing period has been a downward trend, so we can tell that the efficiency of the company’s production ends is improving.
The speed of delivery is one of the key indicators, and efficiency improvements at the end of production will significantly improve the company’s competitiveness.
Maintains more than 95%, and both indicators remain high. Business development is underpinned by the company's robust productive capacity, which also supports stability in the Māori rate.
Figure 13: Distribution rates by product group. According to the company’s current plan, the future production capacity of cabinets, closets, wooden doors will be 318,000, 1.5 million and 1.09 million, respectively, and full production will result in an income increase of $8.6 billion, based on average product prices in 2020.
In 2020, the number of sales workers under the company’s flag reached 2,631, with the exception of self-employed stockings, the company’s sales team rules.
At the same time, the average remuneration of company sales workers is higher than that of the same enterprise. We believe that there is insufficient differentiation in products in the home sector, especially in terms of the supply of goods such as engineering, low unit prices, high homogeneity, and a dynamic marketing team that will play a key role in the expansion of channels and products.
In 2015, the company launched the first “19,800 sets of meals” to upgrade the whole closet to house-wide custom with powerful penetrating slogans and innovative pricing models, thus contributing to the rapid growth of the business. This has been followed by a proliferation of different types of “package” marketing. In 2018, the Europeans upgraded branding to the height of their business strategy and explored its core values.
In traditional ways, such as advertising, organizing events, companies are creatively working on branding in the form of home-made short films, and several pieces such as "Calling you home, Success, Wolves' Mid-Autumn Troubles" are widely disseminated.
2.3 The information system, which expands the frontiers of the operations, is gradually becoming operational and efficient. Informationization is one of the core strategies of the European community, and is gradually becoming operational, as companies develop.
From the business process point of view: sales end, information enhancement of designer efficiency, better service experience for consumers through the design of effects maps, order tracking, etc.
Sub-branch: The company's fastest growing closet business, after completion of the front-end information system, with over 60 per cent of the closet clearing orders, one passing rate of more than 90 per cent, and an increase in the efficiency of the bill from an average of 120 to an average of 260 per person per day, is leading the industry. In the most complex of all, the company will in the future, or through the information system, be integrated in design, supply chain-wide redeployment and production planning.
High R & D inputs maintain corporate advantage. Companies invest more in R & D, with R & D spending of 699 million yuan in 2020, or 4.74% of revenues, far higher in monetary terms than their counterparts, and higher in industrial terms.
The existing advantages that have accumulated for many years in terms of product processes, overall processes, and product-type innovations guarantee the company ' s smooth transition from a single product channel to a multi-producer multi-channel.
The Europeans are actively engaged in the mapping of channels, which are growing faster and larger. In 2020, the company ' s revenues were 3 per cent in direct business, 77 per cent in sales, and 41.89 per cent in bulk, compared with 21.33 per cent in the same period for the company ' s head office.
Performance reached 350 million yuan and 700 million yuan, respectively, with an increase of 100 per cent. In 2020, the company received about 1 billion yuan in billing through a consolidation channel.
Source of Eastern financial and intellectual excellence 3.1 Engineering channels: Big business promotes multi-goods development, and the engineering agent model optimizes its finances to the top of its line of work and continues to grow at a faster pace. The Europrate deployed the engineering channels as early as 1995, but the main effort was still in place at the time.
In 2020, the bulk business income reached its highest level compared to listed and large-scale home companies: in terms of large income, 18% compared to Sofia, 31% from China, 87% from Jiangsan and Europe, 34% from gold cabinets, and a relatively low share from Europe, raising space.
In 2018, the Europeans began to move into large businesses through the cabinet business, gradually importing new products such as closets, wooden doors, guard baths and metal windows, building on the good brands of the companies that had been formed. In 2018, closets, wooden doors, guard baths increased at a similar rate of 215.5%, 352.6%, and 531.6%. We believe that the company's rapid growth in large businesses has led to the growth of new products and, at the same time, new products.
From 2017, the company explicitly used the agent model to expand its operations. The company took over.
There are two types of large-scale operations: 1) where the company contracts with the real estate agent and then the agent is responsible for the service. 2) where the agent contracts with the real estate provider, the company is responsible for the supply of the goods. The first method is now higher. In both cases, the company is responsible only for the production of the product, while all other operations, such as design, transport, installation and post-sale, are performed by the engineering agent; in addition, the engineering agent needs a net receivable loan (receivables less the agent).
In this model, the company’s return is manageable and maintains a good cash flow; and because it is only responsible for production rings, it can maintain a higher rate of expansion. Figure 1: Euro-based cash collection is at a higher level in the industry.
The main source of financial and intellectual growth in the East is 3.2 channels of packaging: the trend is clear, the Europeans are already in the early stages, and the dressing is a clear development model for the future.
Households: Combining is also a common way for home-based companies to raise the unit price: companies can sell multi-product products, and they can profit from the integration of the supply chain. So dressing is the ideal way for home-based companies to expand. For home-based companies, dressing is equally in their own interest: 1) dress-out determines the difficulties that used to be faced by home-based companies in making custom-made accommodations. 2) The whole-packing price is higher, and home-loading companies receive higher benefits. 3)
Companies can also access the flow of customized home-based firms. In the context of current consumer-savory consumption trends, we believe that, with a resonance between production and consumption, the pipeline is a clearer way for home-based firms to develop in the future.
At present, according to the size of the company, there are two forms of cooperation between the Europeans: 1) in cooperation with the local Top 3 garments/dressing companies, in order to set up a shop with a European signboard. 2) in cooperation with national or regional dress companies, in order to create a European dress shop for all. In both cases, the Europeans are responsible for the production of good products, supply chains, and information systems, while all services, from scale to installation, are provided by the home.
In particular, in the second form, the Europeans integrate home-based companies into their own systems, take ownership of the entrance to the plastic flow, achieve higher profitability, and, with the best of help, help them to do their jobs. We believe that the company’s own stock of goods and its ability to combine the supply chain, together with the advantages of a corporate information system, provide a strong basis for enabling home-based firms.
In terms of custom furniture, the Europeans have a wealth of design experience that allows consumers to have sufficient options, while for other products the company has shown a stronger ability to integrate external resources: in 2019, the Europeans piloted a "name scheme" in Guangzhou.
We believe that the company, with its own brand, will be able to pre-position itself in the custom-made home industry, as well as in the overall layout of the entire product.
Reassembly, with a stronger channel advantage. Figure 23: Nameplate plans to integrate more than a dozen front-line brands, there's a conflict of interest with traditional distribution, and the Europeans have developed four principles to coordinate: 1) benefit-sharing: one part of the retail value of the plastics business.
Distribution to former traditional distributors; 2) Co-performance of performance: summation and traditional retailing performance combined; 3) separation of channels: plastics and traditional retail shops do not open together; 4) separation of products: whole-house products are different from retail outlets. Good benefit-sharing mechanisms, and good practices are evidence of good development.
3.3 Traditional distribution channels: The mature and stable distribution system, which secures the most widely covered retail basics, maintains a high volume of merchandise. In 2020, companies owned 5124 dealers, with a total number of 7154 stores, far higher than their counterparts, with an absolute advantage in the area covered by the offline channels. The Europeans, while focusing on the number of channels, were able to guarantee the quality of each store, 2020.
In recent years, the Europeans have continued to expand the shop map, with a total of 1508 dealers and 2052 dealers in the period 2016-2020. According to the composition of the distributors, the distributors of the domestic product have been the main increase in the number of dealers in recent years.
In terms of numbers, there is still room for encryption, and even with the effects of the 2020 epidemic, the number of channels has expanded slightly. By category, the Euros have an absolute advantage in cabinets, with the number of doors holding the highest position; in terms of closets, there are 2,124, less than 2,719 in Sofia, and there is room for improvement in the future.
Two of the reports in the European Homes (603833) series: multi-species sedimentation, full-channel energy, industry's strong and persistent strength, figure 26: Europe's channel coverage continues to increase.
Figure 27: In 2020, the distribution system was carefully managed, with a strong incentive for distributors. The company divided the country into nine levels, and the criteria were refined to regional names. Market distributors at different levels were eventually identified by different levels, with uniform ratings and dispatches at the same level.
The average annual phase-out is 6-8% a year. At the same time, the distributor’s cost price is ranked according to ranking, with a scale of one to nine, which corresponds to a different discount factor, and the higher the ranking, the lower the settlement cost, which fully stimulates the dealer’s dynamism. Companies have also developed rules for the transfer of dealer’s qualifications, which allow dealers to withdraw autonomously, thereby reducing the risk of the dealer’s investment and encouraging its input development.
The management of dealers in the East has evolved over time. After 2018, the business landscape has fallen, and companies have adjusted their management practices in a timely manner, including: lowering the phase-out rate, optimizing the indicator test, easing the requirements for opening a shop, restructuring, increasing the channels for placing subsidies, etc., so as to ease the pressure on distributors to run a business and stabilize the trust.
At the same time, the company is actively testing the new model: the Urban Partner Scheme was launched in 2019, piloting the secondary distribution system for the cabinet business; it promoted multi-channel operations, including online currents, and the development of the cleaning business. In 2020, the new crown epidemic hit the traditional distributors, and the company launched in early February, in a timely manner, the “Safeguard Plan” to provide the largest $1 billion in co-operator subsidies and to protect the distributors. The company was right about the distributors.
Guidance and belt initiatives are important reasons for companies’ strong competitiveness in distribution channels. 4. Companies are more profitable and efficient in operating assets with a higher cost-control capacity of 4.1 and higher net interest rate levels.
Net interest rates have risen steadily, keeping the industry high. By 2015, companies opened their markets through low prices, especially in the closet business, and as business matured, they started to raise the Māori rate, so both net interest rates and Māori increased considerably in 2016. The Māori rate was higher in the industry, respectively, between 2017 and 2020. With Māori rates on average, and high R&D costs on average, we believe that companies are so good.
Net interest rates are derived from better cost control capabilities. Figure 29: Net corporate interest rates have risen steadily and are at higher levels in the industry. Figure 28: Corporate Māori rates are at the industry average.
As the size of the company’s income continues to grow, the scale effect is gradually becoming apparent, and both the company’s sales and management costs are on the decline. While companies invest more in sales people and brand promotion, overall, they pay for sales.
The usage rate was 7.78 per cent in 2020, which is better than that of a partner. In 2020, the cost of corporate sales + management was 14.30 per cent, just higher than that of the predominantly engineering industry, the Gangan-Europeans. 4.2 Operating capacity is strong, cash flows match performance.
After 2018, the company’s new capacity was gradually built, and its fixed asset turnover declined, but remained relatively high. The company maintained good net cash flows, benefiting from the agent model.
Relatively stable. We believe that companies focus on cash flow acquisition, largely through a proxy system in bulk and retail operations, which strengthens their risk response and business expansion capacity. Figure 32: Euro-based fixed asset turnover has an advantage
5. Prospective projections and investments suggest that we look forward to the company ' s ability to take a higher market share by leading the way in the changing flow entrances to the furniture industry.
In the long term, the industry will continue to grow at a high rate, with a steady increase in revenue from the garment business, a complete upgrading of products, and a sustained improvement in end-of-pipe retailing.
The main factors are the size advantages of the company’s productive capacity, which can fully offset fluctuations in raw material prices, and the changes in the channels, mainly due to the rise in the share of work and the fact that the unit price of the product is slightly lower than that of the traditional channel but is more standardized, giving rise to a Maori advantage.
Two of the reports in the Eurasia Series: Multi-species sedimentation, full-channel energy, and industry's strong.
At this stage of the company’s development, which is not just the front line of cabinets, but also the absolute head of the household industry, the product mix, the full-channel strategic market lead, and the optimization of the information system have enhanced the cost-control capabilities of front-end sales and back-end production. In the industry, companies have made forward-looking layouts in the changes in the penetration rate of fine-suited houses and home-dressing, and in the flow of furniture.
We maintain a “recommended” rating of companies for the premium at the top. 1, macroeconomic pressures or recurrent epidemics have constrained industry: 2, growth of corporate channels has been hampered: 3, and significant changes have taken place in corporate management.
Two of the reports in the Eurasia Series: Multi-species sedimentation, full-channel energy, and industry's strong.
Liu Tanda, research assistant brief, Changja Kit.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.