Corporate Review  Light Industry  Stocking Incentives Drafted for Intra-Regular Interest Euro-based Housing (603833.sh)
The company proposes to grant 7 million stock options to 517 employees, representing approximately 1.16 per cent of the total equity of the company, of which 5.6 million are granted for the first time and 1.4 million are reserved under the following conditions:
Rights period: First granted and reserved 12 months/24 provisional conditions after completion: for first granted, the share in the equity incentive scheme is paid off
Awarded in 2021, the assessment indicator is partially consistent with the first award; if awarded in 2022, the company will return in 2022 and 2023 on the basis of the elimination of shares in the equity incentive scheme, our analysis and judgment: stock options incentives contribute to the next step in the firm as a whole.
First of all, the way in which the company is awarded this time, compared to the restrictive stock incentives, the company ' s choice to grant stock options has both an incentive effect for its employees and an indication of its future growth.
Second, according to the coverage of this award, the company's stock options plan, apart from the company's Vice-President and Vice-President, Tan Chin-hing, and the company's Executive Vice-President and Board of Directors, was set up by the company.
In addition to the Secretary, Yang Yeo-hung, the remaining 515 people are middle-level managers or core technical (industry) staff of the company, highlighting the importance that the company attaches to middle-level and senior-level cadres, with the aim of further consolidating the development dividend through the adoption of a new one in 2020.
After the coronary pneumoconiosis was baptized, the whole company worked in a spirit of solidarity, and in the medium and long term, the company had not been able to develop its reserves for the year 2020. In terms of the number of options granted per capita, the company’s vice president, Tan, was elected president.
The press and the 2021st Quarterly report rated the light-working sector as having performed excellently in the light season of 21q1 (60333.sh). For 21 years, General and Board Secretary Yang were given a share of 9.5 million shares per 26.6 million shares for the first time.
The rest of the 515 core cadres are entitled to 106,000 shares granted for the first time.
The light industry (603833.sh) is operating in 2004 and, again, based on the stock options conditions, the company's performance in this exercise is slightly higher than expected, depending on the 21-year-old dominance.
The indicator is an indicator of the rate of increase in the net return profit after excluding the cost of equity incentives, assuming that in 2022 the company reported three quarters of the year 2020 as a small-scale industry in Europe (603833.sh)
The net return profit after elimination of the equity incentive costs is considered to have increased by the same speed as in 2020.
And it conveys to the market the weak correlation between the Division’s own business development and performance growth, and the real-estate market cycle. Taken together, we believe that the stock options plan that the company has released this time is for the company itself.
While achieving the above-mentioned vision and increasing the stability of core cadres of employees, it also demonstrates to a large number of investors in the market the firm’s confidence in its future development and steady growth in its performance. Together with the company’s advantages in the distribution union management system, brands and product matrices are being introduced to companies.
We expect that companies in the future will rely on their own powerful distribution systems for branding their influence, and that their continued investment in the “all-you-go” field, as well as in new media diversion strategies, will drive companies to achieve sustainable growth in size and performance. Given the low-season strong recovery of 2021q1,
Risk of continued low real estate sales; risk of increased competition in the industry
Table 4: Changes in market outlets throughout the country in the year 2021q1 Table 5: Changes in market and distributors throughout the country in the year 2020 Table 6: Information on stores and distributors at the level in the year 2020 (houses)
Table 8: Euro2021q1 income split by product: Table 9: Euro2021q1 income split by channel; Table 10: Euro1220 income split by brand
Table 11: Distribution of Euro-based products, 2020 3. Tracking of progress on major issues 4. Tracking of corporate development strategies and business plans
Table 13: Tracking of the development and business plans of the Europa annual report 2019-20201 and the information strategy: 2019 has basically achieved full-process changes in order to maintain a constant trend. To this end, the company will continue to cover the initial construction objectives of a customized home-based European information system.
Our goal for the future, however, is to speed up the information flow by one key, the information strategy: by 2020, the company was largely self-inflicted, with multiple forms of piloting the process, building on the flow from the camp.
Mainly developed products, processes, full-scale Euro-based customizations are marketed to the manufacturing end, integrated information systems are designed and manufactured, and home-based information systems are initially built.
This system has created a European-specific fast-impact map of “traditional industries + Internet” and order uploading, which has been fully achieved, cutting through front-end marketing to back-end production, and business model-building: on the one hand, deepening new and emerging channels.
In 2021, the company will continue to upgrade the system, with full force, to explore processes that are appropriate to the conditions of Euro-based enterprises and to market conditions, to enable business segments, to lower the effects, and to speed up the process.
The integration of marketing roads; on the other hand, the promotion of closet+, closet-top custom, bathroom-plus, custom-made wooden doors, and O'Pholy Young Fashion 2; and the creation of a common-house model: the Euros are the first breakthrough branding and marketing model in the industry.
Proposing a corporate development strategy centred on a 3-to-all-channel layout: promoting a full-channel layout strategy, while keeping pace with the growth of a single product provider into an integrated home-based solution with its advantages and status, active layout, dress-up,
Program providers to address the distressing needs of consumers and conduits. Electricians, foreign trade channels, secure distribution of channels, parallel to the dual management of governance systems and innovation in terms of pre-existing advantages and the ability of business organizations to coordinate their operations, with continuous optimization of management strengths, the strategy will continue to move forward.
Progress: On the one hand, rapid recognition and deepening of the emerging channels model,4 branding: branding as one of the core elements of enterprise development, exploring the possibilities of adapting to the European business situation and the market situation, with the emergence of young consumers, brand minding and consumer family development paths; on the other hand, constant exploration of cabinets +,
It is becoming the focus of the company’s attention, and it is the new direction of the future branding strategy to promote high-end house-to-house customization + home-made, guard-basket +, custom-made wooden-door systems. The company adheres to a business model of integration, such as airports, high-speed railway stations, etc., while actively exploring new media, such as emotional shorts, tremors, and full-channel layouts: keeping track of the advantages and status of the old channels.
At the same time, the company will be active in tailoring, dressing, packing, power suppliers, foreign trade channels, channel management, system management and management.
Innovative management parallels and continues to optimize management. 4 - Branding: Consumers are rejuvenate, branding, healthy, intelligent, etc. in the broader context of rising consumption
The brand's reputation as one of the core elements of enterprise development will bring better customer stickyness to the product services of branded enterprises.
And it's also creating a wider imagination for branding business. Companies will continue to create and manage brands through multiple channels and forms, so that "home, love, Europe" can go deeper.
1. Activate the internal system to manage the promotion of business 1 and threaten to hit the line to make a great deal of good, fully upgrade the operating management system, moving from business-oriented management to full-scale management
In the context of a fast-changing market at the vents of the flow, the canals, the fine-tuning of management, the reshaping of the Euro-based management value system, the re-programming, the expansion of the field, the use of old channels, the creation of deep new channels, the creation of marketing and manufacturing synergies to simulate corporateization.
Doo, taking advantage of the branding platform of the company, building a nest, running independently of the Ministry of Industry: good decentralization and capacity-building match, enriching the new content of one-stop consumption, out-of-the-book flow.
It's a power-and-responsibility mechanism for team-building; it's an “empowerment, stock-drawing” approach. Combining the company's entire cabinet, customizing the entire room, streamlining it.
Mechanisms to encourage full ownership of change, initiative, innovation, full development and integration, to build a system of absolute competitive advantages, to be subjective, to be active, and to enhance organizational strength.
(a) Resource transfer: a series of financial support programmes for marketing 2 and the foundation of a strong system, building human capacities and continuing to adhere to the Europeans' “fairness, light, cooperation, freedom”
(2) Provide artillery shells: focus products, build explosives, drive powerful corporate culture cores, and use institutionalized management mechanisms to fully stimulate markets.
(c) Effective artillery shells such as products, current products and mainstream products, fully armed and integrated mechanisms, managed and managed with anti-breeding terminals, upgraded and activated the force on all sides.
Reducing the burden, unleashing the power of battle, bypassing the “eligibility, high-paying, streamlined” talent strategy, fully relaxing the end-control policy, massive downsizing and liberalization of distributors.
Energetic European talent-building system, leading to in-depth and radical orientation. Examination of the scope for effective guidance as a substitute for pressure, enhanced marketing, end-of-life talent-building, active use of the European brand build-up.
Confidence, a more agile terminal, the release of the invisible power of the market, the attraction of a powerful platform, the great talent of the world, the elite of the city, and even cross-border hunting; and, under the strategic direction of the group, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
In the process of integration, new business opportunities have been created. The Europeans have been known for their ability to hold, fight and fight, and the future has been much better.
And changes in consumer decision-making, comprehensive changes in power suppliers, and on-line marketing to drive the industry forward with “all-round innovation.” Make full use of the core strengths of the European mechanism, and develop more effective, efficient and efficient practices.
New engines, renewed power, strong innovation mechanisms, emphasis on innovation, heavy prize innovation. One is the assembly of second engines, the formation of the Group Marketing Model Innovation Department, and the pursuit of both sides of the mountain.
One is to open up the flow for new battlefields and achieve marketing channels, models, and strategies of attack; the second is to adapt the innovation of tools to the innovation of product development and development.
Create a micro-business-town process to experience a new and new consumption model on the change line; and third, implement a bolder approach to marketing informatization and power-marketing, with a European-specific pk mechanism, wide-scale accounts, multi-road operations, comprehensive innovation, live broadcasting, bagging, retail preparation, building and deep-deeping Euro-based super-flow pools, long-range lawn pollen, near-generational.
The company is a small self-researching full-flow information management system in the custom furniture industry, a self-researched caxa.
The whole process information system has been fully online and has been computerized from previous sales to back-end production, services, etc. Companies will combine their own brands, sizes, systems, and people's matching.
It's an advantage, for example, to continuously increase the penetration and updating of the information system, to provide a process-wide enabler, to keep the company in the lead at its level of information and management, and to keep the company in the lead.
Longer-term development offers a broader picture space.3 Risks of price volatility of raw materials;4 Risks of distributor management;
Risks of brand management; Risks of brand management; Risks of product quality;
6. Risks in the quality of products; I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with due diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report.