Company review report: Retail industry, 2101 light seasons with excellent performance, 21-year-old clothes, Europa residence (603833.sh)
The value of goods and clothing continues to grow at a high rate, achieving a net return profit of 2,063 million yuan, or 12.13 per cent more than the previous year; a reduction of 1,935 million yuan, or 15.14 per cent more than the previous year; and a net operating cash flow of 3,889 million yuan.
In the first quarter of 2021, the company achieved operating income of $3.300 billion, an increase of 130.74 per cent in the same year; a net loss of $244 million, an increase of 340.02 per cent in the same year; and a return.
The net profit from the non-button is $209 million, an increase of 266.96 per cent over the same period; the net outflow from operating cash flows is $224 million, a decrease of 71.84 per cent compared to last year’s net outflow.
By the end of 2020, the company had achieved a total operating income of $14.740 billion, compared to $14.507 billion in the manufacturing sector, an increase of $1,142 million, compared with the same period last year, an increase of 8.54 per cent, a decline of 0.34 per cent over the same period last year.
The light industry - company event review - See, in 2020, the expansion of the size of the company ' s revenue was mainly due to the company ' s main business furniture system, and the fact that the company ' s business performance in 2004 (603833.sh) was slightly higher than expected.
By the end of the first quarter of 2021, the company had achieved a total operating income of $3.300 billion, compared to the third quarter of 2020.
The light industry Europa q3 (603833.sh) q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q1 q2 q2 = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = Q12020202020202020
The growth trend in the size of the previous 20 per cent of the company ' s revenue, which led to a strong growth in the light industry (603833.sh) of 2021q1 in the second quarter of 2020, was due in part to an outbreak during the same period.
The improvement is in line with the low-level impact expected to accelerate in the second half of the year with the traditional positive season. On the other hand, it is due to the fact that companies have adopted a substantial and spiritual multi-subsidization and incentive for distributors after they have entered the normal phase of national outbreak control.
So that more than 7,000 shops across the country have not been significantly adjusted in the wake of the 2020 epidemic, but have been more united in their efforts to seize the development opportunities and opportunities of the remaining three quarters of 2020, ultimately achieving a high rate of accelerated growth on a seasonal basis.
The situation, and the brightness of the 2021q1 company has only continued since the second quarter of 2020. Given that the market for domestic household furniture consumption has dwindled in the past quarter, and that the company is already showing a mildly high season, we expect the company’s current growth momentum to be expected to follow.
With a high recovery rate at the end of the year, it is expected to show a “u-type” rate of growth throughout the year. First, the company, as a manufacturer of furniture brands, has multiple distribution channels, such as distribution, bulk, direct sales, etc.
By the end of the first quarter of 2021, corporate direct/distribution/larger/other (export) channels had been generated.
The relatively low base of both the direct battalion and the bulk of the operations that need to be installed in the field makes it possible for companies to grow at a high rate from the same level as in the previous year, while the same level of growth in other channels may be the result of inadequate global maritime transport, which causes some of the orders to not be translated into income and the gradual containment of the epidemic in developed overseas countries.
Given that the company’s main distribution channel is still the distribution model, the construction and expansion of distribution stores is the key to the sustainability of the company’s growth. By the end of 2020, the company had a total of direct and distribution stores throughout the country.
7154, 59 more than last year's year-on-year increase, far less than 357 in 2019, but given the negative impact of the domestic epidemic on traditional under-line distribution channels in 2020 and the company's high base of 7,000 stores by the end of 2019, the net increase in the number of stores has slowed as expected. From the point of view of distributors, the company owned 5124 dealers in 2020.
On the other hand, the number of individual dealers opened by individual distributors increased from 1.36 in late 2019 to 1.39 in late 2020, indicating, on the one hand, partial withdrawal from the distributors, resulting from the takeover by existing and more powerful distributors.
On the other hand, the company’s “cooking wood” development strategy is still well advanced, leading dealers to participate actively in the development of new public goods. Specifically, in 2020, the company’s direct shops/distributors were 42/7112, respectively, optimizing the doors opened by some of the dealers, and the cabinets alone were built throughout 2020 (including optimisation and upgrading).
More than 1,000 (upgraded) have created a double-opening and closing situation for the company's distributors, reflecting the fact that the company, in an unfavourable environment in the face of the epidemic, does not focus on recovering its losses during the year, but rather focuses more on the future medium- and long-term development plans of the company as a whole and of the distributors that grow up with the company. We expect the company to upgrade its current in 2020.
The firm’s efforts will provide a solid foundation for sound growth over the next few years. Breaking up the company’s outlets by product branding, the company had a total of Europa cabinets/Poi closets/Operawe baths/Operanimumen/Operri custom stores in late 2020, which are new to the same period last year.
In 2020, the Division improved the marketing channels for the fast-growing closets and the entire O'Pheri House and the longer-duration chassis brands over the past few years, while maintaining a continuous expansion of the wooden portals that are still in the advanced stages of development.
2402/2053/1993/606/889, respectively. Net change from late 2020 - 5/-71/128/18/-39. Company cabinets, closets and the O'Pholy House-wide custom door shop were significantly adjusted. Our guess is that it may be due to short-term fluctuations in the number of doors due to the failure of the 2020 business performance appraisals or the company's initiative to optimize the door shop, which is expected to follow.
The closet and house-wide custom store rates are likely to continue the trend towards a steady expansion. As for the O'Phone Woodgates, the company’s brightest performance in the first quarter, we believe that the company will or will continue to expand its channel in the future, thereby enhancing the influence of the independent brand, and developing the third single item after the company’s closet and closet categories, providing for the company’s medium- and long-term expansion.
Disbursing the company ' s main business revenues by brand, the three major brands of the company Europa/Opery/Operani in 2020, amounting to 128.73/864/1771 million, respectively, with a change of $829/139/173 million over the same period last year, and the three major brands of the company in 2020, mainly Europa home brands dominated by cabinets and closet operations, and the company ' s own home brands over the past two years.
The newly introduced O’Paligne brand is a core driver, consistent with the company’s ongoing multi-product strategy of “cooking wood” and its multi-promoting, multi-product strategy of meta-metametry and the dominant brand impact strategy, which has always been deep-deep. By product-severing company’s main business income, the company’s closets/circles/baskets/woodgates/other products were implemented in 2020.
The growth of the main business in 2020 was mainly due to the improved efficiency of the shop through optimized distribution channels, the high relevance of the product packages and the growing woodgates of the distribution channels, and the fact that since its inception the company has been heavily dependent on the cabinet business, which has declined to 41.78 per cent after the company successfully made the breakthrough in the closet business, which is just different from the difference in the closet business.
Two percentage points, enough to see that the company has now fully completed the layout of the binary and that, in conjunction with the continued rapid expansion of the woodgate distribution channels in 2020, it is expected that the company will be the first in the industry to achieve the custom-based “cooking wood” product matrix.
At the end of the first quarter of 2021, the company ' s closets/sewings/baskets/woodgates/other products, respectively, were collected on the basis of a low base where the impact of the epidemic had to stagnate, as well as the bulk of the operations that needed to be installed in the field, and the company ' s custom closets were overtaken by both the growth and the absolute value of the collection.
The cabinet is now the company’s top class, and the approximate rate of change of the top class will continue over the longer term. With the exception of the two core items of the cabinet and closet, the third largest probability of growth in the company’s revenue will be in other product categories, including home-based products, mainly as a result of the company’s continuous drive to match home-based customization strategies.
This is due to gradual improvement and quality improvement. If one single item is considered, the company’s third-largest single item is likely to be a tailor-made carpentry class at the high-speed expansion of the distribution network, which is expected to quickly become the third single item in the foreseeable future, and the company’s multi-product matrix will be implemented as well as the residential strategy.
By region, the company’s main business income was split, and growth in 2020 in the company’s operations in China’s east/southeast/south-west/north-west/north-west was largely dependent on growth in the more economically developed regions of China’s east and on the north-south and centre-of-China regions.
As for the performance of other core business data, in 2020 the company produced the unit price of the closets/circles/baskets/cargo products, and in 2020 the unit price of the company ' s closets/cloths/baskets/carriage/carriage products was 8498/3074/1639/1208, respectively.
For each set (per ), the increase was -4.53/-1.40/0.09/15.69 per cent, respectively, compared to the same period last year. The decline in the average price of the cabinet category was mainly due to changes in the product structure caused by the growth of the company ' s bulk business channels, while the low or possibly the company ' s concessions to distribution channels led us to believe that the increase in the price of the woodgate category was mainly due to the increase in the price of the plant.
With regard to performance, the company achieved a net return profit of RMB 2,063 million in 2020, an increase of RMB 223 million over the same period last year, an increase of 12.13 per cent over the previous year; and a non-release return of RMB 1,935 million, an increase of RMB 254 million over the same period last year, an increase of 15.14 per cent.
Total non-recurrent gains and losses recognized by companies in 2020 amounted to $127 million, a decrease of $31 million compared to the same period last year, of which investment returns from government-supplemented/trading financial assets, etc., amounted to $79/061 million respectively, a change of 202101 from the same period last year, and net profit on return to a company of $244 million, an increase of $345 million compared to the same period last year, an increase of the same year.
340.02 per cent, an increase of 152 million yuan over 2019q1, with a composite increase of 62.71 per cent for 2019q1-2021q1 and a non-net profit of 209 million yuan, an increase of 333 million yuan over the same period last year, an increase of 266.96 per cent over the same period, an increase of 133 million yuan over 2019q1, and a composite increase of 65.99 per cent for 2019q1-2021q1.
Ten thousand dollars. The company’s bright growth at the end of the first quarter of 2021, in addition to benefiting from the company’s growth rate of more than 20 per cent of its size back before the epidemic, also benefits from the company’s Māori ratio at comparable points in the closets, wooden doors, and baths, along with the continued expansion of distribution channels and the increase in the benefits of product-making, which has led to positive growth in the company’s overall Māori ratio.
On this basis, the build-up of the company's higher requirements for management efficiency and effectiveness at headquarters together contributed to an increase in net interest rates on corporate sales, which resulted in the company performing at a much higher combined rate of performance during the period 2019q1-2021q1 than the scale scale scale, with a country-wide distribution network layout and excellent organizational planning capacity fully capturing the impact of the epidemic.
Postponed demand for furniture household consumption has culminated in a high trend of accelerated quarterly growth starting in the second quarter. (ii) The combined Māori rate has fallen by 2.54 ptt over 20 years due to the impact of accounting standards and the shock of the epidemic, respectively in the south-west/north-east/north-west/outside regions over a 20-year period
The decline in the combined Māori rate may include the following factors: 1) a structural bias in the distribution channels as a result of the larger business lines of the company; 2) a shift in the product structure in favour of those with a relatively lower Māori ratio as a result of the increase in the size of the company ' s traditional niche product cabinets through larger channels over the same period last year; 3) changes in accounting standards leading to a shift in the product structure in favour of those with a relatively lower Māori ratio
The transfer of transport costs from sales costs to operating costs has led to a decrease in the company’s combined Māori rate, which has slightly declined under the combined influence of these three factors. The change in accounting standards continues to have a negative impact on the transfer of transport costs from the original sales costs to operating costs.
This relatively significant increase was mainly due to a brief rise in manufacturing costs during the last year ' s epidemic, due to company concessions to distributors and a low start-up rate at the company ' s plant, which resulted in exceptionally low levels of Māori for all types of products, resulting in a recovery of Māori levels for the Department ' s 2021q1 products and for all channels.
Sales costs decreased by $163 million (Yoy-12.46 per cent) from the previous year, mainly as a result of the transfer of transportation costs from sales costs to operating costs and the reduction in advertising and sales costs of companies during the epidemic; management costs (excluding R & D) increased by the same amount (Yoy89.9 per cent), and the speed of increase was largely consistent with the size of the collections, making R & D costs more than they were in 2019.
Stabilization; an increase of $35 million (yoy50.18 per cent) in financial costs over the same period, mainly due to increased interest charges due to current-period instruments-financed loans and increased liquidity loans, offset by a decrease in sales costs due to changes in accounting standards; and administrative costs for 2,021q1 companies amounting to $245 million
Euros, an increase of $35 million (Yoy16.94 per cent) over the same period last year, which we believe may be mainly due to the increase in the remuneration of company employees and the discounting of old amortization costs; R & D costs for 2021q1 amount to $168 million, an increase of $89 million (Yoy 112.48 per cent) over the same period last year, which we believe is mainly due to a proactive increase in R & D inputs; and financial costs for 2021q1
The net inflow of $0.08 billion, a slight increase of $0.05 billion (Yoy-5.82 per cent) over the same period throughout the year, was, in our view, mainly due to a significant increase in corporate interest income. (iii) Distribution of network layouts is very good for medium- and long-term development of energy savings, and the Phone brand fills the high-end gap.
The company attaches great importance to the construction of the distribution network, which has established the largest network of marketing services in close cooperation with the group, growing together, and is located throughout the country, owning the resources of powerful distributors (services) and dealers in the industry, as well as over 7,000 stores. In end-management, since its inception, the company has promoted distributors in the industry on the basis of a cooperative win-win approach.
The tree root concept, the 1,000-point-testing system, the “10+1” Euro-based end-marketing system, the double-50 theory, market-side 4s, etc., is a sound distributor’s management system. At the same time, companies respond to industry trends, deepen their development strategies, and build more mature channels that are based on retail assembly channels, engineering, power-market channels are two-wing, and direct, foreign trade channels are essential.
In response to the outbreak at the beginning of the year, the company adjusted its end-of-service policies to improve its end-of-service policies in order to reduce the pressure on dealers to manage their businesses during specific periods. To that end, the public administration has taken the initiative to address the financial difficulties of distributors by providing various types of subsidized products.
At the same time, in response to the fact that access channels are being transferred to the line, the company has sought to attract, save, and make a deal by means of fission on the line + live video. In addition to continuing to consolidate its advantages at the end of the distribution channel, the company is actively upgrading its main brand, the “Europeans” in response to the growing demand for customers in the domestic household furniture market.
In parallel with the woodgate brand O'Phone, the brand has also been launched, which is dedicated to high-end markets. The brand covers a variety of products, such as the Cartoon, and is located in Italy as a home of high-favourable, high-value urban elites that pursue quality and experience. In the future, the brand will concentrate further on niche resources within and outside the group and strengthen the core of the brand.
Competitiveness, leading to a new high-end growth business model, high industry branding, and enabling companies to refine the “high, medium, low” three-track brand matrix in an effort to provide targeted one-stop shopping experiences for customers at all consumption levels. (iv) Smart thinking and research and development innovation to safeguard back-end productivity, actively developing home-wide customization as a new growth point
In order to meet market demand, companies have continued research and exploration in the areas of product structure design, new materials development and applications, process quality management, and have expanded their packaging operations. After many years of efforts, corporate product development has gradually moved from a single product customization to a home-wide customization, a house-wide customization (all live), a single new product design to a new product design, extended design,
By the end of 2020, companies and their controlling subsidiaries had a total of 696 authorized patents and 84 copyrights for computer software.
Thanks to the company's sustained R & D investment over the years, its deep technological and technological reserves, its leading home-based R & D power, its downstream bargaining power in the industrial chain, the company's exploration of large-scale non-specific product manufacturing models with European characteristics, custom-made home-based products, the production of the industry's largest total size, the largest container manufacturing base in Asia, and the leading domestic production technology.
In regional management, the company has set up a regional management network covering the whole of the country, providing drop-in support to distributors from training support, active marketing, demonstration design, shop-side services, etc. In house-wide customization and home-to-house informatization, axa
Software has been built up to customize home-based products, the third-party software product base has been improved, and supply chain packages, main support materials, and sku have been enriched. The company has begun to promote the development of the bim system, exploring a full-scale integrated home-based service process consistent with the characteristics of the European community, in order to truly realize the one-stop shopping experience that can be seen.
In combination with the company's strengths in the marketing and marketing union management system and the multi-wheel drive that brands and product matrices are beginning to provide to the company, we expect that companies will in the future rely on the company's strengths in terms of customer resources and models for large-scale operations at the end of the scale, and in the field of "getting everybody together" and new media diversion strategies, while building brand power on their own powerful distribution systems.
Inputs contribute to sustainable growth in the size and performance of companies. Given the low seasons of 2021q1, the risk of continued low real estate sales: the risk of increased overcapacity in the industry: the risk of increased competition in the industry.
Table 8: Euro2021q1 income split by product: Table 9: Euro2021q1 income split by channel; Table 10: Euro1220 income split by brand
Table 11: Distribution of Euro-based household products by 2020 Table 12: Progress of major issues from the beginning of 2021 to the present
Type of event The dollar “European transfer debt” has been converted into the shares of the Euroland Home Group, Inc., where the shares created by the conversion can be converted into shares and changes in shares
The amount accumulated is 1409.38 shares, representing 3.35% of the total shares issued by the pre-transferable company. The amount of “European transfers” that have not yet been transferred is RMB 484 million, or 32.40% of the total amount of “European transfers.”
Early foreclosure and the agreement that, between 3 March 2021 and 31 May 2021 (inclusive), no early foreclosure would be granted without the exercise of the “European foreclosure” if the “European foreclosure” clause were triggered by the “European foreclosure” debt.
4. Follow-up on corporate development strategies and business plans Table 13: Monitoring of development strategies and business plans in the annual report 2019-2020
The company's corporate vision is based on creating a respected company with a respected and loved China with a well-known international influence.
The respected, beloved China is famous for its international conglomerate. Our goal is not only to be a leader in the domestic industry, but also an influential condo. Our goal is more than to do it.
Cards, but Europeans of the world. Now, in the face of domestic industry leadership brands, "become the world's leading home" is a fast-changing world.
And it's the driving force behind the Europeans' future efforts. Watch the tide. To that end, the company will continue to promote the following:
1. Informational strategy: In 2019, the whole process was largely achieved in a changing and sustainable manner. To this end, the company will continue to cover the initial construction objectives of the European customized home-based information system.
Our goal for the future, however, is to speed up the information flow by one key, the information strategy: by 2020, the company was largely self-inflicted, with multiple forms of piloting the process, building on the flow from the camp.
Mainly developed products, processes, full-scale Euro-based customizations are marketed to the manufacturing end, integrated information systems are designed and manufactured, and home-based information systems are initially built.
One of the key functions of creating a European-specific “traditional industry plus Internet” quick-impact map, order uploading, etc., can be fully realized, running through front-end marketing to back-end production, 2 business models: on the one hand, deepening the new channel model. In 2021, companies will continue to upgrade the system, all of them.
The process enables business plates that are adapted to the conditions of Euro-based enterprises, reduce the effects and accelerate the integration of marketing paths: on the other hand, promote the high-end strategy of cabinets + and closets.
House-wide customization, guard bath plus, custom-made wooden doors, and O’Pholy Young Fashion 2 – everyone-to-house model: the Euros are the leading branding and marketing model in the industry. The center of this strategy is the business-to-house development strategy.
3. Full-channel layout: To promote a full-channel distribution strategy that addresses the distressing needs of consumers and channelers while maintaining the advantage and status of the channel as it grew from a single product provider to a home-based integrated solution.
The strategy will continue to move forward: on the one hand, rapid recognition and deepening of the emerging channels model.
4. Branding: As one of the core elements of enterprise development, branding has been explored to suit the situation of European enterprises and to adapt to the market situation. With the rise of young consumers, brand mind positions and consumer family paths have been developed. On the other hand, the constant exploration of cabinets +, the heterogeneous nature of which is becoming the focus of corporate attention and future brand promotion.
The high end of the closet is custom-made + home set-up, guard baths, and custom-made wooden doors are new directions of strategy. The company maintains a business model for the integration of items such as the airport, the high railway station, and so forth.
At the same time, the company will be active in tailoring, dressing, packing, power suppliers, foreign trade channels, channel management, system management and management.
Innovative management parallels and continues to optimize management. 4 - Branding: Consumers are rejuvenate, branding, healthy, intelligent, etc. in the broader context of rising consumption
The brand's reputation as one of the core elements of enterprise development will bring better customer stickyness to the product services of branded enterprises.
And it's also creating a wider imagination for branding business. Companies will continue to create and manage brands through multiple channels and forms, so that "home, love, Europe" can go deeper.
1. Activate in-house, manage the promotion of business 1 and threaten to strike, make the lines a good one Full upgrade of the operating management system, moving from a business-oriented and light management to a full-scale market environment in which traffic winds are changing rapidly.
Fine business management, reshaping the European system of business management values, reprogramming, expanding the field, making old channels, making deep new channels, developing marketing and manufacturing synergies to simulate corporate business dynamics, taking advantage of corporate branding platforms, and building enthusiasts.
The Ministry of Industry is independent: good decentralization and capacity-building are compatible with the new content of one-stop consumption, and accountability mechanisms within the out-of-the-flow flow are enhanced to enhance teamwork in the team; with “eligibility, stock-drawing.” Together with the entire company cabinet, the whole house is customised with two cores:
Simplify the "check team" by cutting every piece of excess fat out of the leading edge of a strong heart class, by designing a mechanism, marketing a strong muscle, and, at the same time, by further refining and activating performance management strategies, information tools, etc.
Mechanisms to encourage full ownership of change, initiative, innovation, full development and integration, to build a system of absolute competitive advantages, to be subjective, to be active, and to enhance organizational strength.
Support terminal, activation (1) supply of resources: provision of financial support series for distribution of 2 and the foundation of the strong system, building of human capacity Continue to adhere to European “fairness, light, cooperation, freedom”
(2) Supply of artillery: focused products, building explosives, powerfully driving the core of the corporate culture, and using institutionalized management mechanisms to fully stimulate the market.
End, full-scale uplifting, activation, battalion, further release of end product and service advantage; perimeter 3. Reduction of reloading, release of force
The idea of a “silent, high-paying, streamlined” talent strategy is to relax the end-of-control policy in a comprehensive manner, and to scale down and liberalize dealers. The Euro-based talent-building system leads to deeper, more radical orientations.
In the area of end talent building, active use of the confidence accumulated by the European brand to make the terminal more flexible, freeing the market of intangible power, powerful platform appeal, great talent, and the elite of the city.
It's just -- it's even cross-border hunting; it's a group strategic direction, not to do everything in its power to break new business opportunities in the process of integration.
All-channel layout, all-round expansion, making old channels, making deep new channels, using innovation as a nuclear tool, activating fighting power, pooling all resources to grab orders, grab traffic, and cater to the consumer mentality.
To “comprehensive innovation” to drive the industry forward. Fullness and changes in consumer decision-making, comprehensive reform of power suppliers, dynamic marketing, building on the core strengths of the European mechanism, and researching more effective, efficient, efficient, efficient, efficient, efficient, efficient, efficient, efficient, efficient, efficient, efficient, efficient, efficient, effective, efficient, efficient, efficient, efficient, efficient, efficient, efficient, efficient, efficient, efficient, efficient, efficient, efficient, efficient, efficient, efficient, efficient, efficient, efficient, efficient, efficient, efficient, efficient, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent, transparent and accountable, transparent, and accountable, and accountable, and accountable, and accountable, and accountable,
New engines, renewed power, strong innovation mechanisms, emphasis on innovation, heavy prize innovation. One is the assembly of second engines, the formation of the Group Marketing Model Innovation Department, and the pursuit of both sides of the mountain.
One is to open up traffic for new battlefields and achieve marketing channels, models, offensive strategies, and the second is to adapt further to the innovation of tools in product development and development.
Client resources; storming old housing patterns and pre-empting old markets; fast entry of advantages, full end-empowerment and enhanced end-fighting: third, bolder marketing information and power providers
To create a micro-business-town program that will give a fresh start to the full innovation of consumer models on the transformative line, achieve a live, packaged, retail fit-out option, a Euro-specific pk mechanism, a wide-scale account, a multi-routine operation,
To build and dig deep European super-flow pools, to grow lawn pollen, near-cut traffic: build Euro-special mcn mode, spin-net red-net explosion, informative support, full-scale empowerment.
The company is one of the few self-researched full-flow information management systems in the custom furniture industry, and the self-researched caxa full-process information system has been fully online and achieved.
The company will continue to increase the penetration of the information system in conjunction with its own brand, size, system, set-up, etc.
It's a process-wide enabling process that keeps companies at a level of information-based water equity and management ahead of the industry and provides a much broader imagination for the company's long-term development.
2. Risks of increased competition in the market: 3, risk of price volatility of raw materials; 4, risk of dealer management:
4. Risks of vendor management; 5, risks of brand management; 5, risks of brand management;
6. Risks in product quality; 6 Risks in product quality; I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Has been, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.