Centre for Research in Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE)
Nationally owned office software leads, building products and ecological barriers for 30 years. Thirty years in the field of deep-farming offices, major products have become internationally competitive and the largest provider of home-grown office software in the country, with 280 million registered users, accounting for 42.75 per cent of the total number of users in the domestic office market.
In March 2019, the company ' s main product was over 328 million per month, of which the wpsoffice desktop page was over 132 million per month, and the mobile version was over 187 million per month. Continued high research and development investment led to product upgrading, with 95 per cent of the funds raised for autonomous research and development, and a strong deep-down office software cloudy direction.
The high concentration in the office software industry is the inevitable trend, and Kimshan is expected to boost product penetration through four breakthroughs. The expansion of basic office software requires a good ecology, and the better the ecology, the more the product expands.
Rapidly, and this is why Microsoft office can grow rapidly. Industry, influenced by strong ecological properties, has a clear Martian effect, and high concentration is the inevitable trend. Product penetration will expand rapidly as soon as it reaches the point of entry.
1. The depth of the financial int industry: a high-quality track, leading the way, Quest, opening the door to the self-government and the military, nurturing the ecology and improving the production power of the political market, thus permeating the priority industries; and 2) at the end of c, building on the strength of the cloud plus mobile end, moving towards the pc end
Extensions; 3) content ecology, a top-heavy eco-vacancy, with differential advantage over market shares; 4) adaptation to the development of overseas markets along the way.
The market for software security is expected to start officially in 20 years, depending on the absolute leadership of the country-owned office software and its technological and ecological advantages, and the company’s 2g revenue will rise in an explosive fashion. The party’s political replacement will continue to be dominated by an authorized model, with the company expected to operate.
Public software products use authorized revenues of 20-21 years at a compound rate of more than 100%. 2) Clouds are the main engine of growth in the long term, and Saas's new track offers the company the opportunity to bend over: the future owner of cloud operations is expected to increase user fee conversion rates and arpu values from product and service experiences.
Cloud operations have increased exponentially, with revenues of $393 million, but the monthly penetration rate of pay-for-service users is only 1.55%, and there is much room for improvement in the future. Cloud-era companies, with their user size, ecology, and price advantages, are expected to catch up with their overseas giants in new areas.
First, the launch of the national production office software, with long-term benefits from the large trend of “Ancour” + “Cloud” — good product layouts, subscriptions + authorization + three-wheel drive of advertising
The company is the leading office software manufacturer in the country, with 280 million registered users, representing 42.75 per cent of the total number of users in the domestic office market. As of March 2019, the number of monthly users of the company ' s main product (mau) was more than 100 million, and the number of other products (the Golden Hills, etc.) was nearly 100 million.
The industry has strong ecological properties, and KIMshan is expected to boost product penetration through four breakthroughs. We believe that office software has strong ecological properties and industry concentration is an inevitable trend.
The dominant position at the end of pc, with a penetration rate of more than 97%. We believe that the main breakthroughs in the company’s future growth are: 1) at the end, benefiting from Anke’s needs, opening up breakthroughs in the area of self-government, nurturing ecology and slogans through the political market, and improving the production power of key industries; 2) at the end, penetration into key industries.
At the end of c, based on the advantage of the size of the Toyun+mobile End, gradually expands to the pc end; 3) content ecology, where differences dominate the top ecological gap and capture market shares. 4) In line with the trend of developing overseas home-grown office software all the way, the long-term benefits are “Acro” plus “Cloud.” The domestic office software market is currently seeping.
With a high penetration rate, the main growth logic for future offices in Kimshan lies in the competition for a market share for giants through the Ankee and cloud layout: 1) With the push of Anke demand, the demand of the party forces is expected to sustain the software-authorized business at a high rate: 2) Saas New Race offers the company the opportunity to bend over.
With a large group of users, the main task of the cloud age is to increase user fee conversion rates through product and service experiences and 30 years in the field of deep-farming offices, wps have gone through a journey of grandeur to the valley and to the recovery, through constant exploration, transformation and innovation, the company is transforming from its past product provider to its service/platform manufacturer:
1988-1994: The founder of Golden Mountain in 1988 asked Uncle-goon to launch wps1.0, officially opening the Chinese-language software era. In the next seven years, wps grew rapidly, once accounting for more than 90% of the country’s market share of office software.
1995-1997 Underestimated by Microsoft’s development: Microsoft Office entered China in 1995 with a monopoly and held over 90% of the market share for a long time. Despite the company’s development of Ancient Components to meet the challenge of Word, it did not win the market because of marketing and positioning misalignments.
In 1998-2010, the system of government was re-emerged: after China joined wto in 2001, the Chinese government made the first large-scale purchase of the original software. After six months of selection, wpsoffice made a difference.
Since then, wpsoffice has become a standard office platform for many ministries and departments of the State Council and for many provincial and municipal offices throughout the country. 2011-present, cloud transformation has fostered c-ecology: in 2011, a new version of android mobile products was released.
In 2015, the introduction of wps+Cloud Office reinforced new features such as cloud-side synergies, deployment on demand, security control, and continued enhancement of cloud service capabilities. Mobile end plus cloud-wide layouts catch up and “product” transformation “operates”.
Office software was introduced separately, divided into cloud and underline software products according to whether or not to sell License; pc and mobile end products according to the end of use. In 2011, in the context of strong competition for products from the office, more than 187 million mobile users became the first monthly users in the domestic market in March 2011.
Mobile end-of-end office software products. Since 2015, the company has saasted its own product, offering additional office service subscriptions to businesses and individuals, actively shifting from " products " to " services/operations " . As of the end of 18th year, the number of subscriptions to office services had reached a fee-paying membership.
9.331 million. We believe that cloud transformation, while smoothing the cyclical fluctuations associated with the sale of products, will change the company’s valuation method from pe to ps. The company is still in the early stages of the transformation, paying for it, and there is still much room for improvement in the future.
The company’s current income pattern is subscription + authorization + advertising, which has been rising steadily since the cloud transition, reaching 34.76 per cent in 2018, an increase of 126.75 per cent over the previous year. In addition, the Māori rate has increased by 17.8 ptt to 3 years as the subscription service matures.
From 2016 to 2018, the company ' s roe water was 27%. Idc rental costs were raised in 18 years and the Internet advertising business was reduced by 4.27%, affecting the combination.
1.2saas has achieved significant transformations, with a steady increase in cash flow for pre-receipts and operations. The number of subscribers and the rate of conversion of payments has increased rapidly, and there is still room for significant improvement in penetration. The company has made significant efforts to develop wps and shell members, and the number of subscriptions has continued to rise. By the end of 2018, the company paid.
Membership reached 9.32 million, and the number of live monthly users reached 4.81 million. The number of monthly payments paid by companies continued to grow, the cash flow of advance receipts and operations continued to grow, and the cloud transition proceeded well. The pre-collecting of accounts and cash flow of operations, as a precursor to the cloud transformation, has grown steadily in recent years.
To reach $194 million, an increase of 114.66 per cent, or 44.02 per cent of total liabilities.
Over the last three years, the company’s R & D costs have increased over the years, with comparable levels of investment being significant in comparable sectors, with a total of 1911 employees in 2018, of which 164 are technology and more than 400 are patented for inventions (including authorized patents).
As the scope and size of the business expands, the company’s sales staff grow by 41.05% over 18 years, and the sales cost of the company’s driving company increases by 216 million yuan over 18 years, accounting for 19.11% of total revenue.
The Division has served 69 out of 120 “World 500” Chinese enterprises; 82 out of 96 Chinese companies in the country. 1.495 per cent of the funds raised are for autonomous research and development, with strong deep-down office software clouding intelligence orientations, and companies will invest 1.947 billion yuan in research and development projects, with emphasis on product upgrading to become autonomous and manageable.
Up to 101 million shares are to be released for the Internet cloud service for office products, the upgrade of wpsoffice office software development, the upgrade of wpsoffice office software development and the construction of four projects by the CDC, of which only $103 million will be invested in the construction of the sales network.
Research and development (R & D). Corporate ownership of research and development in the field of cloud services, i.e. cloud services accounted for 29.75 per cent of research and development in the area of human intelligence, 15.55 per cent of research and development in the field of industrial intelligence.
2.1 Office software is expected to be more than 10 billion in 2020, software is expected to open the door for the launch of its original helper, and the basic office software market is expected to break out of 10 billion by 2020. In recent years, our software industry has remained generally stable. In 2010-2018, our revenues from software and information technology services grew from $1.36 trillion.
The rapid growth of the software and information technology services industry has provided an excellent basic development environment for the office software industry. According to World Information Statistics, the market for basic office software in China in 2018 was 8,534 million yuan, an increase of 9.7 per cent compared to the same year in 2017.
By 2023, the size of the industry market is expected to reach 14,904 million yuan, with a compound increase in the period 2018-2023
In 2011, the State Administration issued the Provisional Measures for the Management of Software Assets in Central Administrative Units to promote the protection of software intellectual property rights. In 2013, the Office of the State Council issued the “Notification of the Use of Positive Software Management Practices by Government Agencies”, which provides for a soft computer operating system.
In the same year, the Ministry of Finance issued software configuration standards that limit the cost of office software to up to $600 and, in exceptional cases, to over 1,400 dollars. We believe that the implementation of party software offers development opportunities for wps, on the one hand.
The firm’s home-grown software background is a natural advantage, driven by Annel’s demand; on the other hand, the price of wps products compares with that of the office: Microsoft Office purchases about $1100-1700, which do not meet the procurement criteria specified by the Ministry of Finance. By contrast, wps prices are $549-760, with a clear advantage in party institutions.
There are now more than 30 provincial, municipal, and autonomous governments, more than 400 municipal and district governments, and 90% of government procurement.
2.2 Breaking through the party's political and military field with the help of “Anke” needs, future penetration into key industries, full compatibility of products with the national production software and hardware system, and further enhancement of the Anko layout with the launch of the linux version. In response to Anke's demand, the company developed the wpsofficeforlinux version on its own, which includes, inter alia, wps text, wps tables.
Help clients move existing business applications at low cost to secure and reliable hardware and software platforms. Corporate products now fully support all mainstream platforms such as national production platforms (including cores, flyers, mags, chipes, etc.) and national production operating systems, such as Fukugi, digital software and printers, seals, electricity, etc.
Software and hardware manufacturers such as the Sub-Systems perform a number of product bottom optimization and product inter-prospection exercises to improve the user-friendliness and reliability of their products in a comprehensive manner through mutual certification and compatibility. At the same time, the products complete system adaptation and application in a number of major “nuclear high-tech” engineering projects in the country during the “12th and 13th” period.
Kim Shan has taken an absolute position in the government. Wpsoffice is one of the most widely used offices of the Chinese government. More than 70 ministries, committees, offices, and central government units, including the National Press and Publications Administration, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Industry and Informatics, and the Ministry of Science and Technology, have been procured and applied extensively in all provincial government units in the country.
Of the total procurement volume, wpsoffice accounted for nearly two thirds of the market share, including Zhejiang, Shanxi, Anhui, Hainan, Guangdong, Guangxi, Jiangxi, Hebei, Henan, Gansu, Ningxia Autonomous Region, Tibet Autonomous Region, Qinghai, Heilongjiang, Jilin, Liaoning, Yunnan.
Seize the opportunity of the party’s military to develop ecological and service capabilities, and expand to key sectors in the future.
In our view, the company’s business-level market, using government institutions as a starting point, nurtures ecology and reputations, and is expected to accelerate its outreach to key sectors outside the government, such as finance, education, steel, etc.
Figure 22: Selected clients of corporate products and services in the industry — Beijing University — Treasure and Steel Group
• The University of Khatami • The Kingdom of China — Chinese Steel
• Wudong University of Political Science and Law;
• Wuhan Steel — Pacific Insurance — China Geological University
• Ma Steel Group III. Eco-culture is gradually improving, and clouds are the main driving force for future growth.
Free + mobile end layout, strong access to c-end flow, first advantage to break through the msoffice trap. Seizing the opportunity of the lag in the layout of the Microsoft mobile Internet era, the company started in 2011 with a mobile end layout, and quickly cut off a large number of c-end users in the basic function free mode (MS has only been on the move end product since 14 years).
In 2011, Wps published the android version, and in early 2013 the ios version, which took only three months to get to the top of the business office list. By the end of March 19, more than 187 million mobile end-of-life households had become the first mobile office software product in the domestic market.
Products are highly integrated and lightly quantified deployment enhances user stickyness. Microsoft splits Words, Excel, PowerPoint into three separate applications, with limited free access. Unlike Microsoft product-separated marketing strategies, KIMshan understands the light and easy properties of the mobile end, and moves the end wps.
The functionally integrated product strategy, which integrates document scanning, conversion, sharing, presentation, reading, etc., into a product that meets the business needs of multiple scenes and significantly enhances user stickyness. As of May 19, wps stand-alone devices amounted to $71.54 million, contrasting the product lines of the msoffice, the company.
We believe that, through the free + mobile pre-emptive advantage, the company has taken an absolute advantage in the domestic c-end market, and that the future is expected to use the mobile end as a breakout point for the cloud shift to the pc end to boost user willingness to pay, and that the fast growth of subscription services is just beginning. Companies accumulated free of charge.
A large number of registered users have reached 280 million by the end of the 18th century. Since 15 years, the Saas subscription service has been promoted, offering subscription costs in the form of document browsing, cloud storage, resource sharing and smart glorification for individuals and business users.
Companies’ subscriptions have been growing exponentially in recent years, reaching $393 million in 2018, and there is still room for a significant increase in the rate of conversion of payments, and the cloud is the main engine of growth in the future. While the cloud business has experienced rapid growth in recent years, there is still a great potential for growth in terms of current rates of penetration.
The number of activities continues to grow, but the current rate of monthly payments/total monthly payments has increased from 0.31 per cent in 16 years to only about 18 years, with 3.2 eco-culture continuing to improve, the overseas market is expected to open up new growth, office software has strong ecological properties and industry concentration is a necessary trend. We believe that basic office space is soft.
The expansion requires the presence of well-developed ecology, including the size of users, partners, content services, etc., and the greater the eco-efficiency, the faster the scale of the product expands, which explains the rapid growth of the Microsoft office. Given the strong ecological properties of the industry, the Matthew effect is clear, and the high concentration is an inevitable trend. In our view, in the future,
The main breakthroughs of the office in Kimshan are: 1) penetration of key industries at the end of b) to benefit from Anko ' s needs, opening doors in the area of self-government forces, nurturing ecology and improving product power through the use of the political market; 2)
At the end of the c., based on the advantage of the size of the cloud + mobile end, there is a gradual expansion towards the pc end; 3) the advantage of the content ecology, which takes over the top of the layout, and captures the market share. 4) It is consistent with the development of the sea, the sea, the sea, the sea, the sea, and the creation of the content ecology. The company is actively building the content platform, the rice shell, and building the development.
In addition, the company provides customized design services for users and personalized and landscaped office materials, as required.
As of the end of 18th year, the Credentials Assembly, based on the huge number of users of wps, has been active in building content ecology; it has also launched a "million-year pay-per-cent game plus" program to support 100 content creators to achieve a million eco-realization. By the end of 18th year, the rice shell platform had reached more than 3,000 designers, with more than 80 million content downloads per month.
In the context of the perfect layout of the msoffice hardware and software ecology (plugs, vba, etc.), the company has developed a new path in the content, ecology, and is expected to achieve a response to the mega-localized technology team through differential advantage. We believe that the response is more timely than that of the overseas giants.
Localized services are the company’s strength. The company has established eight service centres in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Wuhan, Chengdu, Xian, and Joohai, with technical service staff from 30 in 2014 to 1,410 today, and authorized service providers cover 31 provinces and cities across the country, with customer service centres of 400 hot.
The range of technical support services includes: 1) service penetration products should be built through a full process, forward solution, medium-term implementation and later training maintenance, etc.; 2) large-scale client services are dedicated to following up the implementation of the project, providing product deployment, customization development, system testing, etc.
3. Specialized programme services to provide clients with privatized deployments and specific office security Chart 27: service centres throughout the country, ensuring timely response to the eight largest service centres across the country, and authorizing service providers to cover 31 provinces and municipalities
The total number of companies is more than 2,000, more than 70 per cent of them are the country ' s eight largest service centres, with more than 300 project technical service workers, and authorized service providers to cover 31 provinces and municipalities.
The Client Service Centre 400 hotline provides 24-hour full-time service to co-host the project.
In recent years, in line with the country’s “one-way” development, companies have entered South-East Asian markets, including Thailand, in 2016. The company’s products and services now cover more than 200 countries and territories, nearly half of the users.
One of these projects is the internationalization of office software ($513 million), which we believe will be accompanied by an increase in corporate investment in global marketing networks and technical services, with foreign markets crashing well above 2b. We believe that corporate performance for the next three years will be the highest point at 2b, mainly in the Anco market.
2g in 2b, party office terminals at 7.5 million, replacing three (2) in 20-22 years) Internet advertising, and it is expected that companies will continue to adhere to their original strategy of ensuring user experience and income 3), with the main increase coming from individual clients, whose revenues are expected to be maintained.
The company’s greatest performance over the next three years is measured by the Anko market, where it is expected that over the next two to three years, party turnover will continue to be based on an authorized model, benefiting from an alternative demand in the future, and that the authorized category of business will continue to grow at an accelerated pace, with income reaching 55% in 21 years. Meanwhile, with the company’s overall cloud + aiization, let’s see.
In view of the growth of the company over the next three years and its position as an absolute leader in the market for home-grown office software, I am starting a downward trend in demand for government-level procurement, which is not as fast as expected: uncertainty about the pace at which the demand is driven.
(a) The firm's strong position in the government sphere, growing or being hampered by falling demand;
▪ The project has not progressed as expected: the company ' s current fund-raising project, which is divided into four main directions and comprises 10 fund-raising projects, will innovate and close down a number of key technologies that, if not advanced in the future, can lead to the upgrading of the company ' s products, service optimization and impact on the expansion of internationalized operations.
Listing pricing: average price range at the date the stock is expected to be listed; Request price: price range declared by the person to whom the request is made.