Office software autonomy is a necessity, and the country's leader is in control.
Nationally produced office software: Kimsan office is the leading office and service provider in the country. wpsoffice office software is a core product of the company, and the product lines are now being used from the desktop to the multiplatform.
Over the past few years, corporate revenue and net profits have been growing at a rate of 1,130 million yuan in 2018, equal to 49.97 per cent in 2018 and 311 million yuan in mothers ' net profits, representing an increase of 44.94 per cent in 2018.
Three lines of business are close, with a synergistic drive for revenue growth. In an autonomous and manageable context, authorizing operations is expected to accelerate: the business of authorizing is the core business of the company, and wpsoffice has already gained a clear competitive advantage in the domestic market, with companies as of the end of 2018.
In March of that year, 328 million active users were the country’s largest national producers of office software. The advantages were evident in a number of priority areas, such as government, banks, and China, with over 85 per cent coverage. As the software was customized and self-controlled, user coverage and replacement of national production were catalyzed,
The rate is expected to increase further, leading to an accelerated growth in the authorized business.  Free + advertising model, making advertising available: based on a large number of active monthly users, using a “free + advertising” model, with products and a network of officials as the main vehicle to provide advertising camps for all types of advertising clients
Third-party platform promotion and advertising, with long-term and stable cooperation with a number of advertising clients.  Personal subscriptions drive a high rate of growth: office service subscriptions are divided into personal service subscriptions and corporate service subscriptions.
About 990,000 people grew annually to about 5.75 million in 2018, and about 1.06 million in 2016 to about 3.57 million in 2018. With the continuous upgrading of corporate product services and the continued increase in user willingness to pay, it is expected that user penetration rates will be further raised.
The largest office software manufacturer, based on the authorization of software products, with huge user resources, will transform and drive rapid penetration of value-added services.
The company was established in 1988 as the leading office software and service provider in the country, mainly for design development and marketing of wpsoffice office software products and services.
Provision of products, including wpsoffice office software and the Golden Mountain Phrase, and development of various value-added services based on office application landscapes, one-stop, multi-platform office application solutions, as well as Internet advertising outreach services in the media of products and related documents.
Wps Hong Kong is a shareholder in the company and holds 67.5% of the company’s shares.
Indirect control companies such as Wenwei, Qivin Viv, and Qivin VII have issued 11.99% of the shares.
Wpsoffice office software is the company’s core product. The company’s main products are wpsoffice office software and the Golden Mountain Phrase software, of which wpsoffice office software is the company’s core product, including the wpsoffice desktop and the wpsoffice mobile version.
The wpsoffice desktop is mainly used on computer end and, depending on the fit system, consists mainly of components such as wpsoffice wps demos, pdf readings, etc. Table 1: Different system platform interfaces
Wpsofficelinux version Wpsoffice mobile version Wpsoffice is based on office applications developed on android, ios platforms to support mainstream
Smart phones, mobile tablet devices, including wpsoffice mobile personal and wpsoffice mobile professional versions, typically with components such as wps text, wps tables, wps presentations, and pdf reading.
Transition from product to service model. As the company continues its technological change and business expansion, the main product lines extend from desktop to multi-platform full-line products, and the business model moves from traditional office software product use authorization to subscription to service, interconnectivity.
Online advertising promotes multi-modal developments and diversifys business around products such as company wpsoffice. Currently, the company ' s main business is divided into three lines: 1) authorization for the use of office software products: different types of software products for organizational-level clients of different sizes.
In the case of a smaller number of small- and medium-sized machine clients ordered for software needs, companies usually use a number of authorizations, and for large clients with a larger demand for software, usually (2) Internet advertising promotion services: companies use a “free plus advertising” model, based on products and official web pages.
The advertising and marketing services are provided to a variety of advertising customers through a variety of presentation formats.
Start display of advertising information in the cover program. Software does not affect the user's experience
In this case, provide a wide range of window sizes, including the front page, the banner, the top line, the big screen page.
There's a lot of ads for regular positions, hot jobs for Haimi, out of Hainan City.
Notestret odes.non.1981profiler
Oreserve 0 million from action + 100 dollars to provide tasking (clicking on ad link)
♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ The ♪ ♪ The ♪ The ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the the the the the the the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the the the the the the the ♪ the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the  the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the  the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
Uses+12888ss+mere: +100ten Opportunities to earn rice, earn rice
It can be used to buy a template for rice shells and clouds.
100mm + 300mm
Household service subscriptions are a company’s office application site for individual users and organizational-level clients, with a range of office applications that are tailored to the different needs of users. Individual members are divided mainly into wps (including super-members) and rice shell members.
The steady growth in corporate performance has benefited mainly from three factors: (a) the rapid expansion of alternative national production space in a context of autonomous control: (b) the growing competitiveness of corporate products, which has led to the expansion of the user base: (c) the strengthening and improvement of the marketing operating system
Business subscriptions drive the growth of Māori on a continuous basis. The company’s main business now includes office software product authorizations, Internet advertising promotion services, office service subscriptions, which are close to the Māori ratio in 2018. The company’s revenue from subscriptions to office services continued to grow from 2014 to 2018, becoming the majority of the growth in corporate performance.
The share of income from Internet advertising promotion services and subscriptions to office services has increased. Sub-businesses have seen a more stable Māori rate of authorized and Internet advertising, while the Māori rate of subscriptions to office services has continued to rise, mainly benefiting from higher income than the cost increase due to the size of subscriptions.
The cost rate of company R & D and sales rates declined steadily from 2016 to 2018, and the management rate decreased significantly, from 12.61% to 7.86%. Mainly, the company size effect has been increasing, management efficiency has been increasing, and overhead expenditure has been maintained at a lower level.
Figure 13: The composition of the company ' s workforce is growing year by year, showing good profitability.
2.1. The number of users of office software still has room for improvement. The wave of Internet access has led to the spread of office software. Global Internet penetration is now showing a significant increase.Cnnic statistics show that, by the end of December 2018, there were around 829 million Internet users in the country.
The growth in volume has also contributed to the growth in the number of users of office software. According to World Wide Information Statistics, the size of basic office users in China was 655 million in 2018, with a compound growth rate of 6.8% in 2012-2018, and it is expected that the size of the home office software market and the number of users will continue to grow in the future.
Figure 15: China ' s size of office software users 2012-2018. Mobile office penetration rates are increasing. The increasingly widespread use of smart mobile terminals and the growing maturity of mobile office scenes have triggered a second flight of office software applications. As global mobile Internet applications develop, smartphones are used to represent them.
Smart mobile terminals are becoming more widely available. According to idc, global smartphone exports in 2012 amounted to approximately 723 million, compared to 1,405 million in 2018, with a combined growth rate of 11.7% over the period. The overall volume of smartphone exports in China ' s market is also on the rise, rising from 213 million in 2012 to 398 million in 2018, with a compound growth rate of over the period.
As the concept of “Internet+” emerges, businesses are approaching a wave of “Internet+” transformations. And office software, as part of an enterprise’s “Internet+” demand, can be created.
Business-level clients provide richer office applications and solutions that sustain the business-level office market.
The problem of piracy, one of which is the monopoly of Microsoft Offices. Regularization is the basic condition for the development of home-grown office software, which cannot compete against the zero cost of piracy. With the country’s increasing focus on intellectual property, departments such as the State Council and the Copyright Authority have introduced a series of policies to support the development of the basic software industry, intellectual property policy will be instrumental.
The ownership of office software is key to information security. Office software is one of the most widely applied software in basic software and is closely related to information security.
Autonomously controlled systems provide new opportunities. The backbone of the national production software industry is expected to grow rapidly, driven by an overall strategy to replace national production. Users are increasingly interested in information security and are beginning to opt for brand names.
Software enterprises with combined advantages, such as slogans, technology and capital, and manufacturers that can provide secure and reliable products, particularly those with more technological capabilities that can protect customer privacy and safeguard industry-sensitive information. As an important part of the software enterprise, the backbone of the basic office software industry is in a good policy environment and a positive trend.
The market for office software has grown steadily, and the market for office software has grown steadily. In 2018, the market for basic office software in China was 8,534 million yuan, compared to 2017.
Year-on-year growth of 9.7 per cent is projected to reach industry market size of $14.904 billion by 2023, and recovery from 2018-2023. Figure 17: Size of office software market (in billions of dollars) Nationally produced office software is increasing market share. Office software market due to high technical thresholds for office software products
There are only a few manufacturers competing, and the main competing companies in the country and abroad are Microsoftoffice (Microsoftoffice), gsuite (Google), iwork ( apples), wpsoffice (Kingsan office), Yong-chung Office (Yong-jung), and the winning bid China Office (the winning bid).
Continuous research on user needs, optimization of user experiences, and increased market share of office software desktops with more flexible pricing strategies and individualized services.
Wpsoffice already has a certain competitive advantage in the market. Focusing on the domestic market, besides Microsoft's microsoftoffice, wpsoffice, Yong-chung office, and the winning popular office are the main brands in the domestic market.
By the end of 2018, Wps users accounted for 42.75% of the total number of registered users in the country’s city, and have grown into the largest provider of home-grown office software. Given the size of the company’s free-of-charge users, there is greater scope for future market expansion.
The number of active users exceeded 328 million and the number of mobile end users grew rapidly. In March 2019, the number of monthly active users of the main product (mau) exceeded 328 million, of which the number of monthly active users of the wpsoffice desktop version exceeded 132 million, leading the number of office users in other countries: the number of monthly active users of the wpsoffice mobile version exceeded 187 million: other products of the company (e.g., other products of the company).
The monthly number of active users is close to 100 million; the wpsoffice mobile version has reached more than 220 countries and territories around the world, ranked first in the global Googleplay and Chinese appstore office applications market, and is the first mobile office software to be a monthly active user in the domestic market.
The company’s products and services are widely used in a number of important areas, such as government, finance, energy, and aviation, and are particularly effective in the public sector, now covering more than 30 provincial and municipal governments and more than 400 municipal and district governments. As of the end of March 2019, Wealth magazine revealed that “500 the world”
Of the top 120 Chinese enterprises, companies have served 69, or 57.50 per cent; of the country's 96 companies, 82 clients, or 85.41 per cent, have served; and in the financial sector, in particular, the five largest merchant banks in the country are company clients, and of the 12 national joint-stock commercial banks, 11 clients, or 91.67 per cent, have served.
The national stock-based commercial banks fully adapt their products to national production platforms and are expected to benefit first from national production.
The company-owned version of wpsofficelinux has fully supported national production platforms (e.g., cores, fly-towers, megachips, Shinwes, etc.) and operating systems, and has completed system adaptation and application promotion in a large number of major “nuclear high-tech” demonstration projects during the period “12th and 13th” of the country.
In this context, companies, as champions of nationally produced office software products, are expected to take the lead in the process of nationalization. Internet advertising promotion services 3.1. The domestic online advertising market continues to grow and mobile advertising dominates the market
According to the 43rd Statistical Report on the Development of the Internet in China, published by cnic, the size of China’s Internet advertising market reached $371.7 million in 2018, an increase of 25.7% over the previous year, and remained high. As the software industry’s “free plus advertising” rises, software companies will share Internet advertising.
Between 2012 and 2018, the combined growth rate of the Internet advertising industry reached 30.0 per cent, and figure 20: The size and growth of the Internet advertising market, mobile advertising, dominated the market. As mobile terminals grew at a high rate, advertising was gaining momentum.
The overall market for mobile advertising is growing at a much faster rate than the market for online advertising, which currently accounts for about 70% of the total, and will continue to grow. The number of people connected within the country is also on the side side of this trend, which, according to cnic statistics, was 817 million in December 2018, up from the end of 2017.
With the rapid growth in demand for mobile businesses in entertainment, consumption, and office, more applications, including mobile offices, are becoming part of the ad operation array. 3.2. By the "free plus advertising" east wind, the Internet advertising promotion service has grown steadily.
With the emergence of a “free-to-advertise” model in the software industry, companies actively exploit the value added of users, working with advertisers to share the dividends of the Internet advertising economy, based on the large number of users accumulated over the years.
The third-party platform promotes business, and the third-party platform promotes electronic platform agreements, mainly between companies and networks such as the Treasures Alliance and the 100-degree Alliance, using the flow of their own products to meet the demand of third-party advertisers for advertising on the Internet.
The four models are based on the different methods of advertising billing. The Internet advertising operations are divided into interfaces and task groups according to the different modes of presentation.
(costaction) cpc Users specify a link for each time they click on the advertising owner, and the advertising client pays a fee to the company for the company ' s advertising income.
(costperclick) There has been a steady increase in Internet advertising sales. With brand values and user advantages, companies have established long-term and stable partnerships with a number of advertisers, and business income has increased year by year.
The company’s office service subscriptions include personal service subscriptions and corporate service subscriptions. For institutional clients, under the subscription mode, clients can use the company’s existing and new product service modules at all times and receive continuous product upgrading and technical support services.
Two fee-paying members (including super-members), Riceshell Members, provide office applications such as cloud files, document fixes, pdf tool packs for users. Figure 22: Comparison of privileges
The number of members and the number of payers has continued to grow and the penetration rate has increased. By optimizing product services, about 5.75 million people have been introduced annually, and the number of rice shell members has increased from about 1.06 million in 2016 to about 3.57 million in 2018.
In the last three years, there has been a rapid increase in the rate of conversion of the number of user fees paid by companies. As of March 2019, the number of users of monthly payments was 329 million, the number of paid members was 5.699 million, the penetration rate of paid users was 1.73 per cent, and there was scope for a significant increase in penetration.
Figure 25: Low penetration of user fees Individual subscriptions drive a high growth in income. The high growth rate of the company’s membership in wps and riceshells in 2018 increased the overall high growth of the company’s office services subscription business.
In addition to upgrading the wps office software products, the future company will focus on the direction of artificial intelligence and cloud, and will increase its outreach in overseas markets.
1) The main clients of the office software product use authorization are concentrated in government, finance, etc., and according to the PFP description, companies will in the future increase their investment in secure and secure areas and will benefit in the coming years from software-reforming, autonomous control, and the expansion of overseas markets. We expect to have 2 to 3 million national mainframe replacements in the coming year, with an average grant of one mainframe.
2) While Internet advertising services benefit from the increasing number of users and active users, 3) Office service subscriptions: the number of paid members and the number of Arpus in personal service subscriptions are ongoing, it is expected that the leading players in the area of firm segmentation will be in place, and in the current process of clouding office transformation, office service subscriptions have a significant growth space.
These comparable companies are mainly engaged in the development and marketing of basic and applications based on office management software, and are in a leading position in their segmented industries.
Considering the accelerated phase of national production substitution in the field of office, the competitiveness of corporate products and the capacity of R & D are expected to increase market share further in the future, while value-added services are expected to further enhance corporate performance by giving a certain value-added premium, we recognize that the pace of rotation is not as high as expected, affecting the competitiveness of corporate products and thus adversely affecting future business development.
2. The growth of user fees has not been as high as expected: the company ' s office services business has been growing at a high rate for nearly three years, and subsequent cost payments have not increased at the rate expected and will have a negative impact on the company ' s revenues.3 National production has not advanced as much as expected: the use of domestically produced computers has been slower than expected, bringing company wps products
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMS), Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. already has an advisory board on securities investment.