On November 5, 2019, the office was the leading office software and service provider in the country.
Wpsoffice design development and marketing of office software products and services. The company has been working on applied research and business expansion in the area of office applications, gaining insight into and mastering the user ' s day-to-day business practices and applications, with over 30 office software areas.
More than 310 million users (mau) of which wpsoffice desktop monthly activities over 120 million users and leading other national production office software: wpsoffice mobile monthly active users over 181 million; other products of the company (e.g., Golden Hills)
• “Internet+” drives a growing business-level office market. According to the National Directorate of Commerce and Industry, there are 11,210 million households a year, with a 12-3.3 per cent increase in compound growth over the period, according to the software industry.
Current trends suggest that free and fee-paying products will coexist over the long term throughout the business-level market in the future, with small and medium-sized enterprises and entrepreneurial teams requiring free products to reduce operating costs: large enterprises and high-end clients want to buy their products by paying for them.
Good security of goods and services. A free or fee-paying model will provide more favourable development opportunities for office software manufacturers, and there may be competition and co-operation and innovation between future manufacturers, thus providing more and better business-level customers.
In recent years, the domestic software industry has grown significantly faster than the gdp, accounting for GDP.
As of 2018, the domestic software industry accounted for more than 7.0% of gdp, and penetration and motivation in all areas of social life and production continued to increase. As the software and information technology services industry developed rapidly, office software became more available.
The environment for basic industrial development is improving: user perceptions and information transfer are more advanced in the country, providing strong guarantees for the further development of the office software industry. World data show that the market for basic office software in China was 85.34 in 2018.
Millions of yuan, an increase of 9.7% over 2017, are projected to lead domestic competitors by 2023 in terms of penetration and application of the products of the industry. Thanks to the comparative advantage of the public sector’s product pricing strategy, the company’s products have enjoyed high market penetration in recent years.
The penetration rate (user usage) and the interest of domestic users in corporate products continues to rise year by year.
The Media Index averaged 34,240, leading other domestic competitors in terms of penetration and application ranking. Companies insist on autonomous and manageable development paths.
Undertake an in-depth study to develop an Internet cloud office application service system through breakthroughs in core technology, create a new smart office model, and improve user experience across the board.
Many mainstream operating platforms, such as Linux, Marcos, adroid, ios, provide a one-stop, multiplatform application solution for clients.
The Division, as a strategic emerging firm, has high technical barriers and high competitiveness in the area of office software, which should have some valuation advantages. However, as the public software industry matures in the future, companies may face increased competition in the industry.
Risks. When considering these factors together, we carefully use the average value of the valuation results of the relative valuation method and the absolute valuation method as the basis for a company ' s reasonable valuation, i.e. the company ' s reasonable, leading office software and service providers in the country.
The company is the leading office software and service provider in the country. It has been working on application research and business expansion in the area of office applications, gaining insight into and mastering the user's day-to-day business practices and applications, having over 30 years of research and development experience and technological accumulation in the area of office software. The company is mainly involved in the design of wpsoffice office software products and services.
In December 2018, the number of monthly active users of the company’s main product (mau) exceeded 310 million, of which the Wpsoffice desktop version had more than 120 million monthly active users, leading other national production office software; the wpsoffice mobile version had more than 181 million monthly active users; and the company’s other products (e.g., the Golden Mountain Phrase) were connected monthly active users.
The wpsoffice mobile version covers more than 220 countries and territories around the world, ranks first in the global Googleplay and Chinese appstore office applications market, and maintains its leading position. Companies insist on autonomous research and development, with autonomous intellectual property rights over core technologies.
In-depth research on a variety of key technologies, such as technology, spreadsheet computing techniques, animation techniques, online co-ed editing, secure files, and data co-sharing, through breakthroughs in core technologies, the creation of an Internet Cloud Office Application Service, the creation of a new smart office model, and the overall upgrading of user experience.
The service consists mainly of value-added services based on company products and related documents, as well as Internet advertising services that provide a one-stop, multiplatform application to clients
The company’s core product wpsoffice serves users in the field of office for more than 30 years, its products and services involve party organs, businesses and large and medium-sized enterprises, and is widely used in a number of important areas, such as finance, aviation, energy and construction.
Of the top 120 Chinese enterprises, the company has served 69, or 57.50 per cent; of the country's 96 companies, the public sector has served 82 clients, or 85.41 per cent; and in the financial sector in particular, the country's five largest countries have commercial banks, all of which are corporate customers, and of the 12 national joint-stock commercial banks, the company has served 11 clients, compared to the total of 85.41 per cent.
The company’s product penetration rate and application ranking are among the leading domestic competitors. Thanks to the company’s product-pricing strategy, the company’s products have had a high market penetration rate (user usage) in recent years, and domestic users have a higher rate of penetration of the company’s products.
In March 2019, the wpsoffice ranked first in the Ireapp National Index category for office management: in March 2019, the average of the Wps Media Index in the 100-degree index reached 34,240, leading other domestic competitors in terms of penetration and application ranking.
2. The software industry has grown rapidly, steadily and rapidly, and the industry has grown steadily. According to the data published by the Operational Monitoring and Coordination Department of the Ministry of Trade and Communications, the software industry’s Economic Performance Rapid Report shows that the software and information technology services industry has been softened throughout 2018.
From 2010 to 2018, revenues from software and information technology services increased from RMB 1.36 trillion in 2010 to RMB 6.31 trillion in 2018, with an annual compound increase of 21.1 per cent and a steady growth trend.
In recent years, the domestic software industry has grown significantly faster than the gdp, and its share of GDP has risen steadily. By 2018, the software industry had reached more than 7.0% of the gdp, with increasing penetration and motivation in all areas of social life and production.
The rapid development of the IT services industry and the improved environment in which the basic development of the office software industry is taking place: household perceptions and information transfer are more advanced in the country, providing strong guarantees for the further development of the office software industry. According to worldwide data, China ' s basic office software market in 2018 was 8,534 million yuan in size, up from the same year in 2017.
According to data from the National Directorate of Commerce and Industry, the number of domestic enterprises grew from 54,947,000 in 2012 to 1,102,000 in 2018, a period of compound growth.
12.3% as the number of future firms increases, more firms will join the “Internet+” transformation wave in the future. Moreover, according to current trends in the software industry, free and fee-paying products will coexist over the long term across the entire business-level market in the future, and small and medium-sized enterprises and entrepreneurial teams will need free products to reduce operating costs; large firms and high-end firms will need to do so.
Clients want to provide good security for the products and services they purchase by paying fees. A free or fee-paying model would provide more favourable development opportunities for office software manufacturers, and there could be competition and co-innovation between future manufacturers, thereby providing more and better office solutions for business-level clients and making business-level jobs work.
Corporate products and services are widely used in a number of important areas, such as government, finance, energy, and aviation. In 2018, the top five clients of the company earned 27.68 per cent of sales, of which Ali ' s mother, Skycats and treasures under the Alibaba banner were the first clients, while sales earned 13.87 per cent.
In 2016-2018, the company ' s overall strength and profitability grew and profits continued to grow. In 2018, the company achieved operating income of $112,968.11 million, an increase of 49.97 per cent over the previous year, and a net return to the mother of $31,066.66 million, an increase of 44.94 per cent over the same period.
The growth in corporate income has largely benefited from: 1) growing demand and the growing size of markets: 2) increasing competitiveness of corporate products and services; 3) increasing market development and maintenance; and (3) equity structures and financing processes.
In addition to the controlling shareholders, the shareholders holding more than 5% of the company’s shares are Qiwen Five-D and Morning Two.
Figure 8: Corporate equity structure Corporate financing history as shown below: Total funds raised are $2.05 billion. The fund raised is divided into four main directions: 1) wpsoffice office software development
In total, there are 10 fund-raising projects that will generate new and new technologies, upgrade the products of office software, optimize services and expand internationalization operations through new technologies.
iv. Analysis of bid companies and valuation of similar companies. Office software industry to which the company belongs, a stock marketed and comparable to the company’s business.
Among domestic companies that are comparable to corporate business, high-end software is the home-grown erp product and service delivery provider, mainly consulting, marketing and managing software applications for information-based construction and management in manufacturing, circulation and microenterprises.
Friends Network is the leading integrated, integrated and eco-style business service provider in the country, committed to the digital transformation and intelligent development of Chinese and global enterprises and public organizations, promoting changes in the business services industry, using technology to promote business and social progress.
Toyoap Private Clouds is the most widely applied corporate computing platform for large Chinese businesses and public organizations, and is used by small and medium-sized enterprises and various types of enterprises in their public application services. East China is the leading provider of basic software and information security solutions in the country, through advanced software products.
Products and technologies provide clients with safe and reliable intermediates, information security, innovative applications and solutions that help users achieve business innovation, security control, and data sharing and value mining. As leaders of home-grown intermediates, software products such as the East Commons intermediate, information security software and solutions are widely used in thousands of industries in the country.
More than 2,000 business-level users and 500 partners in finance, government, energy, transport, etc. UIDA, established in 1998 as a building-based industry, provides clients with products and solutions for professional applications in the area of construction and engineering around the life cycle of the construction project, with large industrial data and new capital.
A digital architecture platform with value-added services. Its software has long been guided by a big data strategy, managing a two-wheel drive of software and digital communications operations, building a comprehensive capacity for a big data-integrated service of b2b2c around business advice, product technology and solutions.
The main business of the household is the management software and the digital dissemination of two major business plates. The Pan-MicroNet, a “Big Software Enterprise within the National Planning Layout” was established in 2001 to focus on the collaborative management of the software area and to work with companies that work with zeroa at the core to help them build a universal mobile platform.
The mobile office sector, which has built several industry poles such as Shanghai Medicines, ReStarts, Greenfields and others, has successfully served competition abroad. Google, a multinational technology firm based in the United States, was established in 1998 as the world's largest search engine, including Internet search, cloud computing, advertising technology and so on, while developing and introducing it.
Microsoft, a multinational technology company based in the United States and a pioneer in the development of personal computer software worldwide, is mainly involved in the development, manufacture, authorization of computer software services, the most well-known and best-selling product of which is Microsoft.
The company ' s Māori ratio, which is lower than that of a wide network and higher than that of other comparable companies, is generally at a higher level, with higher R&D costs, mainly: 1) the full costing of company R&D expenditures; and 2) the larger scale of corporate R&D inputs and higher salaries in order to increase the depth and breadth of their products and services.
Corporate sales costs are generally within the range of comparable company sales costs, and are more consistent with the user network. As the company expands, the size effect increases, management efficiency increases, and the company maintains its management costs at a lower level after deduction of share payments.
The average number of companies listed in the same industry is 59.2 times higher than the average number of companies listed in the same industry. Of these, the average number of companies listed in the same industry is 79.24 times the average of companies listed in the same sector; and the average number of companies listed in the same industry abroad is 31.84 times the average.
1. Assumptions and profit projections 1) Office services subscription operations: we expect revenue from corporate office services subscription operations to be collected in 2019-2021
The Subscription model, which places greater emphasis on service and differentiation than the traditional use authorization model for office software products, will be promoted by companies in the future, another growth pole in corporate business development.
3) Office software products use authorized business: we expect corporate office software products to use authorized business The company’s office software products use authorized business models such as quantity authorization, space authorization, etc. The company’s office soft products use authorized business is expected to benefit from the nationalization of government and business office software.
(4) Corporate sales costs, management costs, R & D costs, etc., remain flat as companies increase their cost controls, and other factors such as corporate income and profits, tax rates, etc., remain stable. We first calculate the company’s reasonable valuation level by relative valuation and absolute valuation, respectively.
(1) The relative valuation (pe) is based on the state of development of the business in which the office is located, the stage of the company's development and the level of profitability, and we value the company using a pe-to-pe valuation method. Given the characteristics and location of the project board, we expect the company to be well-placed at the beginning of the market.
As a result, we have selected an office software company: Ding Ji, Orient, Guangta, Friends Network, average of 59.2 times the yearpe, with a reasonable value of $50.91 per unit (after ipo) for the office. (2) Cash flow method (dcf)
In the dcf model, the core assumptions are as follows: assuming a company beta coefficient of 1.14, a target equity ratio of 100 per cent, a risk-free rate of 3.11 per cent, and a wacc (plus average capital cost of rights) of 10 per cent, with a constant growth rate of 3 per cent.
In addition, companies, as strategic emerging firms, with high technical barriers and greater competitiveness in the area of office software, should have some valuation advantages. However, as the office software industry moves in the future,
Growing up, companies may face the risk of increased competition in the industry. When considering the above factors, we carefully use the average value of the valuation results of the relative and absolute valuation methods as the basis for the company's reasonable valuation, i.e., the company's reasonable valuation centre is $44.75/stock, which corresponds to 52.04 times the pe in 2019, which corresponds to a market value of $20.630 billion (after ipo is amortized).
This report is produced by Chinese securities and is intended for customers of Chinese securities only. The company will not receive this report because the recipient receives it.
But there is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial position and specific needs of the persons who were taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual to anyone.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial status and specific needs.