In-depth report from the office in Kimshan (688111.sh) in response to the trend of national production and cloudization, the lead in benefiting from the national production office software tapa 1310517001
1. The largest office software service provider in the country has a significant advantage compared to its domestic counterparts, with international interest in differentiation & price advantage. The company provides products, including wps office software and the Golden Mountain Phrase, with 42.75% of China’s office software user size in 2018, 329 million Wps products per month at the end of March 2019, and a leading domestic municipality, with more than 200 countries and territories using corporate products globally.
Clients and standard support are more compatible, and the dynamic layout moves and turns over, ranking in the global googleplay, Chinese appstore, software application market; price advantages are clear, with standard service package prices ranging from about one third to one in two international brands.2 The strategic layout of the industry is maintained, with individual subscriptions running at a core growth engine of 233 per cent in five years.
(Yoy 50 per cent) with a net profit of $311 million (Yoy 45 per cent) for the parent, of which approximately one third were authorized for business/advertisement/subscribe operations; the company was operating through a strategic layout, providing diversified cloud services that drove individuals and institutions to collect 150 per cent of cagr over five years, wps membership grew from approximately 990,000 in 2016 to about 5.75 million in 2018, and riceshell membership grew from about 1.06 million in 2016 to about 3.57 million in 2018, but the rate was only 2 per cent.
3. At the industry level: software is positive + national production is a major trend. The country began to implement software-reform control in 2001 and continued to use intellectual property protection as a framework document in 2019. Moreover, as the international situation, such as the China-United States trade war, has become more complex and the trend of software nationalization and self-control is becoming clearer, and the office in Kimshan, as the leader of domestic office software, is expected to respond to industry trends and national will to grow.
1. Office in Kimsan: leading office software and service providers in the country 2. Market environment is gradually optimized, and technical barriers to office software are highlighted
3. Office in Phnom Penh: technology development, model innovation 4. Future project orientation 1. Office in Phnom Penh: leading office software and service providers in the country
Thirty years of deep farming, favored by almost half of the domestic office market users, the Lui Army held an indirect share of 11.99 per cent, the company's real masters.
1.1 For 30 years, close to half of the users of the domestic office market favored the largest national production office software and service provider to be listed on 18 November 2019. Kim Shan is a listed subsidiary of the Kimsan software branch, which is primarily involved in the design development and marketing of wpsoffice office software products and services, following the Hong Kong Exchange 2007
For platform applications, corporate services include, inter alia, value-added services based on corporate products and related documents, and Internet advertising promotion services that provide a one-stop, multi-platform application solution for clients. Of these, the wpsoffice series, which started in 1988, is one of the world’s oldest office software products, with more than 30 years of research and development experience and technological accumulation in the office software field.
Chart: The company’s main product for both organization and individual users has been deep farming for 30 years, and has gained the popularity of nearly half of the domestic office market, with a rapid increase in penetration and the highest number of mobile office users.
The company wps office software users account for 27.81%, 38.40% and 42.75% of the total number of users in the domestic office market, and the Wpsoffice mobile version covers more than 220 countries and territories around the world, ranks first in the global googleplay and appstore office applications market and maintains a leading position. Domestic business services cover a high proportion of services, and products and services are widely used in a number of important areas, such as government, finance, energy, and aviation.
It is clear that more than 30 provincial and municipal autonomous governments and more than 400 municipal and county governments are now covered. The offices in Kanshan cover a very high percentage of domestic clients, with 82 of the 96 companies serving in the city, or 85.41%.
Charts: wps cover areas, etc. Chart: wps users account for the total number of office users in the country.
Wpsoffice, golden mountain files, rice shells, golden mountain words, more than 500 million files are written every day in wpsoffice flat products around the world.
Office software products and services, created, edited and shared on over 220 platforms worldwide
By the end of 2018, the wpsoffice was moving overseas for months.
The station was downloaded and used for 30 years, and was favoured by nearly half of the users of the domestic office market.
We want to get to the capital, release wps2000, hold a conference on the future of Yun-ai, and launch a wpsoffice overseas.
□wps2000 collection of text processing, spreadsheets, multimedia presentations □ office document storage platform, office document resource platform version to open up the Japanese market
Five main functions: making, layout, image processing, etc. □ platform-wide office space □ Kim Shan software in Hong Kong
□ The hard copy quickly opened up the city of Hong Kong, Taiwan and Macau □ the office software of the collective artificial intelligence function
2001-2005 Development of wps1.0 “Government buys the first shot”, wps secondary entrepreneurship
Wps mobile version released, gold mountain secure cloud storage opened the era of Chinese word processing □ cross-platform and compatibility
□ take advantage of the mobile office front, enter the mobile Internet age □ personal users have permanent free storage, backup, synergizing, migration □ safe cloud storage in Golden Mountain
□ Full coverage of the government company bank 1.2. Indirectly owned 11.99% of the company’s owner, Wps Hong Kong, and 11.99% of the owner’s owner, Wps Hong Kong, was established in 2015.
In 1992, Mr. Liang joined the Golden Mountain Company, and Mr. Liang did not directly own the office share in KIMshan, and indirectly owned 11.99% of KIMshan's office through the possession of the gold mountain software, wps Cayman, wps Hong Kong, the Internet, Chiwenii, Chiwenvi, Chiwenvi, and Chiwen VI.
In November 2015, members of the former Wps Holdings and the Staff Incentives Scheme jointly set up the Chivani, Chivanii, Chivan IIIvi, Chivinivi, Chivinvi, Chivinvi, Chivinvi, Chiwenviii, Chiwenji, Chiwenviii, Qivi, Chiwenixi, Chiwenji, Chiwenji, Chiwenvi, Chiwen Tenvi, and Chiwenji.
Seventy-five million shares, or 20.83% of the company’s former ipo stock. □ Incentive systems create a talent advantage.
The combined talent team, especially in key technical areas such as "data cloud storage, mobile Internet applications, smart data processing, home-grown systems fit and secure cloud files", establishes a dedicated technical research team to provide continuous technical expertise for all product stages and makes a prominent contribution to the line of operations. The corporate management team and the research and development staff are rich in office software development and project implementation (larger).
Part of the workforce is more than five years old, and the advantage of talent is evident in the country. 1.2 The Lei army has an indirect share of 11.99%, and the overall net profit for the company is rising and slowing down.
Net profits rose by 138.46 percentage points from 130 million yuan in 2016 to 310 million yuan in 2018. The slowdown in corporate net profits in 2019 was mainly due to increased R & D inputs.
□ The company attaches great importance to R & D, at a rate of more than 35% for the last three years. Compared to the R & D rate of nearly four years for six comparable companies, the average R & D rate for the other six companies is 19.20%, and the office in Phnom Penh is clearly in high position. The share of company technicians is also very high, with a total of 1,972 employees as at 31 March 2019, of whom 1,411 are technicians, representing 71.55% of the company ' s total.
Software engineering professionals with experience in software development and management. In 2018, the company increased the establishment of Wuhan King Mountain and An Qui Jinshan, resulting in additional R & D costs of $46.627 million in 2018 and January-March 2019, and $24.8192 million.
1.3 A steady increase in revenue, with high R & D investment costs comprising mainly employee remuneration and an increase in R & D staff from year to year. In the first quarter of 2016-2019, the share of staff in R & D costs was more than 75 per cent, and in the first quarter of 2019 it was 81 per cent. The per capita remuneration of R & D staff was 26.42 million yuan for 2016-2018, 28.6 million yuan for 2016-2018.
As of March 31, 2019, companies and subsidiaries had a total of 179 patents, 293 copyrights for computer software and over 500 patents for inventions (including authorized patents). At the same time, the Office is currently taking on a number of important national and provincial specializations, and the development and implementation of projects are building up key technologies such as cross-platforms, cloud storage, collaborative office, etc.
As companies grow in size, the impact of scale increases, and management efficiency increases, they can also increase.
The company maintains a low management cost rate after deduction of share payments. The management cost rate after deduction of share payments was below 9% in the first quarter of 2016 and 2019. □ Māori is at the same level as the industry, and operating cash flows continue to be positive. The company ' s Māori rate remains at over 80% and operating cash flows continue to be constant.
Positive, and growing year by year, companies are well profitable. Chart: Lower rate of management costs after deduction of share payments Chart: Māori is above 80% and upstream in the same industry
1.3 A steady increase in revenue and the profitability of large-scale R & D companies has led to a marked increase in per capita income generation and per capita income generation over the past three years. From 2014 to 2018, the number of employees has been rising year by year. 2. Market environment has gradually been optimized and barriers to the office software industry have been highlighted
Policies such as hard copy software are very profitable and self-controllable, market size, user size are on the rise, office software industry barriers are high, and the network effects of leading firms are hard to break.
2.1 Policies such as the formalization of software continue to be beneficial and self-controllable □ the State continuously promotes the formalization of software and provides a great deal of demand in the area of office software services. Already in 2001, the State Department officially launched the formalization of software, issuing the Notice on the Use of the active version of software to Clear Stolen Software. After many years of efforts, government agencies have largely completed the formalization of software and business software.
On November 24, 2019, the Central Office of the Communist Party and the Office of the State Council issued the Opinion on Enhancing Intellectual Property Protection, a framework document that guides intellectual property protection.
In recent years, policies such as the formalization of our software and the formalization of our software, 2.1, have continued to benefit from the development of national information security, and it is the national will to do so. The trade friction between China and the United States extends from the economic and trade spheres to the scientific and technological fields, and self-control is a necessity for our country.
As the country’s leading office software and service provider, it is qualified to provide office software and services to institutions such as party agencies and institutions.