In 2017, the company actively pushed the 350-km-hph Recovery team back on line, at a speed of 250 km-h.
The Hing group, the long formation of the 350 km-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h.
Emerging business is emerging. In 2017, the company was emerging, taking advantage of its core technology, focusing on new and emerging strategic business such as new materials, new energy sources, environmentally friendly water treatment equipment, seawork equipment, focusing on market segmentation, enhanced market development, wind power equipment entering the European Union.
On the ground, new developments are taking place in urban and rural environmentally sound sewage treatment operations, with overseas mergers and acquisitions of German stock/flow (millions of shares) Boge, UK smd, etc., leading companies in the expansion of cars, ships, seamen, etc.
The overall market value/flow (millions of dollars) has been particularly effective, with new industries growing and growing. Companies continue to feed deep into overseas markets. Companies actively expand overseas markets and promote export production.
From the lower to the lower middle, new breakthroughs have been made in high-end markets overseas, such as the United States and Europe.
China’s increase in the use of Chinese cars - 2017/11/22 is an example of how to create a strong country, a strong country, and an “outside” country.
The localization of the Gargo base is progressing well, with the successive acquisition of a Pakistani locomotive and a Saudi subway.
–2017/10/28, etc., to capture 42 UAV vehicles in Malaysia. Profit predictions and ratings. Based on company business development progress and planning, we expect the company to be public.
Professional Qualifications Code: Industry studies in the field, which specializes in industrial chain research, especially in industrial automation-related issues.
In June 2017, Pacific securities were brought together to explore investment opportunities through industry and corporate fundamentals. He worked at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre, which joined Pacific securities in July 2017.
The Centre, which joined the Pacific securities in July 2017, is good at bottom-up investment opportunities. The Centre, which joined the Pacific securities in September 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from industrial trends.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.