Cost suppression performance, recovery in hand orders, Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese
The company performed slightly less than market-consistency expectations in 2017, and the decline in revenue was mainly due to restructuring of the company ' s products, the reduction in the size of its logistics operations, and the decline in the delivery of related new products. Sub-products, railway equipment generated $10,171 million.
Reduced delivery of electrical equipment and motorcycle spare parts, reducing the size of logistics operations. Corporate management fees in 2017 resulted in a significant increase of 29.40 per cent in hand orders.
The impact of the accident on the railway industry has gradually faded, and the rails have been identified, with fixed-assets investments in the railways kilometre after 2014. By 2020, our high rail network reached a target of 30,000 km, and we believe that the end of the “13th Five” will be the harvest period for the new high-iron production line.
The standard group is around, with the Revival moving more than 900 units. In 2017, the country's standard moving team was able to operate 350 km per hour commercially, setting up a new world-wide high-iron construction operation.
As railway reform moves forward, the need for route encryption is expected to further boost the need for vibrating cars. We believe that, between 2018 and 2020, mobile teams are expected to bid an average of about 350 rows a year, and recovery teams are expected to become the backbone of future tenders.
1. China Chinese Car (601766): The core of railway equipment slows down: 3; high financing costs raise financial costs. 3; China South Car (601766): start the bidding process in the group
The company ' s performance will be effectively improved 2013-08-29 4 and the South China Car (601766) research report: the railway investment will start and the company ' s performance is expected to rebound
The source of the financial boom in the east, the Chinese Chinese car (601766): cost suppression of performance, recovery of hand orders, the source of the financial boom in the east.
Xianhui became a member of the Eung Xing Securities Agency in order to carry out research in the mechanical industry.
The Chinese People ' s University School of Economics, with its undergraduate and master ' s degree, has three years of experience with companies listed in the media, following up on the new energy automobile industry chain and the mechanical industry, joined the civil securities in 2016 and the East Hing securities in 2017.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.