In 2022, the net return to the mother increased by 51 per cent over the same period, the digital transition increased the efficiency gains by 8.7 per cent over the 2022 period, and the net return to the mother increased by 51.1 per cent over the same period.
RMB 11,419 million (Yoy-7.2 per cent), resulting in a net profit of 1.747 billion (Yoy+6.6 per cent). The high net profit growth in huhui2@guosen.com.cn in 22 years benefited from: 1) the firm ' s share of supply of the core customer Apple terminal, which was solid and the company ' s share of the supply of fpc was raised
s098052108001 litres; 2) slp, miniled, etc., new crop rates, good rate increases; 3) companies continue to push for digital transformation upgrades, increasing cost control, process improvement, enhanced automated production, and production efficiency improvements
Step-by-step upgrades; 4) Second-to-third quarters renminbi depreciation against the United States dollar, resulting in higher corporate exchange rate returns. Māori increased 3.61 pct, precision management and digital transformation efficiency gains in 2022 on a year-on-year basis.
(b) The company has continued to improve its fine management, promote digital transformation, achieve productivity improvements and lower production costs, generating a per capita income of $1,024.5 million (Yoy + 21.1 per cent) over 22 years. The cost rate has fallen from 1.27 pt to 7.73 per cent over 22 years, with the same financial cost rate.
The company ' s fpc operations, supported by an increased share and the import of new materials, have been growing steadily. For 22 years, cars and servers collected $314 million (youy +44.02%) and cars, server boards and other operations 19.10% (youy +15.84pct).
In 2023, the planned capital expenditure was 3.3 billion yuan, with the vehicle and server sectors as the main inputs. In 2023, the Department expected the capital expenditure to be 3.3 billion yuan, mainly invested in the 52,675 million square feet per year high hdi and slp extension project, the 1-year investment in the high fpc project, and the 3.38 million square feet per year of automobile plates and clothing.
The current technology of artificial intelligence, represented bychatgpt, will provide a rapid release of bottom-level computing needs, and the i server market is expected to open up new development opportunities. The company server pcb products are supplied primarily to mainstream domestic and foreign brand clients as a whole.
With pcb at its head, the company will benefit fully from the growth in demand for medium- and high-end pcb products.
Figure 1: Corporate operating income and the same rate of increase: Company operating income for the single quarter and the same rate of increase
Figure 3: Net corporate return profits and rate of increase in the same year, Figure 4: Single quarter net corporate returns and rate of increase in the same year, Figure 5: Structure of the collection of the company ' s sub-products
Figure 6: Māori rate for corporate sub-products Figure 7: Māori aggregate for companies, net home country interest rate, rate for periods Figure 8: Māori for companies in single quarter, net home country interest rate, rate for periods
Figure 9: Corporate sales, management, R & D, financial cost rates Figure 10: Corporate single-quarter sales, management, R & D, financial cost rates Author ensures that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author