Liu Xiaoning has increased the profitability of open-door products. The company opened doors in 2017 with interest rates and risks.
Changed. The company mainly sells the non-red product, which has a default interest rate of 3.5%, the winner. In the risk-side framework, the company reduces business risk by sub-accounting and reducing the length of the period. On balance, we believe that the value of the company’s new business in the first quarter can still be expected to increase.
The asset allocation strategy is robust. From historical data, the ratio of all types of asset allocation is fairly balanced, and we believe that the corporate asset allocation for 2017 will continue to be robust. 2017 and 2018 are the peaks of corporate maturity, with market interest rates rising, and we believe in rates of return.
Risk premium adjustments and full-time payments will ease the pressure on reserve withdrawals. Corporate liabilities are of better quality, high security policies take on higher levels, and reserves are under greater pressure.
Price operations will help companies to smooth the assessment of interest rate fluctuations, while at the same time the level of reserves released by the full-time policy will ease some of the pressure on withdrawals. Companies’ profitability projections and investment ratings.
Powered upwards. The company is the leader of the life-risk industry, with the high quality of its liabilities, in the context of "Acceeding" 3, Chinese Life (601628): a steady and growing industry, a source of financial prosperity in the East.
Life in China (601628): The profit margin for China's life opening business is rising. The main product sold by the company in 17 years was a non-dimension “winner” with a projected interest rate of 3.5%, a 0.525% reduction from 4.025% in 16 years.
In summary, we believe that the growth in the value of the company's new business in the first quarter can still be expected. The data show that 161.2 billion yuan in premium revenue was realized in January, an increase of 30.21 per cent over the same period.
Figure 2: The rate of increase in revenues from personal insurance premiums for listed companies in January 2017 shows a fairly balanced distribution of all types of assets in terms of historical data, and we believe that the distribution of corporate assets in 2017 will continue to be stable.
Figure 4: Changes in the share of stocks and funds allocated to life in China, Figure 3: Historical data on the allocation of life assets in China
As the market interest rate is moving up, we think it's difficult for companies to achieve a similar rate of return by decentralizing their configuration.
3. Risk premium adjustments and full-time payments will ease the pressure on reserve withdrawals
Figure 7: Ten-year average move in national debt rate of 750 days, China ' s life debt is of better quality, high-security policies are held, and reserve withdrawal pressure is high. Risk premium operations can effectively smooth interest rate fluctuations, and companies indicate the level of risk premium and regulation used at this stage of life
At the same time, the company states that it has a high rate of near-term maturity payments, and that the amount released after the policy expires will offset the pressure on some companies to raise their reserves.
Figure 8: Size of Chinese life reserve drawback
To benefit from a recovery in market yields, the safety plate has a strong upward momentum. The company is the leader of the life-risk industry, the source of financial prosperity in the East, and life in China (601628).
The source of financial prosperity in the East, Liu Xining, explains his research. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, the specific recommendations or recommendations in this report.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.