Performance against expectations, strong growth in nbv Events: 16-year-old company reports: 19.13 billion yuan net return profit achieved by the company, year-on-year
This has led to pressure on traditional insurance reserves, which have had a direct impact on pre-tax profits of $14.3 billion (the liquidity premium assumption may have been raised to offset the impact).  The new list of agents has been growing at a high rate, driving a 56.4 per cent increase in nbv, and the structure of the silver insurance channel.
Continuous optimization. The 16-year policy premium for new company agents amounted to $74.8 billion, an increase of 55.9 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the continued outbreak of the number of agents driven by the liberalization of the proxy qualification examination: market data (23 March)
The high growth in the human channel was driven by a significant increase of 56.4 per cent in nbv to 49.31 billion yuan. 16 years, the premium for the new insurance channel was $85.880 billion, a small decrease of 1.5 per cent, but the structure was significantly optimized: 30 per cent higher than the same year for the high value of the premium, driving the silver cover channel nbv+13 per cent.
The effect of the 17-year replenishment of the reserve is expected to lead to an increase in the level of acceptance of the performance cut-off +ev adjustment. 1) The reserve raise due to the average change in the rate of return on national debt of 750 days is $14.3 billion for 16 years of pre-tax profits (the liquidity premium assumption may have been adjusted upwards to have an impact on the hedge).
Total liquidity premium assumption, with current interest rates on national debt unchanged), 18 years of total impact, 17 to 50 bp to 5.0 per cent, risk discount rate down by 100 bp to 10.0 per cent, direct impact on v.
(c) The expectation that the risk of operating insurance operations in China will either increase the market ' s expectations of the results and value growth as an endorsement of the insurance valuation basis.
2. China Life Report 2016: Nbv Growth Super 3. China Life Report 2016 Quarterly Review: Recording Downward Profiting Without Impediment to Value Growth
The company’s 16-year annual report generally meets market expectations. As China’s largest life insurance company, the company, 4. China’s Life 2015 Report rating: performance meets expectations and has an unshakeable core competitive advantage in agent and silver insurance channels, and is expected to be in the future.
5. China ' s life in the three quarters of 2015 will be evaluated: good profits, turning points + performance traps are expected to catalyze stock prices, company valuations are expected to be substantially higher, and we recognize growth, with an increase of 30 per cent in nbv for the year as a whole.
With the approval of the China Securities and Supervisory Commission (CMS), there is an investment advisory committee on securities.