Construction Bank (601939): First quarter of 2021: Reported positive profit growth and asset quality incidents: Construction Bank operating income of $21,65.23 million in the first quarter of 2021, an increase of 3.40 per cent;
A net profit of $83.115 billion, an increase of 2.80% in the same year, corresponds to 0.33 yuan/shares. Research assistant Tau Chul-Kharin, whose profits increased by 1.5% in the same year, believes that the overall increase in the rate of profit in the construction of banks is in line with market expectations.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: the construction bank’s revenue growth decelerated to 3.4% on a year-on-year basis in the first quarter, mainly as a result of the slowdown in net interest income and other negative non-interest income growth. But the construction of the silver and non-performing loan ratio did not go up in the quarter, and at the same time, in the event of a decline in the impairment rate, dialling
Risk crediting capacity indicators, such as coverage, remain stable, and we judge that the current firm is facing a weaker margin of pressure on the quality of its assets, while loan weighting pressures are released centrally in the first quarter, followed by a bottom-up increase in interest rates, and the net interest gap in State-owned major estates is expected to be stable, while the current valuation is nearing the end of history.
We adjust the growth rate of the build bank to one asset end in 2021 and 2022: the total asset ring of the build bank grew by 4.4 per cent in the first quarter, but the overall growth remained relatively stable, although it was down from 6.6 per cent in the same period the previous year.
Plus 9.1 per cent (since quarterly reports do not disclose overseas and corporate loans, and in order to maintain comparability, 2020 data are collected using the notes of the financial statements), the quarter itself is a positive season for the industry to invest in public credit, while since 2020 banks have significantly increased their investment in public loans in support of the real economy, with companies of the same calibre.
The share of loans in total loans rose by 2.0 to 56.8 per cent from the end of the year; retail loans increased only by ring, and the rate of increase in loans remained high. The discounting of bills fell further, and we expect to be driven by strong real economic demand and a tight credit line; (ii) financial investment grew by 1.7 per cent, and co-financing by 1.7 per cent.
(i) Total deposits increased by 7.4 per cent on a quarterly basis, of which public and retail deposits grew by 5.0 per cent and 9.7 per cent respectively (note to the financial statements, ibid.), compared with current deposits of the same calibre, which increased by between 1.2 pct and 53.3 per cent on a smaller scale.
It is clear that we expect companies to still drive up their clients in one quarter with a more attractive rate of return on deposits; (ii) the other types of liabilities have recovered, with 13.2 per cent of the inter-operator debt ring falling, which should be evaluated annually: the inclusive financial pole.
In an environment of high rates, the company optimizes the structure of its liabilities on a strategic scale, with a moderate reduction in interest rate sensitivity and a ratio of liabilities against the cost of the liabilities.  Net interest differential: loans are expected to remain heavily priced and at the end of the liability at 13bp year-on-year below year-on-year ratios under the new calibre
Quarterly net difference financial calculus continues the adjustment in the annual report for 2020, with credit card amortization of income per year: good quality of assets recategorized to net interest income (previously recorded as fee income), under new calibre, 1st quarter 2021
It's really good! 2020-04-29 is expected to be the result of interest-bearing asset yields falling faster than interest-bearing liability costs falling in one season, with interest-bearing assets slowing down and interest differentials continuing down.
The concentration of some loans in the first quarter of the year has led to continued low returns; on the other hand, since 2020, construction banks have significantly increased their investment in corporate loans, while corporate lending pricing has been generally lower than retail loans.2 The liability end-of-service is measured at a cost of 1.73 per cent for interest-bearing liabilities for one quarter, a decline of 3bp compared to the full year 2020 debt ratio
Parity. The ratio of total deposits/total liabilities at the end of a quarter is 2.2 pct above, but total current deposits are lower than they are, and we expect the average balance at the end of the quarter to increase compared to the year 2020, but the cost of deposits is higher and the overall cost of deposits is generally consistent with the year 2020.
Looking ahead to the city, we judge that the net interest differentials in the state-owned sector are expected to be stable, and are expected to expand gradually in the second half of the year. The pressure on stock-based lending to repricing has been released in the first quarter, taking into account that, in an environment of sustained economic recovery and inadequate supply of credit, interest rates on new loans are expected to begin to recover gradually from March, while the cost of large banks’ liabilities has been stabilized by the regulatory environment.
On the whole, we recommend that there be reasonable optimism about the trend of net interest differentials in the state-owned sector.  Non-interest income: an increase of 8.8% in the same calibre in one quarter and a projected high growth in the wealth-management category of operations.1 In the first quarter, fees and net revenue from commissions increased by 8.8% compared to the previous year, a significant recovery from 3.3% in 2020.
We expect to be driven by agent, trustee and other fiduciary income from the management of the population's wealth, while the income from bank card charges that were hit by the epidemic in the previous year or recovered during the current year.2 Non-interest income, other than fees, declined by 7.3 per cent in the quarter of the year, delaying growth.
The same-year ratio is a gain/loss, mainly due to fluctuations in interest rates in bond markets, resulting in lower returns on the valuation of bonds held by companies; and other end-of-expenditure: higher-cost income; lower credit impairment losses; 21.02 per cent cost of the construction bank in the first quarter, higher-line 0.96 ptt, generally increased in 2020 by the sector affected by the epidemic.
The level of precision in cost control, although up in a quarter, is still reasonable over the same period in history, increasing by 18.7 per cent as compared to 18.7 per cent. The credit impairment loss factor has slowed down in the current year, and the rate of increase in net profit from the ppop and the parent base has largely tended to increase. Quality risks have become apparent and negative rates have gradually increased, while the provision for coverage has gradually declined, but credit impairments have declined over the past quarter.
We expect a gradual improvement in corporate growth during the first quarter of the year, reflecting the marginal improvement in asset quality pressures faced by major State-owned businesses and contributing to a reasonable optimism about the quality of the assets of large banks as we look forward to 2021. The economic growth base is still weak.
The quality of assets still needs to be addressed as a major state-owned bank that invests large amounts of credit resources to entities and small emblems. At the same time, while asset-quality indicators for each asset are steady for the quarter, building banks are also thicker than they regard as strict and ready for introduction in State-owned banks, and the pressures of negative new generation are reduced by trend, so we remain rationally optimistic.
Since the “Overseas and subsidiary” caliber data were not disclosed in the 2020 and 2021 quarterly reports, the ring comparison was calculated in a manner consistent with the data in the notes to the financial statements on loans held without the “Overseas and subsidiary” calibre.
NFR = (net increase in non-performing loans + write-off regulations)