q1 performance growth was strong, and the sustained breakthrough of the high-end market showed signs of innovation issuing performance forecasts, with companies expected to realize a net return profit of about 681 million yuan in the first quarter of 2022, not less than the low season of 1 and outperformed market expectations.
1%, net profit qoq-1%, the ring is almost equal. The company's performance is still good this year as a result of the q1 epidemic, and we believe that it is mainly the company's continuing breakthroughs in high-end markets, with a large volume of noorflash rising, and the mcu's accelerated penetration towards the industrial and car rules markets, with a much higher product structure and a pre-generation build-up.
The high-end market performance of the polar layout is evident. The high-end market of mcu continues to break down, and platform-type companies have had a great advantage. (1) The demand for various mcu segments of industry, automobiles, domestic electricity, consumption, etc., has remained strong for 21 years, and the current share of corporate industry has been rising.
The prices of the high-end mcu channel in the middle of the company sector have been rebounding in the near future, due to continued improvement in overseas and industrial controls, high-end mcu demand in the automobile sector. (2) The company's latest car code mcu product is expected to be produced around mid-2022, mainly for entertainment systems, and will be followed by car bodies,
(c) Development of mcu in different product categories, such as cabins, power systems, etc. (3) With respect to the development of new products, the company has been expanding the mcud product category and first pushed in 21 years q4 the w-fimcu chip based on the armm33 kernel, and now the company has four w-fimcu on the market, both in the gd32w515 series, for wireless intelligence iot markets.
The flash product structure continues to be optimized, expanding automobile industry and control clients. (1) The company continuously optimizes the product and 1.0 trillion easy innovation (603986.sh).
Alternative manuals, visualization of corporate product innovation Standard Noorflash is fully lined and is mainly used for adas, cabin entertainment, bms, etc. (2) due to work 2. mega-innovation (603986.sh) company review: advance
Demand continues to be strong in the areas of industry, communications, automobiles, etc., and there is still room for further price increases in the medium and large volume of noorflash, with an end to the deconcentration plan and a deep benefit expected from the storage of the +mcu carrier full power. (3) In addition, the company 38nmspinandflash has completed aec-q100 vehicles.
3. Performance forecast for North Innovative (603986.sh): High performance growth throughout the year, sustained recognition of the company ' s future performance Standard certification, covering 1gb~4gb capacity, and facilitating full entry of companies into the area of steam applications.
4. The performance of the dram self-researcher (603986) is accelerated and the high-end process chip is expected to be launched this year.
Quantified q3 performance, with nearly 80 per cent growth in the performance ring ddr4 product produced in June 21, achieving self-research products ranging from design, drifting to sealing, validation of 5.
The company currently plans products that include 500 million long-term storage parent companies, with constant attention to project follow-up, active layout simulation chips, and large-scale client breakthroughs. According to the company's product selection manual, 2021 is a year-old innovation.
Four new analogue chip product lines have been added, including power management units, power drive, high-performance power sourceic, and lithium pool management. The company’s power management product line layout is comprehensive, oriented to major markets such as consumption, industry, medical care, communications, storage, etc., and is expected to provide a strong engine for company growth in the future.
\triangleright dollars, corresponding to a current price of 38/28/23 times. The company, as a global repository leader, continuously expands the application of auto engineering and control areas, or has long-term growth and maintains a “recommended” rating.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.