M.O.I. (603986): High growth in storage &mcu in 2021, sustained high q1 in the light season
Revenue of $8.51 billion, an increase of 89.25 per cent in the same year, net return to the mother of 23.37, 127.65 per cent, net return to the mother of 655 million yuan in the same year of growth, moderate season of 1 and continued high growth in storage and mcu collection
By product, in 2021, the company stored chips/microcontrolrs/sensors separately, with a strong market demand for storage devices, mcu, etc., which continues to be structurally tight, with an increase of about $626 million in product revenues per quarter. In addition, in 2022, q1
The impact of q1 q1 spring holidays, etc., continues to perform well, with a steady increase in q2 countries.
q2 performance is expected to increase continuously. nand+nor has a full-scale entry code, and the first one has its own brand dram.
Annual performance forecast increases, and firm noorflash covers the full range of 512 kb to 2gb, 55nm advanced, Momentum Innovation Dynamics Research (603986): Storage
The process is fully-lined, with a cargo ratio of over 40 per cent in 2021, the nand chip tap, flash38nm, 24nm process node and 1gb-8gb main capacity completed
In the application of car regulations, the company gd25/55 and gd5f complete series of products are certified in aec-q100, from spinorflash to spinand.
A comprehensive layout of flash-based products has been introduced in a number of well-known automobile enterprises, both in the country and abroad, and can be used for vehicle-car-aided driving systems, vehicle-borne communications, vehicle-borne information and entertainment systems, battery management systems, dvr, smart cockpit, t-box, etc.
Applications provide high-volume, high-reliability, high-performance products and solutions. For dram, the company 's first volume product in 2021 has its own brand 4gbddr4 (19nm process), which is widely used in consumer electronics (including top-of-the-board boxes, television, smart people).
At the same time, the company's 17nm ddr3 is proceeding in an orderly manner as planned. The product line of mcu is growing at the highest rate and industrial applications are increasing continuously.
The company has successfully produced 35 series of about 400 models to meet the demands of a variety of high-, medium- and low-end markets and has now become the fastest-growing product line for its performance.
It is expected that in 2022 it will be the same as consumption-type applications and will become the mainstream industrial applications of company mcu’s top collection, energy power, fire protection, etc. In addition, in the area of automobile applications, apart from those already available in the back-loading market, the public sector will be able to use it.
Smcu is steadily entering the Car Regulations Market and is actively promoting the 40nm standard mcu product, which is now streaming and being tested by clients and will be primarily oriented towards general-purpose vehicles, downside risks in the industry, less advanced in the development of new products than expected, industry
Competition increases risks, overseas policy changes, etc.  Electronics group presents Mao Jianxian: Three years of US semiconductor company work experience in the world
Master of Arts in Integrated Circuit Design, Nanyang Polytechnic University, Singapore.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because I did not, nor because I did not receive any form of compensation for the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.