Q1 performance was strong, and Q1 performance was forecast for the first quarter of 2022: Q1 performance was expected to be strong in 2022 and a good start was achieved in 2022
In 2022, the q1 net profit ring q4 remained almost flat, and the company's memory, mcu, etc. continued to be in short supply and the related business was growing rapidly. At the same time, building on the deepening of existing markets and customers, new markets were opened and new ones were actively developed.
Clients, working to enhance performance contributions in areas such as industry. In addition, in supply chain management, companies make efficient use of productive resources, ease structural supply pressures, overcome the effects of the epidemic and achieve a good start in 2022.
• Domestic storage taps, noor+nand full-scale rules application 1) flash operations: company noorflash has the third largest global, absolute national leader, technical capability
The industry leads. The demand for products associated with the Internet, tws bluetooth headphones and mobile phone screens, etc., drives the growth of the market innorflash, which is expected to grow to $3.7 billion in 2022, based on cinno research data.
The area of automobiles has become an important point of growth in the future storage market, with the size of the global car storage market at $3.6 billion in 2019, according to ihs, and is expected to grow to $8.3 billion by 2025. The company ' s 2g large-volume product of gd55 has passed car regulations.
Aecq-100 certification, full capacity of 2mb-2gb spinorflash RPM: 1 to 2 lined, gd25 full range of RSPs achieved in multiple car enterprises
In February 2022, the company announced its complete series of 38 nmspi nandflash-gd5f (covering 1 gb-4gb capacity) that was nationalized through aec--
q100 Car Code Certification. In the area of flash memory, the company has achieved an increase in its annual performance forecast to determine the future of the future of the spinorflash to spinandflash.
No. 2022-01-24 Dynamics Study (603986): Storage 2) dram operations:
Chip tap, flash+mcu+dram three arrows, long-term growth 2021-12-29.
The branded 19nm4gbddr4 product for the niche market has been certified in the consumer category through a wide range of mainstream platforms and currently 17nm ddr3 product is building up in advanced research and development, with high market demand for downstream iptv, security, car applications, etc.
According to Trendforce, the global niche dram market is expected to reach $18,465 million in 2023. At the same time, companies are working together to store long-term stubbles to provide stable capacity for the company ' s dram products, which will be produced in the future.
• 32 mcu leaders, low-capacity, high-performance cut-in networks + vehicles have been ranked first among local producers in the 32 mcu market in China for seven years in a row.
Over 1 billion shipments, more than 20,000 clients, 35 of the over 450 product options provide the highest level of application coverage in mainland China and continuously raise global city coverage through a network of overseas services.
The first industry introduced a series of low-power mcu products using the latest armcorpex-m23, more advanced kernels, better energy efficiency levels, and better value for money. According to Marketsandmarkets, the global low-power mcu market was in 2022.
The market is expected to grow at a complex annual growth rate of 10.3 per cent in 2027, working with the global iot platform service provider in the field of wireless intelligence networking applications, which will be based on the family wisdom of the company's gd32mcu product in the future.
More innovative options are available from a variety of applications such as home-based, smart buildings, smart hotels, industrial goods networking, etc.
2022. According to icinsights, the volume of car mcu sales is expected to increase by 23% to $7.6 billion in 2021, followed by car mcu sales in 2022.
With growth drivers, companies are expected to achieve three goals in the midst of an era of national substitution, with clear long-term growth paths. Industry downside risks, output uphills less than expected, and industry competing.
Electronic group presentation Mao Jian: Three years of US semiconductor company work experience in the world
Master of Arts in Integrated Circuit Design, Nanyang Polytechnic University, Singapore.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because I did not, nor because I did not receive any form of compensation for the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.