In this paper, we studied the selection manual for 2021 and 2022.
In the past year, companies have not only expanded their product classes on mcu, noor, and dram, but also introduced new products such as power and management chips. Innovations in the company’s products have been condensed as follows: mcu is expanding, and w-fimcu is pushing to the market.
\triangleright (1) \triangleright (1) is the top-ranked domestic supplier of the arm generic mcu, based on the product selection manual, 1.0 o.m. innovation (603986.sh) company rating: advance
By the end of 2021, the company had more than 35 series with over 450 mcu models and Mcu with more than 2. Northern Innovation (603986.sh) performance forecast: year-round
High performance growth, continuing to look forward to the future performance of the company (2) In 2021, the company continued to expand its mcu class and officially launched in September 21 an armm33-based 3 (603986)-based innovation
Quell: q3 performance is bright, and the performance ring is increasing by nearly 80%. 4. [People's Electronics] Micro-Innovation (603986): Replenishment series, oriented towards wireless intelligence iot market. March 31, Moe-Innovation announces joint graffiti intelligence.
500 million long-term storage parent companies are working together in the area of follow-up wireless intelligence. We believe that the rapid growth of global iot terminal connections is expected to boost the development of the mcu chip market, signal that innovation will expand the mcu class and create the mcu smarts.
5. The performance of Northern Innovation (603986) is expected to contribute to the rapid growth of the company ' s mcu field.
(3) Since 2021, industry, automobiles, appliances, consumption, etc., have maintained a strong market demand for the various mcu sub-markets, and companies have continued to introduce high-end mcu for industry and automobile applications. The company’s latest mcu product is expected to be produced in mid-2022, mainly for entertainment systems, followed by body, cabin, power.
Development of mcu for different types of products, and consolidation of the country ' s mcu leader status. Active layout simulation chip, power management thick and thin hair. 2021 \triangleright, based on company product selection manual.
A total of four new analogue chip product lines were added, including power management units, power drive, high-performance power sourceic, lithium battery management. Of these, (1) power management units were mainly applied to tws headphone chargers, headphones and hearing aids, portable medical equipment, nursing detectors, low-cell power applications; (2) power drive was applied primarily to three.
(c) Power sources are mainly used in wireless infrastructure, communications/net cards, industrial applications, security equipment; and (4) lithium battery tubes are used mainly for lithium charge and simulation of front-end monitoring, laptop computers, ground sweepers, flight modelling drones, energy storage.
The company’s dram products can now be divided into two major categories: ddr3l (low voltage) and dddr4, of which ddr4 products are in 2021.
The company ' s ddr3l product is powered by 1.35/5/v voltage with a storage capacity of 2gb/4gb at a rate of up to 2133mps. By contrast, the ddr4 new product uses a low voltage power supply of 1.2v with a storage capacity of 4gb with a data rate of up to 3,200 mbps with a temperature range of 0~95°C/-40~95°C
/-40 ~105 °C. The applications are mainly in the areas of a roof box, television, security surveillance, network communication, intelligent family, industry, car-borne audio, etc., and the product series has been made available from design, streaming, to sealing, certification of national production. In addition, the company expects the 17nm high-end process memory to be collected in 22 years.
\triangleright pe 40/30/24 times, respectively. The company, as a domestic repository, mcu tap, is constantly expanding its applications in areas such as autowork and control, and platform-based advantages are highlighted, long-term growth is significant, and a “recommended” rating is maintained.
\triangleright figure 2: megabytes of gd32w5wi-fimcu gd32w5wi-fimcu
Figure 3: Micro-Innovation mcu Eco-partners Figure 4: Micro-Innovation has launched the gd30 series of power chips Figure 5: Micro-Innovation product characteristics of ddr4
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.