On 14 April, the company disclosed that 2022q1 realized a net return profit of 680 million yuan, an increase of 126 per cent over the previous year.
The net return to the mother was $650 million, a 135 per cent increase in the same year, and the performance was higher than expected. 22q1 was overexpected, thanks to an improvement in the product structure. 2022q1 achieved a net return to the mother of $680 million, a 126 per cent increase, a slight decline in the ring of 1 pct; the net profit from the deduction of the non-return to the mother of 650 million yuan, a 135 per cent increase in the same year.
High performance growth has largely benefited from the company’s sustained optimization of its product structure, customer structure, and diversified supply chain layout, which has led to high growth of its main business in the midst of the epidemic. We continue to look forward to long-term growth of the company, with a breakdown of business:
1. " Performance meets expectations and looks forward to long-term growth - oscillations of noorlash, high-volume noor easy-to-innovation performance in automobiles, industry, crowd demand-driven industry markets " , 2022.1.25
Flush prices are stable. Now the oasis of noorflash is gradually abandoning low-volume products such as 32m, 2. q3 performance is over-expected, long-term growth is determined-megagram, and the focus is on medium-capacity products such as 128mb ~2gb, with industrial and automobile nonflash growth.
3. 21h1 performance exceeded expectations, with storage booms - year-on-year noorflash growing steadily.
2) dram, which is expected to be launched and delivered in bulk in the first half of this year, with emphasis on 4.
The advantage is that the reference company discloses a surrogate fee of 860 million yuan, and it is expected that 22 years of self-researched dram products will bring in more than 1.6 billion yuan in revenue from China's storage of the “chill” hope-mixed innovation depth.
3) In the mcu area, industry + automobiles account for more than 40% of the total, with production expected in the second half of the year. \triangleright ' s premcu average delivery cycle is still over 30 weeks, some of which is for automobiles and industry.
With a 50-week-long mcula and a full upturn in prices, we expect a 22-year period of high-end mccu shortages in automobiles, industry, military industry, etc., to be difficult to mitigate, while, with the effects of the war in Russia and Ukraine, we expect downstream terminals to be able to increase their supply chain security again, which will continue to push up mccu prices.
G. Overseas manufacturers, with limited capacity, are expected to give priority to overseas clients, which will speed up the process of national substitution, which will make it easier for downstream cars to catch heavy rains with the Mcu output achieved in June-July this year.
Industry’s share will be higher, and it is expected to sustain a sustained increase in the year’s Mcu profit contribution. Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, and then averaged the final rating as the market’s average investment