Yunnan White (000538), pharmaceutical biology continued to grow steadily, and equity incentives contributed to the long-term development of the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
Summary of performance: The company released its mid-year report for 2020, which generated 15.5 billion yuan in revenue in the first half of the year, an increase of 11.5 per cent in the same year, a net return to the mother of 2.45 billion yuan, an increase of about 9 per cent in the same year, and a net return to the mother of $1.85 billion, an increase of about 62.8 per cent in the same year q2 quarter, a gain of about 7.75 billion yuan, an increase of about 12 per cent in the same year
Profit of $1.17 billion, a 16.3 per cent decline in the same year; net profit of $790 million, a growth of about 108 per cent in the same year; profitability, a steady growth in operations. Sub-industry and products: 1) Business sales in the first half of the year, or wholesale retail (pharmaceutical) sales, generated revenues of $10.1 billion, representing 65.3 per cent of operating income, an increase of 13 per cent in the same year.
2) Industrial sales in the first half of the year, i.e. industrial products (self-made), accounted for 5.4 billion yuan, representing 34.6 per cent of operating income, an increase of 9.1 per cent compared to the same period. The company actively developed new products, and the pattern of rich products has gradually evolved into a core product dominated by Yunnan white medicine, covering natural drugs, Chinese medicine, special medicine, medical devices, health visualization.
The marketing rate of Māori in 2020h1 is roughly the same as in the previous six months, with four rates of 14 per cent, a decrease of 3 pp in the same year; the sales are driven by an improvement in overall business performance.
• Incentives are gradually being developed to support long-term business development. 2020h1 completed the first stock options award registration and awarded 16,956,000 stock options to 687 incentive recipients. Meanwhile, following the market window period, a second round of stock buybacks with a ceiling of 16.7 million shares was launched.
The system combines shareholder interests, corporate interests, and core team interests, enhances the company’s attractiveness and cohesion to core talent, further stimulates business dynamism, and enhances corporate corporate value as a whole. • A subsidiary brings in strategic partners, and the advantages are mutually reinforcing.
After the replenishment was completed, the business held 17.64% of the stockholding and the company indirectly held 82.36% of the shareholding. The introduction of the capital holding unit as a strategic partner in a major project and its participation in the follow-up development of the project will optimize the capitalization industry.
1. Yunnan Pharmacy (000538). Performance growth is steady, new asset structure is improved, risk response capacity is enhanced, and resource advantages are complemented, and cooperation is a win-win win-win process.
Performance growth has been stable, leading the industry of the big healthy layout, and stimulating the role of the local business team has been highlighted, with catalysts such as products, price increases, performance growth, incentives, and outreach, to maintain a “buy-in” rating. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or not for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.