Researchchand developmentcenter unstamped by debt foreclosure.
An updated report from Eastern Wealth (300059) that debt swaps were lifted, and that alpha highlighted the prospect of a rebound.
Our point is that: 1 East Asian financial securities performed well in 2021, achieving a business income of $7.3 billion, compared to the same. 2 debt swaps were foreclosures and stock price repression was lifted. The fund was released in early March in a cold fashion, with good fundamentals that could lead the market to rebound.
Thanks to capital market developments, holdings have steadily increased to support performance. In 2021, new stock holdings by industry associations, and public fund holdings announced in the third quarter of 2021, the entire market, despite the cold release of new funds since the beginning of the year, was closed as of 24 January 2022.
There are only 34.6 billion new equity funds (vs 50.99 billion new equity funds in January 2021), more than 60% of the income at the back end of the east, and the current heat of the new energy fund is decreasing and will not change the need to manage the wealth of future residents, and the general trend of capital entry.
On January 24, the Easters announcement, “According to about $21 billion, the positive stock price suppression factor was lifted in anticipation of future use of the funds.
The stock-brokering and blending market rates continue to rise, and the returns on investment are bright. Brokering: To benefit from the market’s dynamism, the East’s strong flow advantage and transformation capacity, Tibet, December
In 2021, the net revenue from the stock exchange was $4.55 billion, or +52 per cent, and far more than the market average daily stock exchange income of $1.75 billion, or +38.9 per cent, was higher than the market balance of $183.2 million.
A similar increase of 44bp would benefit mainly from an increase in the share of brokerage companies and the continued replenishment of operating capital by issuing corporate debt and transferring debt.
Investment returns + fair-value changes amount to 930 million yuan, or +224%, mainly as a result of the expansion of transactional financial assets by the same year + 164% to 32.8 billion yuan. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: companies are leading Internet fares, and flows and scale effects are prominent.
The securities business is expected to increase market access through online flow advantages, low commission rates, and low financing costs, and the alpha advantage is highlighted. The Fund’s niche has been consolidated, and the increase in non-fund holdings has led to the creation of the Sinda Securities Corporation.
The back-end share increases, and the company is not afraid of the impact of the freeze on the new development fund. Fortune 3 is a ransom, and stock prices on the cindseguritiesco., Ltd. are eliminated. Without considering the effect of the transfer, we expect a net profit of 2021-2023e.
The risk is exacerbated by the fact that the management of wealth has not improved as much as expected since the beginning of the year, mainly because of the market's concern that the underperformance of a share since the beginning of the year has led to a new start.
In the face of a cold gold, or under pressure or pressure from the Eastern Treasury, 2) the market is under expectation of debt-transferable foreclosure, which is expected to suppress valuations. We believe that, benefiting from capital market developments, a steady increase in retention underpins the proceeds of substitution.
Since 2020, capital market reforms have accelerated direct investment, supported the development of equity funds, and increased the wealth of equity products. On the one hand, there has been a gradual increase in the country's population's asset allocation, which has led to a gradual shift from real estate and savings to equity products.
Public fund holdings announced in the third quarter of the year included a combination of shares and non-capital holdings of the East Fountain Fund + 9.6 per cent, +13.95 to 484.1 billion yuan, 57.8 billion yuan, and an increase of 0.57 pct, 0.30 pct to residents' needs for wealth management, the general trend of capital entry, and the accumulation of the competitiveness of non-East Europeans in terms of products and channels, respectively.
On January 24, the “Treasury East 3” was forced for ransom, and the share price exceeded the transfer price for 15 consecutive trading days from 4 January to 24 January 2022.
The terms of redemption have been met. We believe that foreclosure will facilitate the conversion of debt into equity, which will bring about capital replenishment of about $21 billion (150.37% of the balance of the transferable debt at 23.35% of the share price), while the current stock price suppression factor has been lifted. First, it is expected that fund swaps - growth in non-capital holdings will lead to a steady increase in tailings.
Equity funds continue to expand, and wealth management changes are moving faster. Against a backdrop of persistent housing, new capital regulations, and lower interest rates, residential wealth flows to capital markets have increased, and Eastern wealth has accelerated the transformation of wealth management.
In July of last year, the Eastern Wealth Securities Fund acquired the qualifications to invest in its operations, and, with the experience of the Sky Fund's “custody managers”, the Fund's future clients will focus more on the Fund's holdings, increase the client's aum by improving the quality of services, accelerate the transformation of wealth management by binding current and client interests.
As a result of a functioning Internet wealth management ecology, which has created a strong core competitiveness and long-standing client-centred focus on long-term customer service, day-to-day fund holdings have gained a leading position in the industry. Major capital market developments have led to an increase in non-base holdings, and a steady increase in tailing fund revenues.
Revenues from Eastern Treasury sales increased at a much faster rate than those from the same period (Yoy+1.2%) and from the equities+mixed funds (Yoy+18.3%), and the increase in holdings was the main contribution to the marketing of the tailing commission. According to industry association holdings, the TWF stock plus the mix of stocks as announced in the third quarter of 2021
Combined, non-capital holdings + 9.6 per cent, +13.95 to 484.1 billion, 57.8 billion yuan, with the municipal share mentioned separately 24 days, the market has only 34.6 billion new equity funds (vs 50.9.9 billion in January 2021), and concerns about the size of the fund have evolved into concerns about the fundamentals of the company. However, in our view, given the share of income at the back end of the East fortunes, we believe that the ratio of income to the other side of the market has increased.
With more than 60% of the new energy fund, the current heat-deficit decline and the rising demand for wealth management in the future and the trend towards capital entry are expected to lead to an increase in non-fund holdings, while the bargaining power of the daily fund on tailings will boost the sales earnings of the fund to a steady increase in the negative impact of the front-end cost price battles and market fluctuations. We use industry-wide non-capital holdings.
Figure 1: Equity Fund share (millions of yuan)
As of 24 January 2022, the principal shareholders of the company had completed their debt-transferable reduction, and the cash-for-treasuries capital would be replenished and the disincentives to share prices removed. The announcement would promote the transferable stock transfer, bringing the capital up to $21 billion (150.37 and 23.35* shares at 32.59).
The Eastern Wealth Company’s Eastern Wealth Securities performed well throughout the year 2021, achieving business income of $7.3 billion, compared with +58.8 per cent, net profits of $4.83 billion, compared with +66.9 per cent.
In December, the share market in Tibet rose by 12 bp. In 2021, the net revenue from securities brokerage fees and commissions was 4.55 billion yuan, compared to 52 per cent, well above the average market daily stock exchange of 3bp, an increase of 67 bp from the previous year, mainly due to the advantages of low-cost flows and the rich conglomerates that provide high-quality products and services.
Brokering is a strong push for mixed growth, and corporate debt and tradable debt issuance are expanding at an accelerated scale. In 2021, net interest on Eastern securities was 1.75 billion yuan, compared to 38.9 per cent. It was higher than the market two-way balance (183.2 billion yuan) and increased by yoy + 13.2 per cent, with the after-effects and the company issuing corporate debt and retransferable debt continuously replenishing operating capital.
Based on the foregoing, we make the following assumptions about the company ' s profit projections for 2021-2023:
Models are expected to expand. This is due to increased service and innovation, increased user experience, increased user stickyness, continued growth in the number of online fund companies and products on the Sky Foundation platform, and expected continued growth in the scale of corporate sales, resulting in an increase in back-to-back commission revenue as a proportion of Piti 3.
Investment recommendations: Companies are leading Internet bond dealers, with a strong advantage of flow and scale effects. Securities operations are expected to increase further with online flow advantages, low commission rates, and low financing costs, and the alpha advantage is highlighted. Fund niches are weak, non-fund holdings increase the share of back-end income, and companies are not afraid of the chilling effects of new development funds.
Landing, the disincentive to corporate stock prices is lifted. Without taking into account the impact of stock transfers, we expect a net profit of 2021-2023e, respectively, and a risk that the business will be affected by the volatility of the stock market, and the risk of further increases in the sales competition of the Fund.
In November 2019, he joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for non-banking financial research.
Judinin, a master’s degree in finance, graduated from the University of Glasgow, United Kingdom, worked in Taiwan’s rich state securities and silver securities, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2020 for research in the non-monetary financial sector. Wang Jing, master’s degree, graduated in finance from Boston University, United States of America, joined the Sindak Securities Research and Development Centre in 2019 for research in the non-monetary financial sector.
Sun Siu, Master of Arts, Bachelor of Science in Economics, University of Hong Kong, University of Hong Kong, April 2021, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which works as a small and medium-sized market component that has not been, has not been or will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindak Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which have been approved by the CSRC. This report is produced and published by the Sunda Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.