China State Air (60111.sh) Tri-quarters 2025: Review: Profitability is to be repaired, attention is to be paid to the upturning of the travel climate Events: Three-quarterly reports from China State Air 2025.
A small increase in mobility, with a high passenger rate rising, has largely returned to 19-year levels. \triangleright 1) Movement: 25q3 gross national ask ratio +1.9 per cent, with domestic/international/regional lines ask
The same ratio - 0.6 per cent/+9.3 per cent/-3.6 per cent, and the international and regional line ask is restored to the same period in 19 years 3) guest rate: 25q3 combined/domestic/international/regional route passenger rate, respectively 4) fleet size: 946 aircraft fleets up to the end of 25q3, with a net increase in the previous three quarters
16 aircraft long; fares dropped better than industry, and lower oil prices led to lower unit costs. 1) fare: 0.607 yuan, equivalent to -2.6 per cent, of the revenue of the 25q3 navigation unit rpk;
Mid-2025 China Air (60111.sh) Reported: q2 net profit loss, waiting for company revenue 2) cost: 0431 yuan, corresponding to -1.8 per cent, for the 25q3 Air Unit ask;
The average price of oil fell, and the cost of fuel per unit of the company fell; however, engine repairs and the suspension of flights were a drag, and China National Navigation (60111.sh) reported for the year 2024: the company’s non-oil share; and the unit cost was reduced by a limited amount.
The recovery of the international line, the sharp rise in the guest rate, the increase in the capital value of the major shareholders, and the continued improvement in the profitability of the company.
The company discloses an increased plan to be issued to the major shareholder, the SAC, and the controlling shareholder, the SAC, the SAC, the SAC, the SAC.
After 15 billion yuan, net funds are to be raised to service debt and replenish liquidity, and help Sunda Securities Inc. to improve its efficiency and profitability and boost market confidence. The future supply of the industry is still tight.
In the context of a steady increase in demand, itd is expected that fares and seating will continue to be repaired, resulting in high performance elasticity.
Profit forecasting and investment ratings: we expect companies to achieve a net profit return by 2025-2027, which will help improve competition patterns, and companies, as industry leaders, are expected to benefit significantly.
Overall, the company’s “growth” rating is maintained. Risk factors: travel demand is not as high as expected, fares are not as high as expected, oil prices are at a high risk of rising sharply, and the renminbi is at a significant risk of devaluation.
The major transport areas, such as shipping, logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation, and maritime transport, which have been part of the external evaluation submitted by several provinces, have not been, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical observations or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory operations approved by the CSRC. This report has been prepared and published by the Sinda Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.