High non-oil costs drag profits, new round to optimize capital structure \triangleright \triangleright \ November 2025
The fallback was driven mainly by persistently high non-oil costs, the company’s share of the profits from its seating and the fall in oil prices partially eased the cost pressure. 25q3 company operations increased by only 2 per cent from the same year’s increase in its capacity to adapt to industry at a price-for-price rate, and its share of the profits from its seating kilometre.
\triangleright is basically the same. The domestic route of 25q3 is under pressure by changes in the structure of industry demand and competition for domestic fares, and we measure the ratio of revenue per kilometre in the company to 3.0%, the rate of occupancy to +1.3 pcts, which we believe to be public.
The Division has taken the initiative of seeking a more balanced pricing mix in a price-sensitive industry environment. The 25q3 company’s kilometre drop on yellow cranes has increased by only 2 per cent over the same year, bringing total revenue to almost equal levels.
Because of the size of the fleet, or due to the stoppage of the engine, 25q3 units of non-oil costs continue to be high, and the oil price drop reduces the unit’s cost pressure \triangleright.
Zhang Quan, where the non-oil cost continues to be high, we measure 25q3 units of non-oil cost as compared to +0.7 per cent and remain at a higher level; we measure 25q3 units of fuel cost as compared to 6.7 per cent, looking at the company as a whole at 25q3 units.
The decline in oil prices was the main driver of cost-side improvements, with unit withholding costs steadily improving in the short term or in financial terms, and a decline in exchange rate gains in the single quarter.
The ring ratio fell by 1.1 pcts to 87.9%, while optimizing the debt structure, crushing dollar debt and pushing forward short-term debt.
It is proposed to increase the senior Shenzhen aviation reserve by $20 billion or increase the senior Shenzhen aviation reserve liquidity. The subsidiary, Shenzhen Air, lost in 2022 and the premium strategy is expected to benefit fully from the economy \triangleright
Following the announcement by the company that it would subscribe to Shenzhen ' s current share issue at a 51 per cent share ratio (with a total replenishment of $8.16 billion), and that the replenishment would restore Shenzhen ' s balance sheet and maintain the company ' s holding position, we believe.
This increase, or part of the liquidity of the Shenzhen Aeronautic Replenishment Reserve, will accelerate the optimization of the company ' s capital structure and enhance the competitiveness of the entire network of routes of the National Aviation Department.
The methodology and analytical logic leads to the conclusions of the study, the independent and objective presentation of the report and the responsibility for its content and perspective. The study clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.