Next year's profits will continue to release the double-sink development event: the company released a three-quarter report in 2020 and collected $55,764 million in the first three quarters of 2020, the same year.
The company is the largest meat-processing company in the country, mainly engaged in animal slaughter, processing and selling meat food, meat cannery, and net profit for mothers at $1.897 billion, i.e. +22.90 per cent.
Freezing meat products, stylishly packaged meat products (with fresh food), water products (fishing products), egg products: sales of meat products have increased steadily, better than expected.
A steady increase in sales of meat products of 2020q3 + 2.3 per cent is not easy, with a ratio of ton of meat products per ton: production of processed meat products and related products as a complement
+10.89 per cent, price increases and product structure increases contribute 8.59 per cent to tonnage prices; ton profit increases; technical advisory services, marketing of chemical products (excluding flammable and explosive hazards), investment in the food industry, sales generation
7.5%, slightly less than the share of higher prices and higher product structure in the contribution to revenue to tons, on the one hand, and logistics and related business support services, on the other, the company increased its product promotion during price increases, on the other hand, the cost of upgrading the quality of its products, on the other hand.
The company has always worked on the word “farming” and on meat processing and industrialization. The slaughtering and meat processing industries are at the heart of the development of feed industries and maintenance upstream.
Slaughter continues to decline, and imported meat supports profits. The 2020q3 slaughter continues to decline, the domestic livestock industry, the development of packaging, commerce, foreign trade, etc. downstream, forming a dominant, industry-friendly cluster of companies.
By the dollar, 92.57% over the same period, Māori continued to do business, mainly benefiting from the concentration of imported frozen meat sales, which doubled in 2020q3 through the contributions of Iso9001, Iso14001, haccp, etc.
Certification, combined with automation and information-based industrial transformation, for standardized management, automated production, information-based control, to ensure product quality and safety.
The company recently signed an investment agreement with the People’s Government of Heingping City, Shaanxi Province, and the Guangxi-ASEAN Economic Technology Development Area Governing Council, to invest a total of $1.4 billion in two-field pig-breeding projects, which are expected to increase by 300,000 per year’s pig-breeding and will cost more upstream stability.
The company also publishes a profit distribution plan for the first three quarters, implementing the profit distribution at a rate of $6.4 (including taxes) per 10 shares for all shareholders. Investment advice: we look at the ability of the company to improve performance as a result of improved management, and short-term downside prices for pigs.
Total equity/flowa share (millions of shares) Source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity Salt Xin (002847): continued high performance and rapid expansion of standardization in “Store Island”
Figure 1: Two-sink growth in the three quarters of the first five years and growth in the first three quarters of the year
East Hsing Securities Corporation reports Salt Tsin (002847): continued high performance and rapid expansion of standardisation in the Middle Island.
Monssso provides an analysis of his research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.