The meat industry has performed well, the profits are growing at a robust pace, the double-sink development (000895), the three-quarterly review of 2020, and the food and beverages industry.
On 27 October 2020, the double-sink development published the three-quarters report for 2020. During the reporting period, the company earned 55.764 billion yuan, equivalent to +32.79 per cent, and net profit on the return to the mother was 4,938 million yuan, corresponding to +25.24 per cent, with a base ps exchange of 1.49 yuan.
q3 performance remained high and imported meat significantly increased profit performance Income end, slaughter operations affected by the high base effect of 1903 pig price increases, resulting in a more pronounced overall income growth loop than the decline; in meat business, the company actively adjusted the product structure, with more visible results, among other things.
The share of high-quality products is equal to the ratio +3.5 ppt, while the share of the core products is equal to +13.8%. In addition, the share of new products sold is higher on a seasonal basis, with some new products such as chili sausages, hot salami, double-scavengers, and so on.
The Unit was encouraged by the fact that the company ' s profits were growing at a higher rate compared to its 300-percent trend of imports, which effectively covered the shortfall in the export of meat produced in the country, and its sales of frozen pork, chicken and packaged meat amounted to 230.96 million tons, or 1.15 per cent, in the previous three quarters.
q3 sells 8136,000 tons of frozen pork, etc., +0.77% of the same year. In the first three months of domestic pigpest production, companies purchased 10,207 million pieces of meat, split meat, bone and by-products from Rottens, equal to +20,265%, q3, 2,581 million, and +37.87%.
The country’s production capacity is not sufficiently phased and controls the cost of producing meat products, increasing profit performance. The slaughtering business is dragging on the Māori rate, and the production and sale of meat products is smooth and lowers the cost of selling them.
This is due to the relatively high share of the slaughtering business in income, which results in lower Māori rates due to insufficient start-ups, thus delaying overall Māori performance by the s01051901004 ratio; and the meat industry, which benefits from the high use of low-cost imported meat, which is expected to rise above the same rate.
In October of this year, the company completed a stock build-up and raised about $7 billion in funds for chickens, pig farming and slaughtering and meat products. The project is expected to produce 200 million plumes per year of commercial chicken production and about the same amount.
The double-sink development (000895) is reported in the first quarter of 2020 for 500,000 head/year pigs and pigs, which facilitates downstream slaughter operations and meat products production.
The poultry farming project has been actively promoting the renovation of cages, raising livestock targets, and expanding the poultry industry as the next step for the company. In 2003, the company insisted on marketing.
Queries: 20h1 performance continued to grow high, resulting in the introduction of measures such as headbands, and the initial success of brand rejuvenation strategies.
III. Profit forecasts and investment proposals are expected to be similar, with future slaughter operations expected to benefit from the resumption of pig production, the meat industry growing well over time and maintaining a “recommended” rating.
The company’s financial statement projections are summarized in Jing, Beijing University, Bachelor of Economics, Master of Arts. In 2011, it entered the securities industry and is now in charge of food beverages, agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Human Security.
In 2018, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, joined the public securities industry, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,