On October 28th, 2020, the research assistant, Joo-ho.
The sum of $19.39 billion (+17.11 per cent) was realized, resulting in a net gain of $1,897 million (+22.9 per cent) from the mother, and the withholding of the slaughter: the import of frozen meat supplements and the recovery of cost improvement profit margins. The revenue from the 20q3 slaughter business was $12 billion, or +14 per cent, of which $10.5 billion, or +16 per cent, was received from the outside.
A 6% increase. The raw-food business has increased the reservoir of frozen products, while the company has increased its meat imports, which have more or less doubled in the last three quarters of total meat sales and external sales, effectively compensating for the shortfall in the export of domestic meat, with 20q1-3 purchasing in association with Rotex amounting to $30/46.26 billion, respectively. q3 slaughtering has been profitable.
Four hundred and ninety-seven million yuan (year-on-year +3 per cent) and 4.1 per cent of operating profits (ring ratio +1.7 pct), with frozen meat still having a certain cost advantage. In the long run, the African swine plague has led to a decline in the amount of slaughter, environmental clean-up, the effects of the epidemic, the acceleration of the withdrawal of large quantities of small and medium-sized production, and it is expected that the company will be able to recover its national output.
The slaughter will increase significantly, and the market share will increase further.
Performance will continue to be better. The contract liability at the end of q3 is 1.36 billion yuan, the ring is more or less flat, high standards, the end orders are positive, and the q4 sales are expected to continue to grow better. q3 meat 1, Double Sink Development (000895).
The product business achieved operating profits of 1.6 billion yuan (year-on-year +10 per cent) and 20.9 per cent (same as maintaining a high level of profit, continued youth of brands + significant cost advantages in imported meat and a higher performance base for the same period.
A decrease of $140 to $3665, and a slight drop in ton revenue from the cost of the investment, which we think is a combination of high-level business people, channel incentives, with 21 years of meat sales expected to be high, cold meat release performance, meat price increases.
It is expected that the sum of $630 million, which is expected to be reduced mainly by the extraction of frozen stocks, will be reversed. This represents a net return of $1.897 billion (+22.9 per cent) and a net gain of $1,751 million in 2003.
The company raises brands by means of online and air ground campaigns. Since the beginning of the year, the division has been broadcasting several new strategic products on a live basis in association with Via, and the sales of new products have increased on a quarterly basis, leading in part to new products, such as: hot? hot sausages, fire, truffle sausages, double scavengers, etc. Companies are increasing their marketing inputs, innovations, signing star statements, headband shows, etc.
For example, new channels such as electricity, new recreational customers, catering customers, etc. have increased significantly, and companies have promoted brand rejuvenation through multi-channel construction. Profit predictions and investment ratings: under the influence of the swine plague, slaughtering, and long-term consolidation of the industry by the country’s front-line companies;
With regard to meat products, the company currently has some reserves and growing import channels, and the company is constantly adjusting in terms of research and development, marketing, etc.