There has been a steady increase in the number of coordinated slaughters in China and China, and the elasticity of the meat industry.
Investment ratings: increase (maintenance) in excess of expectations, maintenance of “increase” ratings, double-sink development publication of the three-quarters report 2020, yielding $5.576 billion in 2020q1-q3, an increase of 32.8 per cent in the same year;
With a net gain of $4.94 billion, or 25.2 per cent more than expected, we have slightly raised the profit forecast, with a large, high red rate, a solid value investment target, and maintained a “growth” rating. Companies are taking advantage of medium- and low-cost imported meat to boost slaughter revenues and profit growth.
By 2020, q3 fresh meat sales fell by about 6% on a year-on-year basis, and the decline in fresh meat sales was mainly due to a higher base for the same period in 2019. Companies increased their reservoirs of frozen products and imported low-priced meat, and imported meat sales doubled, allowing the division to still import a large quantity of low-price meat to ensure the stability of the slaughter business.
The company’s slaughtering rate is rising steadily, and the slaughtering business can be improved further. * Price hikes are released at a lower cost, and meat products are more profitable, with a total sales of 2.31 million tons of frozen pork, chicken meat and overpacked meat by 2020q1-q3 companies, representing a 2.9 per cent decrease.
Of these, the sales of 2020q3 poultry products increased by 17.3 per cent on the same basis, while the sales of meat products increased by 2.3 per cent on the same basis.
(b) product structure continues to be upgraded, such as 3.5 pcccccccccccccccccccccccfffffffffffffffffffffn. company update report - over-performance, upscaling of meat season; (c) prices of pork and pork are lower for the main raw materials.
Corporate Information Update - A steady growth in performance, still on a downward trend, with upscaling costs expected to keep up the upward trend in the tons of meat products, and meat production - 2020.4.29
The company update report - performance is slightly higher than expected.