Medical Health Research Center Growth hormone recovery, significant vaccinations for chicken pox 20201h, $3.92 billion, a 15.5 per cent increase compared to the previous year; net return to mother 1.31 billion
RMB, 80.3 per cent increase in the same year; $1.27 billion gain in the same year, 76.3 per cent increase in the same year; $2.26 billion gain in 2020q2, 39.5 per cent increase in the same year; $770 million gain in the same year, 112.2 per cent increase in the same year; $720 million gain in the same year, 100.8 per cent increase in the same year, q2 performance in the same year.
The company’s sales cost in the first half of the year was 31.6% lower than in previous years; management and R & D costs were stable at a flat level. Kinsey’s growth hormones recovered rapidly, 100 grams of vaccine was released, and the company’s performance showed up.
This period, the gold industry achieved a net profit of $1,129 million, an increase of 37.1 per cent over the same period, while the presence of time factors further increased its performance; 100-gram organisms realized a net profit of $171 million, an increase of 1.
Continuing upscaling – Long Spring's New Company Review, 78.5%. The Chinese pharmaceutical industry has generally stabilized, with a slight decline in high new real estate.q2 Growth hormone q2 has recovered at an accelerated rate, with continued high growth expected for the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry.q1 outbreak for growth.
"The high annual growth is expected, the gold race is expected to be restructured, hormonal sales and new patient outreach have had some impact, but companies have been active in innovative marketing models that have grown, and have increased their performance - a review of the new company in Changchun."
The hormonal demand is relatively rigid, q2 companies have grown in pure sales, new business, new customers, etc., and they are back on track. The company has a rich growth hormone model with three types of powder needles, water needles, long-acting agents, brand 3.
Power and marketing are excellent, and given the spatial scope of the growth hormone industry, the relative rigidity of demand, the more certain pattern of competition - the Long Spring High New Company Review, 2020.1.6.
4. The tri-quarterly report exceeded expectations, growth hormones were expected to remain. The first half of the year, the first batch of the vaccine was expected to contribute significantly to the elasticity of sales, and the nasal flu vaccine was expected to become a new growth point.
5. “Reorganization programme revision, 100 grams of biology and Russian companies, 21.34 million units” – 113 per cent increase over the same year, with municipalities accounting for about 39 per cent (28 per cent over the same period last year). In addition, it is expected that the first national nasal influenza vaccine will be sold and gradually contribute to its performance in the second half of the year.
Pipelines are abundant, herpes vaccine has entered clinical trials in three stages, with the fastest rate of production in the country; cellular adsorbence, white and white (three parts) have entered clinical practice. In the long run, 100-gram listings are conducive to broadening the financing of vaccine companies, building financial capacity, and laying a solid foundation for product development and market consolidation.
Without taking into account the 100-gram bio-distribution to corporate profits, we expect the company ' s 2020-2022 vanafana1@aizacomcn gold pharmaceutical industry performance commitment risk; changes in growth hormone market patterns, increased competition; and health insurance price reductions and controls
yuan_wei@gjzq.com.cn Risk: Vaccine batch issuance is not as fast as expected: Nose flu vaccine sales are not as fast as expected: 2020, after which an average of the final rating is calculated and built as an average market investment