Shinjiyama's testimony, Changchun Kotsun (000661.sz) is covered for the first time.
Reason for reporting: Biannual reports, high performance, growth hormones and vaccine two-wheel drive.
26 August 2020 Launch of the semi-annual report by the company , which achieved operating income of $3.917 billion in 2020h1, an increase of 15.48 per cent in the same year; net return profit of $1,399 million, an increase of 80.27 per cent in the same year; and non-retroactivity
High performance growth, q2 strong rebounds. The net profit of the parent company 2020h1 grew much faster than the income of the business, mainly due to the combined interests of the minority shareholders in the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry, deductions and tabulations, market data: August 26, 2020
q1’s operating income against the net return is mainly due to the rise in growth hormones and vaccines for high-morier products. Growth hormones continue to grow, and pox vaccines are rapidly released. Molecular companies look at: (1) gold.
The pharmaceutical industry achieved 2,535 million yuan, an increase of 18.47 per cent, a net profit of 1,129 million yuan, and a market share. The frozen dry nose flu vaccine has been issued with a drug registration package that enriches the company’s vaccine product line, bringing new profit growth points to the company; and (3) the Chinese medicine industry has achieved a harvest.
(a) 28th floor of ITC, 69th West Street, Taiwon City, Beijing City, 28th China Sea International.
At the heart of the 7th floor, Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd., the domestic growth hormone market is vast, competitive, and the industry is still developing at a very rapid pace.
>Drug safety risks; industry policy risks; risk of underdevelopment, new coronary pneumonia epidemic attitude, and presentation of this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I am not, nor will I be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity or place.
The information available in the course of the profession and practice serves the self-interest of the individual or of another person.