Healthcare pharmaceuticals, biosciences and life sciences have continued to grow at a rapid rate, and vaccine plates have performed excellently.
q2 performance is robust and cost-control is improving profitability. q2 companies have achieved revenue of 2,256 billion yuan (+39.54%), net profits of $855 million (+71.45%) in a single quarter, and the recovery of newly ills in the second quarter of the match and the rapid growth of 100 grams have led to a strong recovery in their performance in the second quarter.
The net profit of the mother is higher because of the minority players in the gold race. The overall Māori rate for the first half of the year was 85.03%, an increase of 1.61 pct over the same year, mainly in the case of high Māori genetic engineering/biological drugs. The cost of selling was only 27.40% (-6.85 pct), thanks to good cost-side regulation.
The increase in the volume of sales, in detail, is mainly due to a decrease of $49 million in the remuneration and benefits and freight costs of workers affected by the epidemic in the first half of the year; a decrease in the management rate of 10.40 per cent for h1 and in the cost of staff and commissioning external research and development inputs.
The 12-month high/minimum gold races and 100 grams were excellent, and real estate operations were hampered by the epidemic. 20H1 gold racing medicine generated 2,535 million yuan (+18.47 per cent) in net profits of 1,129 million yuan.
(+37.14%) q2 revenue ends are projected to increase by more than 30%, second-quarter net sales, new infections, and new billions (+78.51%), mainly as a result of the expansion in sales of live water pox detoxification vaccines, the year in which the whole batch was issued, of which a total of 568 grams was issued in January-July
Ten thousand (+105 per cent) to guarantee a high annual net profit growth of 100 grams, in addition to the new frozen dry-sniffing flow, the readiness to market a live-disease vaccine, the successful bidding process in the provinces, the impact of the epidemic on influenza vaccination in the next quarter, which is expected to be more than anticipated, and the risk of a nose inflammation vaccine as a fourth price.
The effective supplement to the decomposition vaccine is expected to share the benefits of the expansion of the industry. The Waqant medicine industry earns $265 million, the growth hormones and the rh-fsh support gold races are growing rapidly, and the vaccine can be removed and re-assembles are expected to be re-evaluated.
At present, the country's exclusive species, with good medium-term competition, still have low growth hormone penetration, with cumulative treatments for long-acting agents accounting for less than 1 per cent of the total treatments, and future Kinseys are expected to benefit fully from the expansion of the industry as a result of increased penetration and adaptive expansion; another major nuclear weapon.
The recombinant ovarian irh-fsh is the only recombinant product in the country and sales are increasing rapidly at a very long stage, with the completion of the 111th clinical phase of the registered ctr20171088 Open Information New Adaptive Disorder “Auxiliary Reproductive Technologies or Ultra-Ovonics” and the approval of the vaccine is expected to contribute further to the increase in municipal occupancy rate.
On the other hand, in June 2020, the company announced that 100 grams of organisms had initiated a de-marketing process, based on the cde review and the data of the Data Register and Information Publicity Platform for Clinical Trials, in addition to the already-listed water pox detoxification vaccine, the human rabies vaccine (vero cell) and the new nasal injection vaccine.
Formerly included in the line of study are varieties such as heavy-pound herpes detoxification vaccine (111 issues, gsk herpes disease, more than US$ 2 billion in global sales), frozen dry vero rims (iii), adsorbent with unfavourable fission vaccine (three sets) (procedurally approved), referring to the current vaccine in the country.
The company is a home-grown growth hormone leader, a unique vaccine business, whose overall income and profits have been growing steadily over the years, and which has been stable for nearly a decade.
Risks, the risk of increased competition for growth hormones or vaccines.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.