q3 slowdown, without prejudice to long-term development prospects
Lee Ping-hoon issued a tri-quarter report in 2018. The revenues were 1,594 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2018, an increase of 35.70 per cent in the same year; net profit returns to mothers were 318 million yuan, an increase of 58.67 per cent in the same year;
Wang Xiaoqi, of which $562 million was collected in the third quarter of 2018, an increase of 30.09 per cent in the same year; $1,000,000, an increase of 15.49 per cent in the same year; and eps 0.20 per cent in the same year.
The increase in sales team staff in Mengung Wei is due to increased market expansion costs; management costs of $218 million, an increase of 33.99 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the increase in Hong Kong ipo and fixed management costs of the controlling subsidiary Hong Kong
Information provided for the preparation of the present report; as a result, financial costs of $850 million, representing a 92.40 per cent decrease over the same period, were mainly attributable to exchange gains and losses. (i) q3 performance slowed down, with good cost controls during the period
Corporate performance continued to grow at a high rate, the q3 growth rate slowed and the Māori rate decreased. In the first three quarters, revenue was 1,594 million yuan (+35.70 per cent), resulting in a net gain of 318 million yuan (+58.97 per cent) from the mother and a net gain of 264 million yuan (+55.87 per cent) from the mother.
(1) frontageholdings Port Unit ipo cost impact (approximately $1.7 million in q3 season); (2) disposal of 100 per cent of the influence of the subsidiary Shanghai and Suzhou Fangda organisms; (3) impact of lower Māori rates; (2) impact of early recognition of FFA costs; and (3) low old Māori rates
Order digestion has a greater impact; (4) reduced Māori rates affected by instrumentation clinical verification in Jethong Teri maintain high growth and future high growth levels are determined to be higher than revenue growth; financial costs of $850 million, or 92.40 per cent less than the same, are mainly due to exchange gains and losses.
(ii) Active expansion of the business area, with a view to long-term sustainable development The company has been active in expanding the business area in a number of ways, increasing the stock of high-quality projects and contributing to the long-term sustainability of the future. During the reporting period, the company ' s business expansion has focused on: (i) participation in new drug investment funds and health-care delivery
Business M&A funds to accelerate the pace of equity investments; (2) new offshore affiliates to expand European operations; and (3) strategic cooperation to achieve business synergies and synergies. The concrete progress is shown in table 1. We believe that corporate investment M&A funds can generate investment returns on the one hand, and the M&A fund ' s professional advantages and risk control capabilities on the other.
Quality project reserve; new Romanian affiliates to help speed up the company ' s network layout in Europe, expand its European operations and actively prepare the company for a large-scale international multi-centre clinical trial operation in the future; and strategic cooperation with the sea and drugs to maximize their respective strengths, achieve synergies and complementarities of operations and contribute to both sides in innovative drug clinical research.
In recent years, the company has been involved in the establishment of a number of new drug investment funds and health sector M&A funds, and the return on investment and available financial assets has grown rapidly.
Billion dollars, an increase of 65.72 per cent over the same period.
(iii) Continued technology-driven and increased R & D inputs. Companies insisted on technology-driven R & D inputs continued to grow. During the reporting period, the company ' s R & D costs amounted to $750.4 million in policy changes to provide a communication platform for domestic and foreign clients to facilitate business development.
Several seminars to promote the internationalization of pharmaceutical research and development. (iv) A wide range of equity incentives and a gradual improvement in the talent incentive mechanism. In August 18, companies launched a stock options incentive scheme.
During the reporting period, 1.00 per cent of the total stock of the company was incentivized to a total of 379 persons, including the core technical (business) personnel of the company and fully-owned subsidiaries and some of the personnel who had worked in the company for three years. Of this number, 4 million were awarded for the first time, representing 80 per cent of the total credit awards, or about 0.80 per cent of the total stock of the company during the reporting period; 1 million were reserved, representing the total number of planned awards.
The measure of individual mobility is determined on the basis of a performance assessment. Our understanding of the incentive scheme is as follows: (1) the range of incentives is wide. The incentive range is 379 people, and the range of incentives is wide for core technology (industry) personnel of companies and fully-owned subsidiaries and for some of those who have worked in the company for three years. (2) The incentives are designed to attract and retain excellence.
Talent, motivation, effective combination of the personal interests of shareholders, companies, and operators, helps the Director of the Public Sector to develop. This exercise is not strictly limited to the company’s performance in recent years, and the performance test is completed on time. The objective is to mobilize motivation and develop the individual interests of the core team with the company.
It also shows the public that the corporate focus on talent helps attract more talent. (3) Incentive amortization costs have little impact on performance. If awarded in September, the corresponding share of amortization costs for 2018-2021 is released well above the increase in amortization costs.
Despite the slowdown in the growth of q3, the company’s performance in the three-quarters reports has been growing at a high rate, but it has benefited from the boom in innovation drug research and development in the country and from the evaluation of the consistency of generic medicines, and we continue to look forward to its future development. The company is a leading company in the country’s clinical trials, and, on the one hand, the company’s clinical research capabilities and business experience are clearly superior and service capabilities are constantly raised.
High; on the other hand, through the establishment of investment funds, additional affiliates abroad, and strategic cooperation, companies have been active in expanding their business areas and increasing their own reserves of high-quality projects; in addition, companies have continued to increase their investment in research and development, promoting business integration and restructuring, and improving operational efficiency. We are looking forward to maintaining a high rate of growth as a leader in clinical outsourcing, with projections for the period 2018-2020.
Industry competition increases the risk: the risk of loss of core technical staff: research and development on innovative medicines and evaluation of consistency are less advanced than expected.