A significant reduction in efficiency costs was achieved, with the company ' s accelerated penetration of bc products released on 22 August, mid-2025, when the company achieved 32.8 billion dollars in revenue in the first half of the year, resulting in a significant reduction in cost and impairment-led losses.
1. "Lonki Green Energy Company rating: bc continues to rise, financially secure, current silicon silicon silicon output, 52.08 gw (24.72gw for external sale), 17 per cent for the same increase, battery assembly over cycle " , 2025.4.30.
The output was 41.85gw (of which the component volume was 39.57gw), an increase of 23%.
First, 2024.10.31 Operating efficiency-led sales/management costs have decreased significantly by 37 per cent/23 per cent over the same period, respectively, and 3.
Impairment of output was significantly reduced, with losses in the first half of the year being significantly narrower than in the same period last year. q2 industrial chain grabs led to a recovery in the prices of the assembly, a narrow loss in the company ' s silicon, battery unit business units, and a recovery of 3.4-0.8 per cent in the public sales of the Maori ring.
In the first half of the year, the company Hpbc 2.0 was able to climb steadily, with a 97% battery production rate, a 24.8% efficiency shift, an accelerated market penetration of bc technology, a rapid increase in the number of signatures, the first half of the year.
At the end of the reporting period, the company Hpbc2.0 had a battery capacity of up to 24gw, while the production of the cell of hpbc 2.0 in the brackish, bronze and bronze rivers began to be phased in, while the project was proceeding steadily, and production in collaboration with the English-German and flat-coal Lungi was beginning to be phased in.
By the end of 2025, Hpbc 2.0 was more than 60% high-efficiency battery capacity. In addition, the company’s high-quality, high-quality silicon silicon was rapidly and comprehensively promoted, with 90% penetration of the N silicon silicon silicon; The company was keenly aware of the trend towards the fragmentation of battery manufacturing in the industry and the expansion of the customers of the overseas silicon.
The company’s basics (the renminbi) are expected to boost the price of the industrial chain and the recovery of profits, and to be financially sound.
Through the cycle. Since the end of June, the photovoltage industry has moved forward, with prices rising for multiple links, such as multiple crystallized silicon, silicon and battery blades. On 19 August, six ministries and departments jointly held a workshop on the photovoltage industry.
Prices are expected to drive upstream increases, incremental coverage of costs, and industrial profitability repairs. As at 21.45 per cent, debt pressure was at a lower level in the industry, guaranteeing companies a life cycle.
Based on our latest industry judgement, it is expected that the profit from the restructuring of the company’s net return to the year 2025-2027 will gradually improve by maintaining a “buy-in” rating. The international trading environment is deteriorating: technology research and development is not as expected: industry demand is not as high as expected.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market