2025h1, the company achieved a volume of 52.08gw (out-of-sale) of silicon chips.
\triangleright 24.72gw), battery assembly output 41.85gw (of which component output is 39.57gw), but subject to competitive environmental impacts of sales prices of major products in the photovoltaic industry falling through the cost line of the industry, leading to operations
Dun Yongkang Losses, no gains; 2025h1 achieved a year-on-year reduction, mainly benefiting from operational efficiency promotion Sales costs, significant reductions in administrative costs and significant reductions in impairment losses.
The firm bc product leads the layout. 2025h1, the company's high-value Hpbc 2.0 advanced capacity is steady \triangleright
About 4gw, best sold to more than 70 countries or regions in China, Europe, Asia and the Pacific, Latin America, and Central and East Africa.
27.81 per cent and 26 per cent for bc components, re-renewing global crystalline silicone cells and component efficiency codes. Based on the advanced technology of bc products, companies have a differentiated competitive advantage, bc penetration rate plus
Rapidly rising, leading the industry to a high-value market layout. The company continues to expand its advanced production capacity, and through technological upgrading, it expects the Hpbc 2.0 battery to produce more than 60% of its high-efficiency capacity by the end of 2025, and is expected to take the lead in continuously improving the global layout.
Quarterly review in 025: profit phase pressure, bc2. Opportunities, domestic component sales recorded a strong increase of more than 70 per cent on a year-on-year basis; overseas focus on high-value customers and segmentation of markets, European market position is strong and of high value in Spain, Australia, Romania, etc.
2. Lungi Green Energy (601012.sh) 3-quarterly reporting points in 2024 saw a breakthrough in the market and was awarded a semi-annual rating of light-voltage components in Australia: 24q3 loss loops are narrower and firm bc technology leads
In the business of silicon, the company ' s high-quality silicone silicon was rapidly and comprehensively promoted, with 90% penetration of the n silicon silicon silicon at the end of June 2024/11/02; in addition, overseas silicon clients expanded.
3. Lungi Green Energy (601012.sh) was successful at the semi-annual reporting point in 2024, with a significant increase of more than 70 per cent in sales of silicon overseas in the first half of the year.
Quarterly evaluation: performance phase pressure, differences Assessment: performance phase pressure, differential competition for long-term consolidation Research conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.