The production capacity of bc has steadily advanced, q4 is expected to reverse the increase in the Southwest Securities Institute's output and bc component sales are expected. In the first half of 2025, the company used customers as a medium.
Increased front-line resource and service capacity investment to achieve a yield of 52.08 gw silicon tablets (outward sale of 24.72gw) and 41.85gw battery assemblies (of which 39.57gw and bc components were delivered approximately 4gw in the first half of the year), but were subject to a fall in market prices for major products from the photovoltaic industry.
• A steady push for bc second-generation capacity building and reverse expansion to create differentiated competitive advantages. Faced with industry challenges, companies look forward to the bottom line, focusing on the best value of their clients throughout their life cycle, and move forward with determination
bc The strategy is on the ground, successfully building differentiated competitiveness with Hpbc 2.0 and deep-field solutions. Based on high-quality Taewi silicon and hpbc2.0 battery technology, the company has been rolling out centralized Hi-Mo9 and distributed Hi-Mox10 products with component yield.
The highest rate is 24.8%, and the bc component is now included in the domestic large-volume bidding process. The high and reliable value of the company ' s hpbc 2.0 product is highlighted, and the landscape product matrix is being improved. The company will steadily advance the production of the Hpbc second generation, increase market development and promote rapid market penetration of the bc product.
At the end of the reporting period, the company ' s Hpbc 2.0 battery, which is expected to produce more than 60% of its capacity through technological upgrades, will be the first to complete the product structure upgrade. By the end of the reporting period, the company ' s Hpbc2.0 per cent owns a battery with a capacity of 24gw. Xinxi Weiwei District, and the Bronze River ' s Hpbc2.0 battery capacity has begun to grow.
The North project is progressing steadily, and production has begun in collaboration with English-German and flat-coal Lungi. The first-ever hibc technology is for high-end distribution markets. The company combines high-quality passivation and bc trades, innovatively developed and successfully produced the hibc (high-temperature composite passivation back contact) component, for the first time.
1. Lungi Green Energy (601012): credit for substantial impairment of assets. Component power of 700w+ based on 2382 mm x 1134 mm gold, with efficiency of 25.9 per cent. bc component shipped smoothly (2024-09-09)
Profit forecasts. The performance losses of 25q2 companies have been significantly reduced, the Māori ratio has been raised, and profitability has shown signs of improvement. As the bc-generation battery capacity has been built, product differentiation advantages have been highlighted, with companies at risk and changing investment returns having a volatile effect on their performance.
Assumption 1: company component operations have grown steadily with light-voltage demand, and city occupancy rates have continued to rise, assuming that component shipments in 2025-2027 are 100 gw, 110gw, 120gw, and that component sales are averaged 0.63, 0.65 and 0.66/w, respectively. Assumption 2: company single crystal silicon silicon silicons sales in 2025-2027 were 50 gw, 60gw, 70gw, respectively, and silicon prices were split.
Not 0.14, 0.15, 0.15/w, the Māori rate has been raised year by year with the return to normal prices in the reverse volume industry at -1.7 per cent, assuming that other operations have remained steady and that the Māori rate has remained relatively stable, and on the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of the company ' s sub-business income in 2025-2027 as follows:
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.