Summary of the annual performance statement for 2016 for the coal industry in Luangzhou (600188)
Event: On April 7, 2017, the Luangzhou Coal Industry convened the 2016 Annual Performance Certificate Code in Beijing: I. Business Performance Review and Capital Operation
The company ' s performance grew significantly in 2016, with operating revenues exceeding $102 billion, or 47.8 per cent, net profits of $2.06 billion, or 14.2 per cent. Coal prices rose significantly in the second half of the year, with company-owned coal sales prices increasing by $50.26 per ton on a year-on-year basis, affecting sales revenue by $3.05 billion, and methanol prices also increased significantly in late 2016 compared to the beginning of the year.
The total size, economic efficiency, operating economics, the company’s financial stability, and a significant increase in the net operating cash flow, as well as the interest rate on borrowings and interest-bearing liabilities. Interest-bearing liabilities as a proportion of total assets remain at reasonable and manageable levels.
The main assets have been boosted, with revenue of $3.4 billion in Shandong Province, an increase of $70 million in the base, a loss of $320 million in coal Australia, and $540 million in financial investment. All coal mines are profitable, but the overall loss is still due to the large size of the loan and the exchange rate fluctuations in the United States dollar.
By the end of the first quarter of 2017, a million tons/year was produced. Molaban coal mine workers (6 million tons/year).
After that, coal Australia will become Australia’s largest coal producer, contributing to the enhancement of the voice of the Asia-Pacific coal market and the control of superior overseas coal resources, and to the sustainable development of the cocoon company.1 What is the reason for the large out-of-pocket payments made by companies? What is the reason for the size of the company’s trade?
The company is a coal-producing enterprise, with larger land collapses, relocations, village maintenance costs, good relations between the company and the local government, and its operating out-of-pockets are mainly financial support from the local government. The business, trade, finance, is the foundation and trade and finance serves the business. The large scale of the company’s trade is mainly to occupy the market and to pave the way for future sales of coal produced by the company itself.
What is the purpose of the $500 million in long-term debt issued by companies? Answer: Companies issue long-term debt in order to borrow new debt to repay old debt, while overseas bonds are low and can be fully exploited.3 How can firms grow their productive capacity in the context of national production capacity?
Answer: The state uses advanced capacity to replace backward capacity, with different rates of backward capacity, ranging from 30 to 100%. Shandong supported the company’s development by handing over 20 million tons of replacement capacity to the company, while the company acquired more than 10 million tons of methanol in the province, and the price of methanol was high last year.
Answer: The company Ellin, Eldos and the coal industry are both profitable, and, due to the fact that Ordos has complementary coal projects, is in the process of being invested, losing in production and the cost of the pre-construction project is high, resulting in a loss of energy in Ordos. In addition, the price of coalified industrial products is higher than in the previous year, and the coal chemical products are profitable.
The company is planning to make a second phase of investment to build on existing products for deeper processing and higher value-added. The company has a sufficient pool of talent in coal industry, while the company has coal resources. How does it affect the company if coal production is reduced?
Answer: After the implementation of the 276 workday, coal prices rose rapidly, the country eased production capacity to replace backward capacity with advanced capacity, which, in the case of companies, affected only production in the third quarter, and after the fourth quarter, all coal mines were certified as advanced capacity. The company’s output increase was mainly from Inner Mongolia, where the schillaline mine was a test production, not a commercial coal, and not within 18 million tons.
The cost is very low, no goodwill is generated, only the mining price, the asset is the best, companies are tested annually for impairments, which, in both current and non-existent cases, do not require any impairments. As a listed company, Sino-Australia is currently not publishing an annual report, and four quarters of the profits will become apparent when it is released.
6. What is the equity capacity of Australia’s Union Coal? Answer: The company has issued a circular with detailed information.7 How much is the cost of the Moraben well mine compared to the open-air mine?
The cost of the Moraben well mine is lower than the cost of the open-air mine, which is between $45 and $50, while the cost of the open-air mine is less than $30, mainly because the well-worker mine is built on open-air mines and has no extraction link. The Moraben well mine is the company’s best-profit mine.
150 million tons of capacity, coupled with low coal prices, the natural phase-out of some capacity in the market is estimated to be about 3.9 billion tons. On the demand side, electricity is rising, the real economy is gradually improving, and we are optimistic about the demand for coal.
Response: In 2016, less than 2 billion coal mines were re-established in the Gulf of Dragons, with little impact on the company ' s financial costs. The Trans-Long Bay and sulphate mines are in the final stages, and future capital expenditures will be modest. In Australia, the recent heavy rains in Queensland, which have increased the price of coal for coal production and conductors, have increased by $15. The company ' s main mine is not in Queensland, and the heavy rains have had little impact on the company ' s production, and the company ' s revenues have been higher.
Has Australia’s three coal mines been shown? Answer: Three have been stripped out of the table last year, and $950 million in cash has been financed to build Molabun II. The spv agreement will last nine years, and the three mines are still on the list.
Is there a plan to integrate coal power? How does the company respond in Shandong, where coal production is compressed? Answer: The coal industry is less concentrated, and the industry has been integrating in recent years, for example, seven coal companies in Shandong Province have merged into Shandong energy sources.
The company's development to the Outer Province, investing in coal mines in Inner Mongolia, is equivalent to the construction of another coal in Inner Mongolia. What about the layout of the corporate financial plate? What are the plans of the financial leasing company? Answer: The financial block is mainly an industrial fund and asset management company, and it functions as a source of financing for the company, creating diversified financing.
Platforms. Shanghai Finance Leasing, which is mainly for financing the production of mining equipment, began its outreach operations in the second half of last year with the aim of reducing financing performance in previous years. We also have the equity of financial companies and several commercial banks in order to obtain a return on investment and a stable cash flow.
Answer: It is not possible to determine the amount of this year’s bad debt. The company’s location is at the county level, and the company’s operating position has a strong impact on local revenue, and it may not generate out-of-service income if the company is doing well.
The company’s combined coal price has increased less than the price of coal on the island of Qin, for what reason? Answer: the company’s coal product structure is different from that of the port of Qin, and the price changes have been modest, and it should also be seen in the subregion that these factors can lead to differences in the price of coal.
The price of coal has risen in Australia, while the price of coal has fallen in Australia for what reason? Answer: the higher price of coal produced by the three coal mines, mainly the ones shown, has led to a drop in the price of coal in Australia.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.