This week's industry perspective: super-high-pressure engineering is operating more efficiently, and the upgrade will boost the use of hours, and the core of the 2018 investment strategy is that electricity use will continue to rise at a moderate rate in 2018 and supply patterns will continue to be relaxed.
As a result of this, we expect a national increase in electricity consumption in 20182 and a partial power grid project that has not been fully implemented, with further reductions in transmission and distribution costs. Recently, the National Energy Agency released Zhenford High Pressure Marvão Research Assistant.
Ten reports on investment effectiveness in typical grid works (hereinafter referred to as "the Report " ) have provided a comprehensive analysis of the performance of 10 typical grid projects from the point of production to June 2017, in terms of planning implementation, operational effectiveness, investment efficiency, etc., of Zhefort high-pressure communication, and the Tsikho-Zhejiang ~800 kV-high-volt direct power transmission project, etc., as well as a “back-to-back” analysis of some of the direct-flow projects examined in previous years.
It was pointed out that some of the power transmissions were not fully realized, that the efficiency of the operation had yet to be improved, that the construction programme had yet to be refined, that the construction was poorly regulated, that the volume of electricity was high and that the costs were unreasonable. At the same time, seven “back-to-back” projects were generally well run and that the efficiency of the operation was stable, but that most of the direct-flow projects used an average of less than 5,000 hours.
Group hours are expected to pick up and contribute to the use and consumption of clean energy.
Investors with absolute earnings have an important reference value. [Excellently] the industry covers the best in the company, with only 1-2 shares per period.
They think that these stock trends will be a significant victory over the market, and they'll build the Sinda Securities Company.
"Cinda Securitiesco.ltd House No. 1 West Side Street, Beijing.
According to the company’s 2017 performance flash announcement, the company made more profits than we expected in 2017. The company achieved operating revenues of $50.124 billion, an increase of 2.42% in the same year; total profits of $26.652 billion, an increase of 5.95% in the same year; and electricity generation and revenue fluctuations in the 3rd, 4th Bank Union Iron Equator.
The number of hours spent on power plants remained largely stable in 2009-2015. In 2016-2017, the company achieved a steady increase in the average hourly rate of the four fleets by conducting a combined schedule of elevator stations. In particular, in 2017, the number of hours used was significantly higher than in 2016, and the amount of electricity generated by the company was re-innovated.
The company’s main business is hydroelectric power, with a single and heavily dependent business structure. The company has gradually expanded its distribution, distribution, and investment in overseas projects along the “swipe” route, facilitating the generation of electricity and tracking reports on the Yangtze Power (6009000.sh): the growth of power generation innovation and the value of hydropower tap investment has been highlighted in 2018.01.26.
Ma, Research Assistant, Master of Science, University of Qinghua, and the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre, which joined in July 2016, is currently engaged in research on energy chemistry. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for a portfolio of portfolio investment approved by the China CVM. This report is produced and published by Sindha Securities.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above. It is not intended for the public. It is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees. The historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
The securities issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, and no special notice may be issued in respect of the credit securities.