The industry view this week: light-voltage poles are down by five cents, leaving aside the size of the general photovoltaic power plant in 2018.1 The core idea of the 2018 investment strategy is that electricity use will continue to rise at a moderate rate in 2018 and supply patterns will continue to ease.
On 1 June, the DRC, the Ministry of Finance, and the National Energy Agency issued a circular on matters related to the production of photovoltaic power in 2018, which calls for reasonable management of the pace of development and optimization of the construction of additional photovoltaic power.
Second, the development of general power stations with State subsidies should not be arranged in any form until the State has issued a document to start building them. Second, the standard distribution of light-volved plants has been developed, with around 10 million kilowatts being set up this year to support the construction of distributed light-voltage projects. Third, support for the reduction of photovoltaic poverty, the implementation of the requirement of precision, precision and poverty alleviation, and a solid push for the reduction of light-voltage poverty, and the timely issuance of the second batch of “135” light-voltage, subject to the implementation of conditions at the local level and strict scrutiny.
(iv) Plan for poverty alleviation. Fourth, to promote the construction of a photovoltaic power pilot base. This year, it will be studied in the light of the size control of photovoltaic power generation. Fifthly, local governments will be encouraged to support the development of the photovoltaic industry according to their own policies and to organize their own projects for photovoltaic power without State subsidies in accordance with the conditions and requirements of the connection.
Photovoltaic power pricing mechanisms accelerate the downside of photovoltaic power prices. From the date of the initial submission, the netting cost of the newly shipped photovoltaic plant poles has been reduced by $0.05 per kilowatt hour, and market hot spots and industry depths have been exploited as one, with important reference value for investors seeking absolute returns.
The cost of Internet access for the i, ii, ii, and ii resource zone poles has been adjusted to 0.5, 0.6 and 0.7 (including taxes) per kilowatt-hour. To play a decisive role in the allocation of resources in the market, [excellently] the industry has been able to improve its market allocation projects further.
A weekly update, if not, would restore healthy and orderly growth in the photovoltaic industry in the long run, which is also a necessary trend in the photovoltaic industry. A change would be a follow-up assessment, and a justification would be given if the offer were to change.
They think these stock trends are going to be a significant victory over the market.
\triangleright Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
The number of hours used by the team has increased steadily. The company generated 2,10,893 million kilowatt-hours in 2017, a 2.35 per cent increase over the previous year.
The planned production of 17,493 million kWh of electricity was largely due to two factors. First, the water flow from the Yangtze River basins improved. In 2017, the total amount of water coming from the brooks in the upper Yangtze River was about 13,041 million cubic metres, which was 1.4 per cent more than in the previous year; the total amount of water coming from the three gorges was about 42,400 million cubic metres, which was 3.14 per cent more than in the previous year. Second, the uncertainty of the treasuries and the use of the engine hours increased steadily. In 2017, the average number of hours used at the three gorge power stations was 3.14 per cent more than in the same period.
In the first quarter, the company increased its electricity generation to 34.527 billion kilowatt-hours, an increase of 5.09 per cent over the same period. As at 31 March 2018, the flow of water from the water reservoirs of the Rivers and the Three Gorges was 1.22 per cent and 4.63 per cent more than in the same period of the previous year.2 The tax policy continues to increase business profits by eliminating the collection of earmarked funds to raise the overall income of the industry.
The announcement on the structure of electricity prices explicitly eliminates the funds earmarked for restructuring industrial enterprises from 1 July 2017 for power generation enterprises, reducing by 25% the national base for major hydro projects and the National Fund for Post-Immigration Support for Large and Medium Water Banks by 25%. The downward adjustment in the cost of the fund is conducive to an increase in the overall income of the hydropower sector. The Circular on Reducing the Burden of Business Fees in Renewable Energy (Advancement Draft) provides for more than 1 million kilowatts of water from 1 January 2018 to 31 December 2020.
Power stations, where the actual tax on value-added tax exceeds 12 per cent, continue with the policy of tax refunds. In 2017, the value-added tax on company electricity sales was returned to $2,291 million, or 8.6 per cent of total profits; in the first quarter of 2018, the value-added tax was returned to $717 million, or 21.18 per cent of total profits, and the return-tax policy continued to generate profits for companies.3 Diversification of business structures and further expansion of investment in utilities. In 2017, the company expanded the distribution of electricity and improved the business structure.