In 22 years, the company won $51,850 million (Yoy+16.40%) in net profit.
huhui2@guosen.com.cn Deepening collaboration with major global server branders, domestic and foreign csp clients to launch a new generation of cloud planner infrastructure solutions, including modular servers, high-efficiency computing (hpc), etc., with a focus on solutions
The company’s cloud computing server volume s0980522100003 continues to be the world’s number one, with cloud service provider products rising rapidly in terms of cloud computing income, exceeding 40% in 2022.
One hardware-related product doubled in 2022, and one server and Hpc accounted for about 20% of cloud service provider products in 2022. On the new market, the cloud-end machine system product started to export, and continued to invest in green computing research and development, introducing solutions such as advanced cooling and low-carbon skills in data centres.
In 22 years, communication and mobile network equipment generated $29.678 billion (yoy+14.37%). As global firms digitized, 5g infrastructure and the demand for smart homes rose, new markets such as industrial Internet, meta-cosm, and aigc grew and flows increased.
More than 50% of the leading client groups, business exchanges, are growing rapidly, and cyber-security products are expected to bring new growth dynamics to the company; in the area of wireless network equipment, the company owns 5g and w-fi6/6e nuclear heart technology, and is now deepening the organization of the company's wii-fi7 product and increasing the layout of the “Industrial space” field.
In 22 years, revenues from industrial Internet operations reached 1.912 billion yuan, an increase of 13.46 per cent over the same period. Corporate industries have achieved rapid growth in all three core sections of Internet platform (lighthouses/standard software/fiicloud) operations: excellence in manufacturing consulting and lighthouse plant solutions with 113 per cent growth in revenue and customer growth.
60%; income from one-stop digital manufacturing operations increased by 283% and customers by 63%; income from cloud and platform services increased by 140% and resource size increased by 53%. Companies have one-stop digital transformation services capacity and a full-scale landscape product system, with over 1,500 service providers. As of 22 years, companies have been in lighthouse plants.
On the layout side, six lighthouse plants were equipped and the world’s first sophisticated facility, the PHARE plant was built.
Figure 2: Quarterly operating income of the company and rate of increase (billion yuan, %) Figure 3: Quarterly Quarterly Quarterly Quarterly Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quantity
Figure 5: Sub-products of companies as a percentage of GDP (%) Figure 6: Sub-products of companies as a percentage of Māori (%) Figure 8: Corporate Māori, Net Interest Rates, Cost Rates (%)
Figure 9: Quarterly cost rates for companies Figure 10: Quarterly Māori rates, net interest rates, cost rates (%)
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author