High performance and red ratio innovation, with cloud computing accelerating up 0.32 per cent, resulting in net profit of $18.410 billion from non-return to the mother, representing a decrease of 0.92 per cent in the same year; q4 quarter achievement camp \triangleright
Twenty-two years of company revenue and profits have been historically high in a complex and volatile international political and economic situation. Twenty-two years, the company's Māori rate was 7.26 per cent, a decline of 1.05 pt compared to the previous year, mainly due to the same Māori rate for communications and mobile network equipment.
The cloud computing business has accelerated, and investment in the plus industry has opened up.
The cloud service provider’s share of cloud computing income rose rapidly to over 40%, and the share of the goods delivered by the i server and hpc grew rapidly to about 20% in 22 years. In the case of modularized products and the new generation of advanced cooling technologies and solutions, breakthroughs have been made.
1. The three-quarterly reporting points of the Federation of Industries (601138.sh) in 2022 saw rapid growth in equipment, and the wireless network equipment deepened the wi-fi7 product layout of the enterprise. At the same time, the company held 2. The Confederation of Industries (601138.sh) reported in mid-2022 that:
The industrial Internet: 22 years of income and good business performance, cloud computing and the industrial Internet continued to grow by 1,112 million yuan, an increase of 13.46 per cent.
All three core sections of the business are growing rapidly. Twenty-two years, the company has been very active in the field of "2+2" of the core of innovative business, such as the Industrial Internet, Big Data+Bobs, around the main business, in the field of smart manufacturing 3. Industrial wealth union (601138.sh) in the first quarter of 2022:
Review: A single quarterly harvest of hundreds of billions of dollars, production and business resilience - 2022/04/30 Manufacturing, company-invested industrial visual dragons listed on the Science and Innovation Board in July 22; robots
In the area of the annual report of the Confederation of Industrial Wealth (601138.sh), 2021, companies invested an additional $30 million in unicorn mind robots; in the area of the industrial Internet, companies commented on: negative performance growth, horizontal expansion generating second growth
Cable 2022/03/23 Investment proposal: Accommodating the need for numeracy with the chhatgpt generali breakthrough, expected company cloud services
\triangleright 5. Industrial enrichment union (601138). Businesses are fully well run, with companies with a high number of operations having a 15-fold valuation hub for nearly five years.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.