The company's business income has fallen by 500 billion since it went on the market, "2+2" core business plus new business strategy clean-up \triangleright \triangleright
Companies are the leading global service providers of high-end smart manufacturing and industrial Internet solutions, in the form of a 2+2 development strategy for “intelligent manufacturing, industrial Internet + big data, robotics.” The company’s diversification has grown into a system, the second growth curve is maturing, and it is expected that performance will continue to rise to new heights.
Global computing needs blow up, corporate cloud computing has grown for many years. In 2022, corporate cloud planners focused on innovation and launched the first global dc_mhs server in 2022, and the product was used in the newest generation of Hpc accelerators. At the same time, there were breakthroughs in liquid cold technology, etc.
The company’s number of first-tier cloud service providers, who have been providing ai servers (accelerators) and storage devices over the years, is expected to grow with their clients. Communications and mobile network equipment are still dynamic, and companies are active in new and emerging areas.
Communications and mobile network equipment generated $29.678 billion, an increase of 14.37 per cent. With rapid global developments such as arot, 5g, growing demand for network expansion, companies are continuously launching business network equipment, wireless network equipment and 5g-related products, smart household products and industrial-related products.
Of these, 5g items of equipment are collected, and the network is growing by more than 20%. Companies are steadily consolidating their operations, while exploring new areas such as electric vehicles, new materials, semiconductors, medical equipment and equipment, and developing diversified systems.
Industrial Internet use has accelerated, and companies have continued to empower the digital economy. In 2022, corporate industrial networking generated revenues of $1.912 billion, an increase of 13.46 per cent over the previous year.
Growth, with more than 1,500 clients in 10 major industries. The company's six lighthouse factories, which build the world's first and most sophisticated facility-processing lighthouse plants. Through 5t integration, the rate of import of new products has increased by 29%, and the rate of productivity climbs by 50%. Looking ahead, the digital economy has continued to grow.
Risk factors: less than expected digital economic development; downside macroeconomic risk; downstream market volatility; and
Mox, Graduated from the University of Florida, United States of America, Master of Electronic Engineering, Guangjiang Securities Research, 2012-2022.
The study was directed towards semiconductor equipment, semiconductor materials, integrated circuit designs. In August, it entered the CSSG, and in November 2022 it joined the CSSG, which studied optical, consumer electronics, automobile electronics, etc.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.