A number of flower blooming performances and a global layout of “Golden” highlight events: 29 January 2024, annual performance advance announcement for 2023, company race tires (601058)
Annual operating income is expected to be about $26 billion in 2023, with annual net profit of $3.16 billion net of non-recurring gains and losses attributable to shareholders in listed companies realized in the same period of the previous year (statistical disclosure of data)
2023q4 is not a bad season, and net homecoming interest rates have risen further to record highs. We are based on Hong Young-dong industry demand in the fourth quarter of the year, which is less than three quarters, but the company's 2023q4 performance is bright.
Eye, the net interest rate ring rise is clear, and we believe that it is mainly because (1) overseas demand is better, Yoon Lew's brand of tyres continues to be recognized with high value for money, and foreign distributors go to stock for the public.
The impact of the division was phased out in the second half of the year. At the same time, the low-tax advantages of the company’s overseas factories are still being used. (2) Domestic market demand has recovered, company production has increased and work rates have recovered, thus contributing to the spread of costs and increased profitability. (3) High-profit non-road tyres have expanded in an orderly manner.
According to the company ' s 2022 report, in 2023, the company planned the expansion of non-road tyre production capacity in Qingdao, Kao, and Viet Nam, while the company worked hard on the development of giant tires, and on November 18, 2023, the company moved down the first tires of the South factory and officially entered the production phase. The company persisted in the production phase of non-road tyres.
Research and development inputs and technological innovations in the field have resulted in increased customer recognition for products such as mine card, agricultural and giant tires, with company income increases for non-road tyres and Māori rates in 2023, which are on average higher than full steel and semi-steeds and effectively boost the profitability of companies.
The company announced on January 29 that it would invest in a project to build 6 million semi-steel meridian tyres per year, which would have the capacity to produce 12 million semi-steel meridian tyres per year. The market would be located in the North American sea.
In the external market, an average annual operating income of $323.238 million is expected to be achieved, and annual average net profits are realized. In North America, Mexican factories have the advantage of zero double counter-tax rates, and the decentralization of the base in China, Viet Nam, Cambodia and India can enhance the ability of companies to respond to international trade barriers, closer to the needs of overseas markets.
Increased recognition of liquid gold tyres and the continued increase in the value of assistive companies' brands. Liquid gold, Sunda Securities, Inc.
Cindasecuritiesco., Ltd., which is the fourth milestone technological innovation in the world rubber industry. (1) Performance: House 1, 9 West Side Street, Beijing.
The company’s liquid gold tyres are validated and tested by a number of authorities such as the Spanish idiada, the German tüv, and the Smith Laboratory in the United States, whose excellent indicators such as oil efficiency, comfort, manipulation, grindability are widely appreciated and accepted by drivers.
Car tires can reduce energy consumption by 4 per cent or more, respectively, and new energy cars using liquid gold tyres can increase transport by 5 to 10 per cent. (2) Social recognition: in January 2024, race round liquid gold tyre technology, due to its representativeness and orientation, and special contribution to the development of the Chinese automobile industry
In our view, high-quality products, represented by liquid gold tyres, and higher-end assistive companies’ brand value, are behind the company’s research and development, manufacture, and production.
Risk factors: new projects, such as factories in Mexico, have not progressed as much as expected, downstream demand has declined significantly and raw materials prices have risen significantly
Zhang Yinsheng, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Financial Sciences, Beijing University, and seven years ' experience in the management of the China Chemical Group. In March 2015, China formally joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the chemical industry, and in the petrochemical and basic chemical industries.
Yoon Yoo Yoo, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Nakayama University, Master of Audit, Central University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, which is partly unconnected, unconsensual, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVC has approved.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.