Over-performance, accelerated growth in Cambodia
The net profit from the constant gain or loss is about $3.16 billion, which will increase the temperature of tyres compared to the same period in the previous year, increasing the company ' s performance by 302.62 per cent in 2023, attributable to non-recurring gains and losses on shareholders of listed companies.
The central reason for the high performance was the apparent recovery in domestic tyre market demand, and the product Māori.
The company's entire steel, semi-steel and non-road tire production is new in history.
The full capital subsidiary proposes to invest an additional $770 million in the “Investment in Cambodia 6 Million Steel Meridian Tyres Project” and a total of $2.25 billion in the after-investment project, which will have the life of 12 Million Steel Meridian Tyres per year.
The project is expected to last 16 months, with a net profit rate of 21.67 per cent, and the company has extensive construction and operating experience in Cambodia, and will have an annual production of Carttire after the completion of the 12 million semi-styres meridian tyres project this year.
The capacity to produce 21 million semi-steel meridian tyres and 1.65 million whole steel meridian tyres can better meet the needs of overseas markets and further enhance the ability of companies to respond to international trade barriers, increase competitiveness of firms and increase market access
Non-road tires are expected to maintain a high profile, North American factories are built to improve the global layout, companies, and companies.
Over-expected profitability in the fourth quarter, taking into account the increased profitability of companies and the high downside risks in the economy: the risk of high volatility in product prices; the risk of project construction falling short of expectations; the risk of being constrained by environmental policy start-up; and downstream demand falling short of expectations
The company's profit projections (millions of dollars) were introduced by the Chemical Group, Zhang Weibao: M.A. Chemical, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, three years of which were researched by sellers
Experience, 10 years of buyer research experience, good at judging industry and corporate trends through supply and demand relationships and changes in competition, and committed to recommending high-quality companies with long-term competitiveness.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.