\triangleright added to the investment in Cambodia's 6 million semi-steel meridian tyres per year to produce the project's annual capacity
Upgraded to 12 million with a total investment of 2,247 million yuan for 16 months of the construction cycle, with project net interest rates expected to outperform the expected performance in the fourth quarter, mainly due to the completion of in-country capacity conversions and base production in South-East Asia \triangleright
In the first quarter of 2023, the company began to make technical changes in the non-road tyre business of the Qingdao factory, which was completed in the fourth quarter of 2023, with a capacity of 60,000 tons per year, while the company made technical changes to the production base of the mill and upgraded the plant's non-road tyre production capacity.
9 million semi-steel tires in Cambodia were fully operational in 2022, 1.65 million full-line steel tires were fully functional, and in 2023 the base in Cambodia was able to produce or continue to climb on the slopes, with a further increase in capacity utilization in four quarters; the company Viet Nam produced 50,000 tons of non-road tyres and 1 million full steel tires and 3 million half-seats per year of three-phase projects in Viet Nam
It was built between 2022 and 2023, and its capacity continued to climb in 2023 and released, adding to the company's base in Cambodia, where growth is expected to continue. On October 30, 2023, the company announced \triangleright
On January 29, 2024, the company announced that it would raise the capacity of the project to 12 million, with a 16-month construction cycle, at a profit of $701 million. In addition, the company planned to produce 6 million semi-steel meridian tyres per year from the Mexican base.
The research assistant, Liu Lungi, is expected to contribute to the increase by 2025; the company has also planned a base for Dong's family, keeping the company's liquid gold products on half a steel tire. The company began to promote liquid gold tyres in early 2023.
In the field of semi-styrene, liquid gold semi-styrene has also increased exposure in exhibitions and advertising campaigns.
Rapid performance rating: strong recovery in domestic and foreign markets, single quarter Investment proposal: sustained expansion of the company's tyre production, up-swinging of tyres in and out of the country, and corporate performance rating: net return profit of 691 million yuan in the second quarter.
Trailer tyres (601058.sh) spot assessment report: tyre production 10x, 9x, maintenance of a “recommended” rating, sustainable release, liquid gold technology gains performance - 20
\triangleright 4. Race tires (601058.sh) reported mid-2022: Improved integration of raw materials and continued high layout of product lines
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.