The efficiency gains are significant, with the pig chicken business resonance \triangleright ' s performance forecast for 2022 issued by the company on 31 January 2023, which is expected to result in a net return to the mother
In 2022, the company sold 17.990 million meat pigs (both pig and fresh products), an increase of 35.5% in comparison with the previous year, and basically met the target of 18 million at the beginning of the year.
By the end of 2022, the company had a stock of 1.4 million pigs, and in 2022, the company sold 1.08 billion yellow feather chickens (with chickens and fresh chickens).
Billion dollars. The production of chicken-breeding companies has remained stable, core indicators have been in the company's history for many months, research assistant Zhang Yiping has a clear competitive advantage in the industry, and the combined cost of farming remains good, pushing profits up by year.
Over the next few years, the company plans to maintain a 5 per cent annual increase in its poultry industry to increase the number of varieties suitable for slaughter. In addition, the company ' s shares (300498.sz) in the third quarter of 2022, in accordance with the relevant rules of the company ' s accounting standards, are influenced by the fall in the prices of year-end pigs and yellow feathers.
Q: Pigs, chicken climate resonance, three-quarters performance increase - 20 \triangleright: q2 performance swings to profit, leading to promise
3. In-depth report on the stockholdings of 2022/08/19 (300498.sz): pig breeding is expected to benefit fully from the incremental dividends of the animal and animal landscape, maintaining the “recommended” rating.
The report clearly and accurately reflects the views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, who have not received any direct or indirect responsibility for, or for, the specific recommendations or views contained in the report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.