The semi-annual review of 2025, August 25th, 2025.
During the reporting period, the beneficial consumer-type State subsidy policy was implemented and consumer-end demand was steadily released.
Outai development drives demand growth in the areas of pc, servers, automobiles and electronics. Companies maintain a strategy centred on city occupancy, better capture market opportunities, products in automobiles, consumption, major data, August 22, 2025.
There has been a rapid increase in revenues and sales on a par in a number of areas, such as storage and computing, mobile phones, etc. At the same time, the supply pattern of the lithographic dram industry has improved, leading to a substantial increase in the volume of products.
mcu, sensors and simulation chip lines, with a ratio of 68.55 per cent for storage chip camps and three product lines for specialized storage chips, including noorflash, slcnandflash and base drams, form a rich product matrix that meets the capacity and power of customers in different applications.
The multiplicity of demands in the form of pressurization and sealing has achieved full product coverage in the areas of consumer electronics, industry, communications, automobiles, etc.; in the first half of 2025, the company ' s storage units received 2,845 million yuan, an increase of about 9.2 per cent compared to the same period, with noorflash and base dram growing faster than before.
With regard to mcu products, companies continue to strengthen their strategies for deep-farming quality consumption and industrial markets, and to promote faster growth in the harvest of mcu products, which was close to 20 per cent in the reporting period. In the first half of 2025, there was a significant increase in the same year in the net sector; there was a faster increase in the consumption and automobile sector than in the previous year;
At the same time, the company continues to work deep in the subsectors of industrial control, digital energy, etc. At the same time, the company has gradually advanced its product layout around the ai, with a good growth in the collection of light-module products and steady progress in the expansion of the machine and server power sources.
The company is expected to benefit from improved supply patterns, leading to higher volume prices in the industry. On the one hand, the niche dram market showed a supply-in-demand situation as large overseas plants accelerated their exit from the niche dram market.
In terms of income structure, the share of ddr4 products has increased, with the new product ddr48gb having been highly effective in importing customers in the fields of tv, industry, etc. The income contribution has increased rapidly and has become an important part of the profit-based dram income.
Note: The “market index” of this rating systema has a depth 300 index of reference; the three new three-board reference point is a three-board indicator. The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “middle- and low-risk” level, a “stable” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium-risk” level, a “positive” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium- and high-risk” level, and a “radical” investor to use the various risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.