603986.sh) Electronic integrated circuits ii 25h1 continue to operate well, shaping the ecology of the “sense algorithm” platform
In the meantime, the development of the ai has continued to boost demand in the areas of pc, servers, automobile electronics, etc.. The company has maintained its strategy of maintaining a market-oriented focus and has better grasped the market.
At the same time, the supply pattern of the niche dram industry has improved, leading to an increase in the volume of products. At the same time, mobile phone screens, aipc, and noorflash storage capacity in servers have been constantly upgraded to pull flash
Business income growth. 2025h1, the company's introduction of a spinor flash product dedicated to 1.2vsoc applications, further strengthening the company's strategic layout in the area of dual voltage power flash solutions, and providing markets with advanced embedded storage solutions that can be applied to smart elastic devices, medical health, object networking, numbers
In 2025, as one of the first companies to achieve large-scale production of 45 nm node spinor flash, storage density was significantly improved, and technology and markets were kept ahead of schedule. (2) In the case of niche dram products, with large overseas plants, the niche dram market was rapidly faded.
The market is in short supply, with 2025h1-based dram products rising in volume, and the Māori rate improving by a significant quarter. The income structure has seen an increase in the share of ddr4 products, of which the new product ddr48gb has been highly effective in importing customers in the fields of tv, industry, etc., and the revenue contribution has increased rapidly and has become a liquid dram income.
Key components. The customized storage operations carried out by the company’s controlling subsidiary, S.T., are progressing well. (3) slcnandflash, where the company’s product capacity covers 1gb~8gb, uses two voltage types, 3v/18v, with high-speed, high reliability and low-capacity features, spinandflash.
Full product coverage has been achieved in the areas of consumer electronics, industry, motors and electronics. 2025h1, the Division has launched high-speed qspinandflash products with faster reading speeds and bad block management functions, which can be used as a proxy for innovation: 24 performance is expected to increase, building platforms on a continuous basis
A fast-starting application scenes in industry, iot, etc. Chemical/Multitypeic - Joaquin Securities - Electronic-Micro-Innovation - mcu: Products continue to expand their technological capabilities and deepen their fields of specialization.
Business market strategy, which generated $959 million for company mcu operations at 2025h1, an increase of 19.11 per cent over the same period, oscillating innovation: limited space for basedram prices, sustained output reduction/exit of top producers - Joaquin securities-electronics
In the area of applications, there has been a significant increase in revenues on a year-on-year basis; there has been faster growth in the area of consumption and automobiles than in the same year; there has been a steady performance in the industrial sector; and, at the same time, companies continue to work deep in the sub-areas of industrial control, digital energy, etc.
The product layout of the ai is getting deeper, the light module product collection is growing well, robotics and server power collars are increasing storage/mcu competitiveness-Hwagkin Field customer outreach is moving steadily.
A step-by-step expansion of product arrays to provide more competitive solutions for applications such as small household electricity, bms battery management systems, small screen display equipment, hand-held consumer-type moximum innovations: 24q3 performances increased significantly on a year-on-year basis, and dram products, industrial support controls, vehicle-mounted backloading, etc.
The future of the business - Hmg gold securities-electronic-mega-problem innovation - public innovation: "Saving" like a rock "calculation" , a lunar multi-touchboard control chip, and working with partners to launch a high performance, high-precision touchboard module program.
Springwind-Hankin securities-electronic-mega-renovation-the company's depth has already been used by a number of industry headlines to achieve production. In the area of mems air pressure sensors, companies already have a clear and forward-looking product mix.
The main product of the market has passed the e911 test. In the case of water-protected barometer products, some product models have successfully achieved volume production in internationally recognized manufacturers’ products.
The company's simulation chip income has increased significantly over the same year. It has reached more than 700 models in the technology, industry, and series of simulation chips with its controlling subsidiary, Suzhou, with a wide range of generic products and specialized products that satisfy industry applications.
Lithium battery protection solution and robotic vacuumer solution. Noor is expected to remain in the lead as storage chip process/protocol overlaps, and as dram's big head works can be switched, companies or copying the noorflash development path and customizing dram is expected to open up incremental space, folding it up.
The growth of the mcu department stores and the development of sensors and simulations is sustained, and performance is expected to continue to grow in the context of intelligent practices such as consumer electronics/car electronics/industry. “buy-in” ratings are maintained.