603986.sh) E-groups Performance continues to grow, customized storage opens up to add
1. " Micro-Innovation " : a quarter of a year of rest and 2 harvests and profits " ) 2.241 billion yuan in operating income was realized in the first quarter of 2025, a year-on-year increase
The slow season of the first quarter of 25 years and the simultaneous increase in revenue profits were attributable mainly to: 1) the gradual release of demand in downstream consumption-type areas as a result of consumer-state supplementation policies in the first half of 25 months; 2) ai-led end-end storage capacity upgrades, pc, servers, car-electronics, etc.
The demand for storage in the domain continues to grow. The company is actively promoting an increase in the city’s occupancy rate, and the company’s products are being matched by revenues and sales in a variety of areas, such as storage and computing, mobile phones, automobiles, and consumption.
1) In the field of norflash, companies are ranked the second largest supplier in the world, in the interior of the country, and demand for downstream consumption has increased markedly, with the country relieving it. In Liquidram, major offshore plants such as Samsung, Light and Hercules have accelerated their exit from the Liquit market.
In the market pattern that should be sought, the prices of corporate products have risen, the share of ddr4 products has risen, and the Māori ring ratio has improved significantly. In the mcu area, companies have continued to strengthen their strategies for deep-farming quality consumption and industrial markets, reaching nearly 20 per cent of the same increase in the first half of the quarter of the year.
2) Deepseek accelerates the pace of ai reasoning and application landings, creating new requirements for customised storage solutions as the end-ai needs to demand.
Clients stored in a number of areas, such as ai cell phone, aipc, automobiles, robots, profit forecasting, valuation and rating, increased competition in the market, higher prices of raw materials, less than expected promotion of new products, exchange rate winds.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market