On August 23, 2025, the semi-annual report of the mega-innovation announcement, the company ' s business income for the second quarter of 2025 was 2,241 million yuan, an increase of 13.09 per cent over the same period.
• Multi-area convergence, with drams improving supply patterns leading to higher prices, company prices compared to the trend of 300 deep, benefiting from the implementation of consumer-type State subsidy policies and the steady release of consumer end-of-life demand, while at the same time
Developments have continued to boost demand in the areas of pc, servers, automobiles and electronics. Corporate products have achieved a similar speed of income and sales in a number of areas, such as automobiles, consumption, storage and computing, mobile phones, etc.
At the same time, the rising storage capacity of mobile phone screens, aipc, and servers has contributed to the growth of flash business revenues. On the liki dram product side, as large overseas factories have accelerated the deflating of the liddy dram market.
In the first half of 2025, the price of company-based dram products rose sharply, with a marked improvement in the Māori quarterly ring ratio. In terms of income structure, the share of ddr4 products rose, with new products ddr48gb being highly effective in tv, industry, etc.
In the case of mcu products, companies continue to strengthen their strategies for deep-farming quality consumption and industrial markets, and to promote faster growth in mcu operations, which are close to 20% of the year.
There has been a significant increase in revenue over the same period; there has been a faster increase in consumption and automobiles than in the same year; the industrial sector is now stable; and, at the same time, companies continue to work deep in the sub-areas of industrial control, digital energy, etc. The company is moving towards a deeper product layout around the ai, with a good growth in the collection of light-module products, robotics and services.
For new products, the gd32a7 series of car regulation mcu products applies to multiple Electrified vehicles such as body control, smart cabins, chassis, power systems, etc.
With regard to sensor chips, the company has continued to grow deep in the mobile market, with a relatively smooth yield ratio. 2. Storage operations are moving forward, mcu is moving forward, simulation chips are simulating, and the company's original simulation chip revenue has increased by more than 4.5 times the same time, plus
The impact of the acquisition of the Sioux core, the company simulation chip revenues have increased significantly over the years. Market recovery has been less than expected; product prices are less than expected; cost-side controls are less than expected; geopolitics use information on legal compliance and produce the present report independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are based on open information from the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.