Improved dram competition patterns and increased corporate performance elasticity on 26/08/2025
– The company's performance was evaluated for 25 years, and improvements in the supply pattern and product structure led to the restoration of dram's profitability. Three of the original plants were phased out of the niche dram market, and supply tightening pushed prices up from March.
At the same time, companies are expected to increase their profitability by synchronizing the product structure, with the ddr4 series earning more than Piti. At the same time, affiliates’ technology is likely to catch up with the opportunities at the end, offering customized storage programs through volume expansion, bandwidth enhancement, and energy efficiency optimization.
The company’s nonflash business benefits from consumer electronics (national supplemental stimulus and upgrading of mobile phones/plate storage), computing (aipc penetration increase and capacity upgrade + higher server demand), industry (temperature and recovery drive increased pull power).
At the same time, it is expected that, driven by a combination of demand recovery and supply constraints, noorlash prices will be expected to rise mildly.
At this level, industry accelerates into a new growth cycle. 2025.06.21 Demand rebounds raise mcu performance expectations.
In addition, companies integrate mcu, sensors, and storage chains to provide closed ring support for human robots and are intelligent with many headlines.
Upward risks: a faster downwinding; a faster exit from large overseas plants; a smooth downside risk: lower downstream demand: less than expected new product imports; other systemic risks: more specifically, 25q2, 2.241 billion yuan, yoy+13.09 per cent, qoq+17.40 per cent; net return to the mother is $341 million.
Dram Operations: In 2025, three former plants accelerated the transfer of production capacity to mainstream products such as ddr5, phased out of the niche dram market, leading to a more pronounced supply gap in the industry, led to a rise in base dram prices starting in March, a particularly strong increase in q2 and, in a state of oversupply, expected price increases in the second half of the year, leading to an improvement in corporate base dram profitability.
The company’s ddr48gb product was produced at the beginning of the year and is now in production in the tv, industry, etc. The share of the lpddr4 small-volume product collected has also increased significantly in the first half of the year, leading to an increase in the share of the ddr4 product, and is expected to increase the profitability of the self-research product, the R & D and the stream, and it is expected that the self-research of the lpdddr4x small-volume product will be launched next year.
As demand for end-sideai rises and new demands are placed on customized storage programmes, companies’ controlling affiliates actively develop new technologies and products, including customized storage programmes, to provide better customized solutions for customers in terms of capacity, bandwidth, energy consumption, etc. The company’s customized storage of customers in a variety of areas, such as aai mobile phone, aipc, automobiles, robots, etc., is progressing well, accelerating commercialization.
Noorflash Business: In the first half of the year, the company’s noorflash recovery benefited mainly from rising demand in the areas of automobiles, consumer electronics, computing, and industry. In the area of automobiles, the output of company products continued to rise in the context of the trend towards motor intelligence, based on product performance based on continued deep farming, and client coverage. In the area of consumer electronics, better demand from the country’s supplemental stimulus and demand for equipment storage upgrades such as mobile phones, flats, etc., corporate noorflash
In the area of calculation: increased penetration of aipc and noorflash capacity upgrades (256mb to 512m), with a build-up of server demand and multiple drivers of corporate growth; in the area of industry, with a cool recovery driving further demand for noorflash products. In addition, demand recovery and tight supply, and noorflash prices are expected to rise to moderate expectations.
On the other hand, it is influenced mainly by two factors: (a) the relative stress of the production capacity at the end of the upstream crystal circle, and (b) the crowding up of the production capacity of the noor flash from other high-demand chip, which has led to a tightening of the supply of the product, and the prospect of a moderate upward trend in product prices over the next few quarters. (mcu) Operations: 25h1 benefit from state supplementation and downstream customer readiness, and the company ' s mcu business has increased significantly.)
Products grew further on the basis of a high base over the same period last year, with higher growth in the networked areas and a small recovery in industrial sectors in the context of industrial temperatures and recovery. In the first half of 2025, the company introduced the Mcu-gd32h7 series, based on m7 kernels, for digital signals.
In addition, by integrating mcu, sensors, and storing whole-storage product chains, companies provide "sense-decision-execution" full-chain chip-level shut-down support to human robots, and have established deep collaboration with a number of smart-head companies.
The company's valuation and performance chart goes up the road. Noor's Māori rate remains at 45%. 3) Self-researched dram supply gap drives price increases and new products and custom storage progresses well
In return, the year-round increase in revenue was substantial, with a Māori rate of over 20 per cent. 4) Corporate overall Māori rate stabilized at 35 per cent. 65 x 2026ueps, driven by demand and demand stress on the basis of 1) led to an increase of noorflash prices of over 20 per cent over 25h2 and Māori business rate of over 50 per cent. 2) Three former plants accelerated exit, self-researched dram products progressed well and demand exceeded expectations, with Māori rates of over 30 per cent; 3) mcu in consumption, connectivity and industry.
Lower-than-expected warming of downstream demand based on 1)h2. No significant price increases have occurred in norflash. 2) Dram product progress and customer imports have fallen short of expectations, three primary plants have not yet fully withdrawn from the niche dram market, and industry competition has intensified. 3) Overseas mcu suppliers have increased their competition against domestic industrial mcu markets, and demand for the h2 sector has fallen short of expectations. 50 x 2026eeps is given as a reasonable valuation.
Figure 3: Share of companies in business, Figure 4: Quarterly Collections and Increases by Company (millions) Figure 5: Quarterly Net Earnings and Increases by Company (millions)
Figure 6: Māori and net interest rates by quarter of the company Figure 7: Roa/roe changes by quarter of the company Figure 8: Changes in cost rates by quarter of the company
Accelerating downwind: ongoing global macroeconomic improvements will drive industry development, and further improvements in the macro-environment will result in firm performance A more rapid exit from major overseas plants: three main former plants will accelerate the reduction of their niche dram production, demand for corporate products will increase if large overseas plants do so, public new product R & D will be successfully imported: companies ddr48gb and lpdddr4 small-volume products are in customer import phase and are actively promoting self-research lpddddr4x
Downstream demand is less than expected: industries are now in a period of moderate recovery, with adverse effects on the volume of company sales and asp if downstream demand is less than anticipated. New product R & D imports are less than expected: companies ddr4 are in customer import, lpddr4x is in R & D, and if imported R & D is less than expected.
Other systemic risks: Central American trade frictions, marginal political frictions, etc., Hong Kong market benchmark is the Helium Index, the United States market benchmark is the Standard 500 index or the NASDAQ index, and the new three-board benchmark index is the three-line index (for the protocol transfer target)
This report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner by the author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research and adoption.