Elephthalm (300015): The second quarter is rapidly recovering, with high growth expected in the second half of the year
Four hundred and sixty-four million yuan, a decline of 12.32 per cent in the same year; net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company, net profit, $597 million, an increase of 50.51 per cent in the same year.
A temporary suspension of outpatient clinics and surgical services and a gradual resumption of performance in the second quarter have affected the company ' s main business, which has suffered a significant impact, with a total of 2.64 million outpatients.
625 million yuan (-26.19 per cent); 430 million yuan for immediate projects; 823 million yuan (-183 per cent) for services; and the impact of the epidemic on the operations of the main camps in the country, mainly in February-April, with the impact on the operations of the main camps abroad extending mainly from late March.
June. Data show a rapid recovery of corporate operations in July, with a 47.92 per cent increase in revenue in the same year as in the main domestic business, with 10 major subsidiaries in the country experiencing a rapid rebound in the delayed release of the company ' s performance, which is expected to sustain high growth in the second half of the year.
• Business efficiency and national network layout accelerates. During the reporting period, company sales were 43.73% Māori, a decrease of 3.41 pp compared to the previous period; net interest rates on company sales were 100% of Tianjin ' s shareholdings, Ortsi ' s interest rates were purchased by issuing shares or paying cash.
With 100% of the stockholdings, 80% of the shares of the City Eye Hospital, 90% of the shares of the Erey Eye Hospital in Huanzhou, and 90% of the shares of the Erey Eye Hospital in Kaizhou. With the acquisition of 30 hospitals by the Department of Merger and Restructuring, the pace of national expansion continues, and through the Industrial Fund.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The company will not receive this report but will not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information.
The information and the views expressed do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in the present report, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial resources, etc.
If necessary, consult with a professional consultant on the financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters.