El ophthalmology report, 300015.
Corporate performance recovered well after the outbreak, generating high growth in the second quarter. During the reporting period, the number of outpatient consultations reached 2.641 million, a decrease of 16.53 per cent compared with the previous period, and the recovery in late March of 236.3 million surgical classes. The overseas impact continued mainly from late March to the present, but the group as a whole recovered.
q2 Q2 returns 2,522 million yuan, an increase of 0.72 per cent in the same year, a net return to the mother, $597 million, an increase of 52.76 per cent in the same year, and a single-season increase in profits. In the month of July, revenues were increased by 47.92 per cent and 35.81 per cent, respectively.
The opening of night vision clinics, regular holiday clinics, expert online consultations, etc., captures the needs of the sick, wins a rapid upturn in performance in the form of special services and highlights managerial competencies.
According to the sub-operational section, the income from the tangent surgery was 1,540 million yuan, a decrease of 13.38 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the postponement of the competitive examination from June to July of this year and the postponement of some of the high-tests, which contributed significantly to July and August; and to the cataract operation, 625 million yuan, a decline of 26.19 per cent over the same period, mainly in the departments.
The impact of the epidemic, with a decrease in the mobility of older persons among the vulnerable population, is expected to recover in the second half of the year; sightseeing young people in the first half of the year of school have had shorter hours (facilitating access to clinics), the impact of Internet classes on visual performance during the epidemic, the concentration of pre-school consultations in the second quarter of the year, and the company's active promotion of special screening clinics, which are driven by a number of factors.
It's been a long time, and it's been quick to recover. It's $430 million and $315 million, respectively, for both the front and the back of the line, and it's the new decade for El Entrepreneurship to grow again.
The company obtained a merger reorganization audit, completed the purchase of 30 hospitals by issuing shares and paying cash, and further refined the strategic layout of the company ' s national network, moving from first-line cities down to district areas, Liu Hye Min
Providing quality, accessible services to people in the district areas and opening up a new wave of corporate growth, expanding the range of services, and strengthening the company’s profitability and sustainable development capacity. In the wake of the new crown epidemic, the company recovered rapidly in the second quarter, with a high-quality track and a high-quality racer, on the one hand.
Reflecting the need for medical services, on the one hand, the strong capacity of companies to manage and respond to crises, and the repeated outbreaks of the new crown, the epidemic has not recovered as expected; market competition has increased and profitability has slipped; mergers and acquisitions have not gone as fast as expected; and disputes over medical safety accidents have arisen.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.