Al ophthalmology (300015.sz) Medical ii q2 business recovery is clearly positive, with good performance in the second half of the year
The impact of the new crown has been largely eliminated, and a recovery in the second half of the year is expected to be high: the new crown epidemic has caused significant losses in the company’s operations in the first half of the year, such as light clinics, to compensate for the loss of performance. The company’s domestic operations have resumed since late March, and have largely resumed in April.
The high growth in income in July shows that the ophthalmology project is resilient and is expected to maintain a high rate of growth in the second half of the year. On the overseas side, the impact of the epidemic is mainly in March-June, with Europe and the United States starting to resume work in early May, with 33% growth in income from abroad in June.
With the exception of some parts, the company’s main hospital has resumed work: q2 battalion and the net return to the mother have increased at a rate of 0.7% and 50.5%, respectively. The epidemic has had an impact on the company’s performance in the short term, but in the long run has not affected the company’s business plans; and, as a clear cut-off point in the second quarter, the company’s operations are expected to resume at a high rate of growth, both at home and abroad, in the second half of the year.
High Māori visual services have recovered well and companies have increased their profitability: in the first half of the year, the company has experienced a certain decline, particularly in non-required operations such as cataracts, front-line surgery, back-of-the-eye surgery, and visual services have achieved income of 15.4, 6.3, 4.3, 4.3, respectively, and the company ' s surgical operations have been significantly affected.
The company’s first half of the year of sight and light service has recovered from primary and secondary school holidays. With the start of the summer peak in July and August, two high-morigin operations – kryptonum surgery and visual services – will soon resume. In terms of profitability, the first half of the year has been affected by the epidemic.
As a result, the company ' s Māori ratio fell by 3.4 pct to 43.7 per cent, and the recovery of high Māori operations, such as sightings and kowtowlight, rose by 4.1 pct to 52.8 per cent in the second quarter, with a notable recovery. On the cost side, the first half of the year was marked by a marked reduction in travel, extension costs, and company sales costs, administrative costs, financial costs, respectively, due to the impact of the epidemic.
El ophthalmology: Keeps high performance growth, with one pct to 16.9% in the vanguard, and earning capacity continues to grow as a result of the epidemic. El ophthalmology: The internal and external layouts have steadily advanced and performance has grown.
The company continues to invest in research and development and completes the medical cycle: after intensive collaboration with Wuhan University, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the University of the South in the first half of the year to complement its resources in areas such as medical science and research; the two sides will work together to build El ophthalmology: maintain high performance growth, with high end surgical coverage.
The company also added El ophthalmology: a high-end health-care market, internationalization, and a strong Internet hospital, which currently has 57 online hospitals.
The fund-raising plan approved that the company would buy 30 hospitals: on May 27, the CSRC approved the company's fund-raising plan, which would raise up to $710 million in private and change the distribution price to $21.25 per unit for 100 per cent of Tianjin Xin, 100 per cent of Oride Xin, 80 per cent of Chen City Eye Hospital, 90 per cent of Kaiju Ere, 90 per cent of Huan County Ere
The company’s acquisition of in vitro funds as part of the company’s strategy will further improve the company’s deployment of hospitals in the provinces and cities. Performance is flexible, and is expected to return to a high pace of growth in the second half of the year, and we maintain the proposal to increase-a.