We've got a downside of the epidemic, and we're back on track for the second quarter.
Net non-mortality profits of $553 million, an increase of 30.69 per cent over the same period, have returned to growth. In 2020h1, the company ' s overall Māori ratio was 43.73 per cent, down 3.41 pp from the same period last year.
During the reporting period, the corporate R & D investment was 0.52 and the second half of the epidemic is expected to recover strongly.
The impact of the operation has continued mainly from late March to June. Molecular companies in the country have resumed their work from mid-March, the European region and the United States from early May, and the South-East Asian region has gradually resumed work from mid-May.
In particular, the Hubei region, one of the company’s most mature strategic bases, has had a devastating impact on its operations in the most affected areas of the country. Since then, there have been repeated outbreaks in Kyunjin and the provinces of Xinjiang, Xinjiang and Xinjiang, where hospital operations have been significantly affected.
The epidemic has stabilized, and the company’s performance is now beginning to recover. In the first half of the year, sightings decreased least, by 1.83 per cent, compared to the same period the previous year.
By opening up a special clinic with market demand, the project will be quickly restored. The company's main income is the impact of the extension of the upper test. With the completion of the higher test, the demand for the tangent surgery will be released gradually, pushing forward the extension and acquisition of the company's strategic layout.
During the reporting period, the company announced on 30 June that it would raise $710 million in non-public funds to be used for mergers and acquisitions The restructuring of 30 hospitals further refined the strategic layout of the company's national network, strengthened the company's position, expanded the range of services, and increased the profitability and sustainability of the company.
A firm basis for a company's “secondary entrepreneurship.” Risks of changes in industrial regulatory policies: less than expected market expansion: risk of loss of skilled talent; and less than expected integration of M & As
Compute that dynamic pe is 122 times and 87 times, respectively. We believe that the company, as a leading ophthalmologist, will benefit from a continuous increase in demand for medical care and a gradual increase in market penetration, with further improvements in the market layout of the company in the future, and a backlog of demand during the epidemic.
Step-by-step release, with clear growth in performance. We look forward to the company’s future development, and we maintain that “the authors of Wei Wei Wong Schzi have qualified in securities investment advice or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association, with due diligence and professionalism, are independent and objective.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion contained in the present report, and the company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.