Restar medicinea (600196.sh)
• Group innovation products are in the early stages and are expected to grow at no less than 28% annual compound profit growth over the next three years: group innovation products are commercialized, bio-likes are on the global market, 2019, the year of commercialization of group bio-like innovation products.
Outside the city, the group ' s autonomous thlx02 (zercepac) anti-biological analogues were listed in the EU as the first to be approved in the European Union in China. In addition, the group ' s tweak-and-dammon anti-biological analogue products are expected to be approved in China.
The city. Group innovation drives the important trade-offs, while non-Buddhisms, pyrotechnic calcium chips, etc., achieve high sales and sales growth in their marketed products. As the group’s R & D pipeline continues to follow, we believe that the group’s net profits are not growing at a compound annual rate for the next three years.
“Innovation R & D + Introduction of Cooperation + Investment Merger” drives a sustained increase in the future performance of the group: re-star medicine is born with the re-star group investment M & A genes to achieve pharmaceutical manufacturing and R & D operations, medical devices, in line with the development model of “inner growth, expansion, integrated development”
In 2019, the first bio-like device in the country was approved and the bio-innovation drug was commercialized; in 2020, the first small molecular innovation drug, afro-poppy, was introduced.
Domestic marketing has been approved as a model for introducing cooperation; a steady increase in the return on investment in the distribution of medicines through the production of medicines in the holding country; and a global operation of the controlled Indian Injecting Simulation Pharmaceutical Company, Glandpharma, which is expected to split up in India in 2020.
In addition, the Group's re-starded Katecar-t treatment, which is about to be commercialized in China, and the introduction of the biontech new crown vaccine mark the full realization of three rounds of the Group's “Innovation R & D + Influencing Cooperation + Investment Merger and Purchase” taking into account the growing commercialization of the Group's innovative products and the marked acceleration of the process of internationalization.
Some products benefit from greater elasticity resulting from consistency evaluations and access to health insurance;2 group investment introduction process is accelerated to address unmet clinical needs, and car-t, new crown vaccines, medical instruments, medical services, etc. have a larger market space in the long run, with reference to comparable corporate valuations
Trade friction has a negative impact, and this report looks forward to starting with the fundamentals of re-starry medicine, analysing the logic of current re-starry medicine development, and trying to solve the following problems:
1) What is the current structure of the company's holding subsidiary? What is the business of each subsidiary? 2) Where is the firm's present and future certainty growth catalyst? 3) Where is the rationale for the valuation of re-starry medicine?
In the early stages of its existence, only pharmaceutical distribution and reagent operations were involved. Over a 10-year period, it was rapidly introduced into pharmaceuticals, medical devices, medical services, etc., through stock holding companies or joint ventures, which provided the basis for long-term endogenous growth.
Both Johnson-Johnson and Pfizer are rapidly increasing the size of companies in the early years of their existence through efficient industrial integration. We believe that 2020 will be an important turning point in the growth of companies: multi-drug candidates in the Group’s innovative R & D pipeline are about to begin a business transformation period.
In July 2020, the company ' s tritusads were listed by the EU as the first national biosimmon to be marketed in the EU. In the second half of the year, it is expected that the company ' s tutuads/Adamwoods are listed in the country.
>Pfizer/biontech's new coronary vaccine initiated 2/3 of clinical research.
The group’s ability to introduce innovative products is growing. In 2020, the group introduced small molecular innovation drugs for selective diagnostic operations or chronic hepatopathic platet reduction in surgery, which were successfully marketed and commercialized in the country.
We believe that, in the next three years, as a result of the innovative R & D, the introduction of the authorization, and the investment in mergers and acquisitions of companies' controlled subsidiaries, the revenues from Star Medicine will grow at a compound rate of 22 per cent, with business revenues expected to reach $50 billion in 2022.
Shanghai Restar Medicines (Governance Group) Inc. (Seoul Star Medicines, Stock Code: 600196sh) is an innovative health-care enterprise based in China and well-placed around the world. The company is positioned to create an ecological closure of the medical industry, covering the whole chain of medical health.
The company's “4in” strategy for “medical plus drug” integration builds the international R & D system through deep-deep soil, building on the global resource network.
Guided by the strategy of innovation, internationalization, integration, intelligent integration, and development models of endogenous growth, outreach expansion, integrated development, product and branding, and continuous innovation, integration and internationalization to ensure long-term growth in corporate performance.
Figure 3: Group Innovative Business R & D and Business Models The Group follows four steps around “Focus + Optimization of Financial Inputs + Strategic Cooperation in Top Design +”: continuous refinement of innovation Top-level design of drug R & D pipelines to improve and optimize product pipeline management systems by strengthening the workforce;
Building the 4+3 research and development platform (four platforms: small molecular innovation, high-value generics, biopharmaceuticals, cell therapy; three systems: licensing introduction, depth incubation, risk investment) to consolidate biopharmaceutical leadership in the core technical field of pcg: from the point of view of unsatisfied clinical needs, multi-channel deployments of cutting-edge technology and innovation.
The United States, Africa, and Europe, build the capacity for internationalization in all its dimensions. Capacity-building for global equity versus external licensing of innovative products is achieved through the strengthening of the bd workforce.
The group grew through four phases, the company’s founding phase, the early stages of internationalization, deep internationalization, and the innovation phase. At an early stage, the group took advantage of its innate investment in mergers and acquisitions of genes (the Respirator Group), and the pharmaceutical distribution and reagent operations moved rapidly into the areas of pharmaceuticals, medical devices, medical services, and continued industrial growth through the expansion of business plans.
In 2016 and 2017, the group internationalized its depths through the acquisition of Glandpharma, the leading Indian injecting drug company, and the French pharmaceutical distribution company, Tridempharma. The group entered a new development cycle in 2017 in the area of innovative drug research and development, and in 2019 went to the fast track, in China.
Seven applications for new drugs for clinical trials (ind) and three new medicines for listing (nda) were submitted, while 20 prescriptions for orphan drugs were approved. Three clinical trials were conducted in the United States and Australia. In 2019, the group published clinical test data on ff1501 and fcn159, respectively.
In January-May 2020, the group used full use of the Internet to remote work, with the difference in time between the epidemic and the resources of the United States and China complementing it by submitting seven applications for new medicines within five months, six of which were approved, six of which were newly launched, eight of which were requested for promotion or completion of clinical trials, and one of which was approved.
In 2019, the Group achieved a smooth and deep period, accelerating the innovation landscape while managing the life cycle of existing operations, setting a certain lead in the development of niche products, integrated operating systems and sound internationalization. 1.3. Business growth in the Group’s main camps has been steady, with over two thirds of research and development costs spent on innovative drug research and development.
Group operations cover the whole industry chain of medical health, with pharmaceutical manufacturing and research and development at its core, medical instruments and medical diagnostics, medical services, and, through the group ' s investment in the enterprise ' s national drug control holdings, the field of medical marketing. In 2019, the group achieved a business income of $28,585 million, an increase of 14.72 per cent over the same period, with net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies amounting to $3,322 million.
We believe that, with the listing and commercialization of innovative products from pharmaceutical manufacturing and research and development industries, the future drug will have achieved a gross profit of $17.02 billion in 2019, representing a 17% increase in the total profit of the three groups. The pharmaceutical plate, as the largest operating block of the group, has contributed 84% of the gross profit to the group.
Of these, 65.64% and 52.38% are medical instruments and diagnostics. With income generally stable, we believe that gross profits will increase in the future, mainly as a result of increased profits from the commercialization of innovative products. Medical instruments and diagnostic plates will result in a small increase in profits as a result of lower operating costs.
In the short term, the health services sector has a relatively low level of Māori as a result of sustained business expansion and increased operating costs. Innovative R&D is the core driver of the group’s future business growth.
The Division already has billions of dollars in the areas of metabolic and digestive systems, anti-cancer, anti-infection, central nervous system, cardiovascular and blood system, and has increased sales costs by 30.4 per cent each year over the last three years, mainly because the group has increased its investment in new products and markets in recent years. In 2019, the group’s financial costs were 865 million.
The increase of 19.50 per cent over 2018 is due mainly to an increase in the average interest-bearing debt and the increase in the discounted cost of the right-of-occupancy liability following the introduction of the new lease guidelines. Compared to this, the management costs of the group were more stable, with the management costs in 2019 being 2.88 silvillium, and the steady growth in the operations of the stock-held subsidiaries under the Meds Group.
The company actually controls Kwok Guangchang, and Mr. Kwok is indirectly holding 64.45% of Kwok International's shares.
The full-scale distribution of the re-Starry medicine has led to up to 50 sub-firms and holding companies, and this figure is on the rise in the coming years. In pharmaceutical manufacturing and research, through the controlled subsidiaries of the Van State Medicines, Pharmaceutical Friends Pharmaceuticals, and Indian Injecting Medicines.
Glandpharma’s revenue from the sale of a number of products continues to grow at a high rate. Autonomous innovation has been used as a driving force for business development, a “mock-up” drug research and development system has continued to be improved, and a number of innovative products that have been developed autonomously on a global scale have been clinically tested by various platforms, such as the Humpty, the Renovation, and the Heroes.
Among the major holding companies, Chongqing Pharmacies, Jiangsuwan, Orang Pharmacy, Glandpharma, and Gangang Han are the sources of the Chen City Hospital.
In 2019, the Group had nine small molecular innovation products (including one new improved drug), nine adaptive disorders were approved for clinical trials in China; three small molecular innovators and three adaptive disorders were licensed for clinical trials abroad: orin 1001 had been clinically orin 1001 in the United States and had been clinically tested in the United States.fda
Quick-track review certification; first country-generated drug-like anti-resistance fluid (Hanlyconne) was marketed in China, and two monoclon anti-body-like drugs (injecting curly toad beads, Adamim mono-resistance fluids) were processed and incorporated into the priority review process
The treatment programme carried out more than 20 clinical trials globally.
3.1. 10,000 State Medicines: marketing changes, integration of resources, emphasis on research and development, and 10 times more income from business
Insulin, Yotong (non-bubble), Epo, Van Supin (Gremice), Koji (calcium hydroxysulfate) and sodium hepatoline are among the top products in the country; Koi (new cotrimoxazole capsules), winner (western yellow capsules), thirsty glucose particles, shielded scabs are now unique.
Several products are sold over billions of dollars a year. In 2019, Hamphu medicine achieved business income of $5.352 billion (a 33.57 per cent increase in the same year), resulting in a net profit of $654 million (a 44.76 per cent increase in the same year).
According to the iqvia database, the sales of non-buttals (excellent) and python calcium tablets increased by 61% and 65%, respectively. In addition, the company’s other products, such as insulin products, yellow capsules, greme capsules, and other products, will be brought to the company.
The company ' s third generation of insulin products, such as recombinant glyclin, rhesin, and recombinant zinc, have all been in clinical trials in the iii phase and are expected to be marketed in 2020 or 2021, while the product ' s rapid release is expected to add a new impetus to the company ' s performance.
3.2. The lead biotech company is in the first echelon of biological analogues, which is an international, innovative biopharmaceutical company with products covering neoplasms, autoimmune diseases, etc. Since its establishment in 2010, the lead biotech company has built an integrated biopharmaceutical platform with efficient and innovative autonomous nuclear power.
The company has research and development centres in Shanghai, China, Taipei, and California, where production and quality control are conducted in accordance with international gmp standards, and the production base in Xu Dian, Shanghai, has been certified by China and the European Union.
Figure 18: The history of the development of the Han Han and Han Likang and over 25 years of experience in research and development, production, medicine and quality management
Postdoctoral research at the University of Purdou/Stanford in the United States.
He's been in the business for more than 25 years as Director General of Anjin District of China.
Vice-President of Ima Department, Yale University and Shandong University. Bachelor of Arts in Microbiology.
In 19 years, he was brought back to Hong Kong to be responsible for commercialization and market strategy, and in 19 years, he was placed in a diverse, high-quality product pipeline, covering more than 20 innovative monoclons.
Antibodies, and full promotion of co-therapy based on anti-pd-1 single antihlx10 oncology. To date, companies have successfully placed on the market the first bio-like drug, Han Litochon, and two products (hlx02 toads, hlx03 alms) have been accepted for listing in China for new drugs, with the expectation that they will be on the market this year and that 10 products will be synchronized.
In addition, the corporate joint business partner accord pushed hlx02 to submit a listing application to the European Drug Administration, and in May 2020 hlx02 was listed by the European Commission for Human Medicine Products of the European Drug Administration.
In July 2020, hlx-02 became the first country-generated product listed in the European Union.
R & D of immune therapy, including hlx10+hlx04 (pd-1+vegf (Belvestone Monobiotic Similaration), (pd-1+ Reassemble anti-egfr monoclonylated antibodies, late-stage physical tumours such as cervical stair cell cancer).
Cancer, the use of carpium-Itopone for the treatment of a wide range of untreated small cell lung cancers, the use of combined chemotherapy for the treatment of new assistive/supplementary stomach cancers and the use of carpium-protein violetol for first-line treatment of partially late-stage or transiental non-small cell lung cancers are in the clinical ii stage.
The role of joint therapy in oncological immunotherapy is becoming more and more evident. pd-(l)1 race-crowding, pd-(l)1 joint drug development is subject to the availability of another product, company-specific layouts of mono- and mono-resistant therapy, based on biological analogues unique to the Department of Public Health, as well as innovative products in the development of pipelines, and future distributions of joint drug use are expected to be achieved.
Chongqing Pharmacists, O-Rong Pharmacy Industries: The negative effects are slowly digesting and potential varieties are gaining ground. Chongqing Pharmacists are a conglomerates of api and formulation development, production and marketing, with a complete pharmaceutical industry chain, with a high priority for new technologies at the national level. In 2019, companies achieved operating revenues of 6,144 million, an increase of 7.14 per cent.
Net profit is 806 million, an increase of 14.35% over the same period. The company's core product is now glucose glyphs (Atomolan) . According to iqvia, in 2019, glucose glyph sales amounted to 1,187 million, an increase of 1% over the same period, and we believe that the sales of glyclops will remain stable for the next three years.
In 2019, the company ' s core product was supplied with dry milk (Eurtier, cardiovascular system medicine) as a result of transfers.
Health insurance catalogues, which are expected to show a decline in sales over the next 2-3 years. But with the rapid release of the build-up and start-up markets, and with the expansion of the health coverage, Shining is expected to achieve further market release. In 2020, Chongqing drug users submitted a roll-out request for sorafinis of benzulfonate based on four generics, and are expected to be approved in the third quarter. We estimate that new products will be released.
In 2019, the company achieved an operating income of 2,208 million, an increase of 22.98%.
The company’s core product, Odkin, will have a further decline in sales revenue as a result of the country’s blood meds in 2015. According to pdb, the revenue from sales in Odkin fell by 23.8 per cent and 17.7 per cent in 2018 and 2019 respectively.
The company's original research product, Long Toninzine (Pestate Equite Injection fluid) is the world's first new selective anti-choline drugs, a new type of drug in the country, used mainly for pre-aesthetic drugs and first aid treatment for organophosphate poisoning; the original research product, Buntinger, is ranked third in sales in the same market and is a well-known brand in the field of blood control drugs.
In 2019, the company acquired Long Tonin through the acquisition of Lyste Pharmaceuticals, while acquiring two invited months of Holgos, which were arranged around the range of the surgical period. We believe that the company may not be able to offset the negative impact of Odkin in the short term.
Glandpharma, established in 1978 and based in Hyderabad, India, is mainly involved in the development and production of small molecular injection generics, the first Indian manufacturer of injectable drugs approved by the United States of America, and the gmp certification of major regulatory markets around the world, mainly from the United States and Europe.
In 2019, a total of 15 generic pharmaceutical products were approved by the company. Two products (injection) were approved.
In 2019, glandpharma achieved an operating income of 2,507 million yuan, an increase of 31.05 per cent.
The net profit was $513 million, an increase of 81.10 per cent over the same period.
Through this ipo, the group hopes to raise more than 12.5 billion Indian roubles (approximately 1.25 billion yuan) in order to boost the core competitiveness of the group by further upgrading its equity integration strategy through capital operations.
Car-t cell immunotherapy (car-t-cell immunotherapy for embedded antigen receptor t) is one of the most recent emerging technologies in the field of oncology treatment, with more “precision”, more “flexible”, more “wider spectrum” and more “sustainable” than other oncology treatment methods, such as surgical removal, chemistry therapy, small molecular targeting, drugs, single antidrugs and stem cell transplants.
Three car-t-cell immunotherapy products have now been marketed globally: Kymriahtm in Novara, yescarta in Kitpharma, and tecardus. According to the financial reports published by Novatris and Gillead, the global sales in 2019 were approximately $278 million and $456 million in Yescarta, respectively.
Car-t cell injection fluids have completed clinical trials for the treatment of recyclable lymphoma in adults in China and were incorporated into the drug listing priority review process in March 2020. In 2019, in collaboration with Reneuron, the global leader in cell therapy, introduced a retinal film for post-menopausal disabilities and retinals.
The cytological treatment product for chromosomal variability, which promotes the creation of stem cell platforms; the exclusive clinical development and commercial product survaxm, which is authorized by mimivax, further enriches the product lines. 4. Medical devices and diagnostics are growing steadily, and medical equipment will become a new income growth point.
Operating robots and diagnostic, diagnostic and test agents became the core drivers of net profit growth in the group. In 2019, the group medical instruments and diagnostics achieved operating income of 3,736 million yuan, an increase of 2.66 per cent from 2018; operating income increased by 28.5 per cent from the same calibre in 2018, considering the “Da Vinci surgical robot” agent.
The net profit increase over the same year was mainly due to: (i) the combined desk, mainland China and Hong Kong, with over 40,000 surgeries; and (ii) the Hpv diagnostic reagent, the thalassaemia gene test.
fda and the National Drug and Monitoring Service (NDA) licensed microartoscope surgery robotic products, leading the industry. In 2019, Hpv diagnostic reagents and thalassaemia genometric tester revenues were both growing faster than in 2018; A fully automated chemical luminous instrumentation platform developed autonomously was marketed and 31 related reagents accumulated.
The diagnostic product glycotest (hepatic cancer diagnosis) has entered the stage of product registration. 4.2. Reinforcing technology: the high growth of the North American market, the steady growth of medical/micro-inventive devices.
Step by step to strengthen research and development on new products, especially micro-medical containers, and to expand product lines to the clinical field. In 2019, four products of sisram, including sopranotitanium and colibri, were certified by the European Union. Sopranotitanium is the most advanced laser displacing in the current global market.
One of the stations, colibri, designed for non-surgery eye morphology and wrinkled wrinkled, was also very popular in the market. US$ 10,000, an increase of 12.73 per cent and 0.48 per cent, respectively, compared to 2018 (based on the sisram financial report).
Figure 24: Disaggregated medical operations (in millions of United States dollars) North America and Europe remain the most important marketing areas for recovery medical science and technology, with a 28.2 per cent increase in the North American market, or 27.4 per cent, and a 3.8 per cent increase in the European market, or 2.3 per cent decrease in the ratio.
240.6% long, mainly the newly acquired Israeli distributor Novamedical, has achieved distribution of products. Medical beauty continues to be the company’s dominant business, declining as a result of growth in other businesses. Living beauty income has fallen slightly, and medical beauty and services have grown by more than 16%.
5. Epidemic + plate expansion, and the future slow progress of the health services sector: Ministry performance of $327 million, or 8.67 per cent more than in 2018; branch profit of $1,559 million, or 1.351 billion more than in 2018; branch profit increases significantly, leading the group to sell hh in 2019 (the main asset is the Arsenal Hospital).
For reasons such as profit contributions from equity transactions, excluding one-off factors, branch profits of 200 million yuan, a decrease of 22.67 per cent from 2018, mainly due to the fact that the new operating hospitals and clinics are still in the pre-exploitation period and the increase in operating costs, figure 25: Group medical service industry layout (in thousands of yuan)
In 2019, the Great Pearl Triangle, the Long Triangle and the Para-Maritime Economic Zone were the focus areas for medical services, forming a strategic layout of medical services that combine specialized and integrated hospitals.
The health services controlled by the group include, among others, the Shan City Hospital, the Shenzhen Hengsheng Hospital, the Cebu Chung Hospital, the Wenzhou Geriatric Hospital, the Yooyang Guangji Hospital, the Anhui Chi People ' s Hospital, Wu Hanzi and the Hospital, the Joo Hae Jinchen Hospital, the Xiao An Xinghua Hospital and the Ho Hoi City Rehabilitation Hospital, where 4,328 beds have been approved. In 2019, the number of emergency cases at these facilities was increased.
The total increased by 13 per cent, the number of discharges from hospitals by more than 19 per cent, and the number of surgical operations by 14 per cent. 6. Distribution and circulation of medicines and medicines in the country and steady growth in the return on investment.
The Unit's National Drug Control Unit continued to accelerate and integrate the industry, build strong pharmaceutical distribution and retail networks, and vigorously develop the instrumentation score.
On March 13, 2020, a company-owned company, the company-owned pharmaceutical industry, signed a licence agreement with the biontech industry, which authorized the company-owned pharmaceutical industry to develop exclusively and commercialize its own mrna technology platform in the region.
In the case of vaccine products developed for covid-19, the restar pharmaceutical industry will pay a licence fee of up to $85 million to the Biontech and 35% of the annual Māori of the product for the agreed period of the agreed period. At the same time, the company-owned subsidiary has signed a Binding Clause with the Biontech.
Star Business proposes to purchase an additional 1.580.777 shares of the common stock of Biontech at a price of $31.63/equity, for an estimated $50 million. The target share is expected to be about 0.7% of the total expanded stock of Biontech. On 27 July 2020, Pfizer/Biontech's new crown vaccine launched a two-thirds clinical study.
Early data from 1/2 of the United States clinical study of bnt162b1 show that, after receiving two doses of vaccination, the new coronary virus in volunteers receiving 10 and 30 μg doses of vaccine reached 1.8 and 2.8 times the level of serum among recovering patients, respectively.
Pharmaceutical manufacturing and R & D: We believe that the analysis of investments in re-Starry medicine needs to focus on the future growth of major controlling subsidiaries, identifying the core drivers of corporate income or net profit, and, secondly, the core control, the certainty of the growth of the performance of stock companies. Through research, in 2019, Jiangsuwan, 24.81%, Chongqing.
Pharmacists (28.23%), Othong (10.15%), Glandpharma (11.52%) together earn about 75% of the group's pharmaceutical business. And with the approval of the company's subsidiary, the Xanax Han Likang, and this year's song, the Tutu Ju and Adam Moi antibiotic analogues will soon be approved, and we believe that the Quan Han will become the group's new business.
Performance growth catalysts. Thus, by analysing the certainty of the growth of the above-mentioned companies, it is possible to estimate the future growth of the company's pharmaceutical manufacturing and R & D performance; assuming that the future growth of the company's business will not be separated by the company's medical instruments and diagnostic reagents: we believe that the company's medical equipment and diagnostics are comparable to pharmaceutical manufacturing and R & D operations.
In terms of business income growth has slowed, mainly because of the sale of agents and diagnostic reagents for da Vinci's surgical robots. The group relies more on the introduction of agency models, which create instability for future corporate performance.
Medical service plate: The group was affected by the epidemic, and this year there was a high degree of uncertainty about the growth of the medical service plate. In 2019, the group health service profit increased significantly, mainly because it was sold this year (principally for hh).
For reasons such as the contribution to the profits from the stock exchange produced by the Antagonist Hospital, excluding the one-off factors, branch profits decreased by 22.67% from 2018, mainly due to losses in the period before the opening of new hospitals and clinics and higher operating costs. In our view, short-term company profits cannot increase significantly.
Long, but with the future synergetic layout of the national strategy and the company, the growth of the medical service sector will be determined by the distribution and circulation of medicines: group medicine distribution and circulation operations achieve net profit revenue through the holding country drug group, and are reflected in the investment returns in the financial statements without the operating income projection.
8.2. Comparable corporate valuation methods Group 1, innovation products entering the commercialization cycle, internationalization process is clearly accelerating, with some of the products benefiting from consistent evaluation and greater flexibility resulting from access to health insurance;
Clinical needs, greater market space in the long term for car-t, new crown vaccines, medical equipment, medical services, etc. 9.1. Group product sales are less than expected.
As the supply-side reforms move forward, the market share and profit margins of generic products will be further pressurized.
In terms of innovative medicines, many generic pharmaceutical companies have sought to transform as a result of a sharp reduction in the volume of the generic drug market. With China’s accession to the ich (International Coordination Conference on Technical Requirements for Registration of Human Medicines) and the in-country drug review and approval system, more innovative drugs will be marketed more rapidly, and competition within home-grown innovation companies will become more intense.
There is also a competitive pressure from international pharmaceutical companies. The negotiation catalogue of drugs, mainly for innovative drugs, is tending to reduce significantly the pace of incorporation of new products on the market, and limits on the pricing of innovative pharmaceutical products are being increased.
Medicines are subject to pre-clinical research, clinical trials, registration, licensing, etc., from R & D to market, characterized by large inputs, multiple cycles, long cycles, high risks and vulnerability to unpredictable factors. In addition, medicines are subject to advances in R & D and directions that are not consistent with future market demand, or increased competition when new drugs are marketed.
Unsatisfactory marketing may affect the recovery of prior-period inputs and the realization of economic benefits, thereby adversely affecting the profitability and development of the group. Drugs, medical devices and diagnostic products are a special commodity, given the large number of enterprises and their wide geographical spread.
There may still be a risk of failure to comply with national laws and regulations by the relevant operators in the course of the group’s actual operations, for various reasons, such as mismanagement.
Medical services may be exposed to medical accidents or disputes, including medical complaints and disputes arising from surgical errors, medical errors, treatment and detection of equipment accidents.
In 2019, the pharmaceutical industry experienced six trade frictions, covering anti-dumping, countervailing, safeguards and US 337 investigations, involving the country's western medicine, medical equipment and healthy nutrition products.
The potential adverse impact of American trade friction on our investment and technical cooperation in the field of American medicine requires close attention.