The q3 concentration towers affect the operational day, waiting for the season's elastic release of transport and shipping ports, and the third quarter of 2023, with a steady improvement in the performance of the single quarter.
q4 is expected to pick up significantly in the first quarter of the year. Saudi Arabia and Russia voluntarily reduced production by 1 million barrels per year on the basis of OEC+ existing production reduction agreements and 300,000 barrels per year, respectively.
On a day, during the traditional light seasons of the supermix industry, the overall demand for oil was weak, with the average tce per day on the 52nd week td3c route being less than $20,000 per day, according to the wavegate data, and the merchant ship was contracted to concentrate on vlcc in July-September.
The drying and loading of the devulcanized towers led to a double profit on the oil tanker plate, with a gross gain of only $723 million and a net profit of $533 million in a single quarter. Outlook q4, with a two-fold recovery in prices and turnover since October, is expected to repair the q4 industry, with elasticity in the season.
It is to be hoped that, given the return of q4 capacity and the expected greater economic advantage after loading the tower, q4 will be expected to grow more than it is expected. The dry bulk transport ring will be slightly lower, and q4 will be expected to move better when China’s capital returns.
The average freight price of the bdi index q1/q2/q3 was 1011/1313194, a decline of 100 million yuan and a decline of 18.8 per cent in the ring, respectively, but since October, with the issuance of China ' s special national debt, there has been a marked recovery in freight prices, which is expected to boost the global demand for bulk shipping significantly in the wake of the recovery in China ' s capital investment.
Merchant Shipping (601872.sh) - Merchant Shipping elasticity is beginning to show, and performance is expected to continue to increase, with a high return on board and a sharp increase in volume performance. By the end of the third quarter, merchant ships had opened China's routes to South-East Asia and the Middle East, with some taking advantage of both domestic and foreign trade and foreign trade routes.
Merchant ship (601872.sh) - 22 years ' net profit exceeded $5 billion, 23 years ' spread of oil, 50 per cent of the roller capacity, five 2000-4900 class-loaders in foreign trade, Merchant ship (601872.sh) - Integrated shipping service provider, oil spill and nuclear reserve ready
During the reporting period, the average single-day profit achieved was over $50,000. Net profit achieved in the third quarter alone was $91 million. In ng operations increased steadily, and a more pronounced decline in the volume of shipments. Merchant ship lang operations received stable revenues and were not significantly affected by changes in the external environment, resulting in net profit achieved in the third quarter of the year of $179 million, with the ring rising.
5.9 per cent net profit from container blocks of 175 million yuan and a 30 per cent decline in the ring margin. Investment proposal: maintain profit forecasts and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Merchant shipships are the flagships of oil-dispersed integrated carriers, ageing ships globally, and steady global entry repairs.
In the context of a return track, the company’s performance is expected to enter a “growth phase.” We believe that the demand for q4 Euro-Americans is more rigid, that the demand for oil is expected to rise significantly, and that the issuance of China’s special national debt is expected to bring about a marked improvement in the demand for global distribution, and that the company q4 is expected to rise to the oil spill and maintain a profit forecast.
Merchant ship sales in the third quarter of 2023 showed a steady improvement in performance in the single quarter. In the first three quarters of the month, merchant ship sales now amounted to $19.23 billion, a decrease of 11.85 per cent in the same year, resulting in a net return profit of $3.758 billion to the mother, compared to figure 1: Merchant ship sales revenue and speed increases.
Figure 2: Net profit and increase in the return of merchant ships to the mother, Figure 3: Quarterly operating income and increase in the return of merchant ships to the mother, Figure 4: Quarterly net profit and increase in the return of merchant ships to the mother
The single-quarter performance of the tanker transport plate is weak, and q4 is expected to pick up significantly. In the third quarter, Saudi Arabia and Russia voluntarily reduced production by 1 million barrels per month and 300,000 barrels per day, respectively, on the basis of the previous production reduction agreement for Opec+.
Average tce was less than $20,000 per day, and commercial ships were hired to concentrate on the Vlcc in July/September for the drying and loading of the sulfur towers, which led to a double profit on the oil plate, reaching only $723 million in a single quarter and a net profit of $533 million.
The q4 sector is expected to recover, the q4 sector is expected to recover, and the season elasticity is still expected, and, given the return of the q4 company, and the expected economic advantage is expected to be more pronounced after the towers, the q4 performance ring is expected to grow considerably. The dry bulk transport ring is expected to rise slightly, and q4 is expected to recover from China’s capital investment.
The performance was weaker than last year, with merchant ships using flexible strategies such as phased charters and forward locking, which resulted in average daily tce winning the market, net profit of q3 of $211 million and a 18.8 per cent decline in the ring, but since October, with the issuance of China ' s special national debt, prices have recovered significantly, such as the subsequent Chinese capital investment capacity.
By the end of the third quarter, merchant ships were called upon to open China’s routes to South-East Asia and the Middle East, with some taking advantage of both domestic and foreign trade and moving the foreign trade routes.
With 50 per cent of the roller capacity, five 2000-4900 vehicle-class rollers into foreign trade, the average daily profit achieved during the reporting period was more than $50,000 for tce and $91 million for three quarters alone. In ng, there was a steady increase in operations and a marked decline in shipping.
Under the influence of changes in the external environment, net profits of 179 million yuan were realized in the third quarter, with a 5.9 per cent increase in the ring ratio; and net profits of 175 million yuan were realized in the container block, with a 30 per cent decline in the ring margin.
The company’s performance is expected to enter a “growth phase” in the context of the global ageing of ships and their global entry into a stable repair trajectory. We believe that the demand for q4 Euro-American heating is more rigid, that the demand for oil is expected to rise significantly than the demand for oil, and that the issuance of China’s special national debt is expected to bring about a marked improvement in the demand for global transport.
Company q4 is expected to experience oil spill resonance, maintain profit forecasts, expect to double net profits for 2023-2025, and maintain a “buy-in” rating! Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author