Merchant ship, o3 drops in light-season performance, and the aggregate continues to weigh on the company as a whole.
Weaknesses result in the company’s overall performance being lower than expected by the market. Sub-operations show a net profit of 2,347 million yuan in oil operations, a significant gain compared to the same period last year, with net profits in bulk/collective/rolling operations of $566.637.17 million, or 2.22 per cent, respectively. This year, the company’s oil operations contributed significantly to the growth of its performance in the case of dry and bulk-carrying companies.
Oec+red-cum-q3 oils in the light season, with the owner’s central yard repair and loading of the devulcanized towers affecting the performance of the oil transport. The Division’s three-quarter single-season tanker operation achieved Mār 23 million, net profit of $533 million, and ring-by-season 2
The decline in the round of performance, on the one hand, was due to an additional voluntary production reduction of 1 million barrels per year and 300,000 barrels per day, respectively, by q3 Saudi Arabia and Russia, based on the previous agreement to reduce production, and the announcement in early September of an extension of the additional cut to the end of the year, which directly resulted in a significant contraction in the volume of vlcc Middle East market and a weakening of the spot market, among other things.
td3c gradually fell from ws58 at the beginning of July to near the bottom of ws36 in mid-September. On the other hand, the company’s July-September vlcc concentrated on the drying and loading of the sulfur towers, affecting the three-quarter effective operating days, while operating costs increased and freight rates continued to drop, resulting in a marked decline in the q3 oil ring performance ratio.
In the first three quarters of the company's operations, it achieved revenue of $314 million for a single-season bulk fleet, with a net profit of $211 million. In the area of shipping, the demand has weakened and the delivery of new ships has been compounded by insufficient incentives to increase the price of the main line during the season, compared with the average value of the previous three quarters of ccfi.
A 69.48% decline and a marked decline in the profitability of the company’s fleet. Looking to the city, 04 entered the oil season, the medium- and long-term freight hub is expected to rise, and the demand for fuel-recovery-driven transport is rising up.
The firmness of the post-city confidence, using the low season and market concentration to repair and load the sulfur towers, partially hedged the supply pressure, the lease market became more active in September, the price of the deal rose and the highest three-year lease deal since 2008, and the second-hand ship and the new ship market continued to be strong or uplifted.
The impact of the low spot market, q4 entering the traditional oil season, and the medium- and long-term situation where new orders are still limited, is expected to rise at a price of 6 November 2023, and the oil pipeline is expected to rise. Irrigation is slow to recover this year and demand is weak.
Merchant Ship 2023008 Watching the company's future elastic oil operations, but due to the low performance of bulk shipping, we adjusted the previous release of Merchant Ship 20230406.
Silver and Chinese International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations Oil transport requirements are lower than expected, fuel prices are significantly higher, and bulk and aggregate requirements are lower than expected.
Transport: shipping ports