Product upgrades + improved client structure, re-opening of traffic lights 14/08/2023 Autonomous car lights with a steady increase in city occupancy. Since its establishment in 1993, the company has been focusing on cars.
The \triangleright lamp industry is currently the leading manufacturer and design provider of automobile lamps in the country.
The company, as the country’s first market-based car-lighting company, seized the opportunity to speed up Led’s penetration with a wealth of products and experience, and its market share rose from 6% in 2018 to 14% in 2021. As smart car-light applications accelerate, the company’s market share is expected to rise steadily.
The product is constantly upgraded, and the industrial chain is being integrated. From a light-source technical point of view, the lamp is upgraded by a halogen light-thin gas light-led-laser lamp with a asp from $400 to $800 to more than $1,000,000; from a functional point of view, the lamp is upgraded by afs-adb-dlp, with a asp from $2,000.
The company's forward-looking smart-car lights have been developed as early as 2014, moving the product from afs to smarts like adb, old, dlp, s010521100005.
With the accelerated landing of the city's noa, and the development of a smart assisted driver's high-precision mapification, the penetration of the front lights is expected to accelerate. At the same time, companies are actively promoting the integrated layout of the industrial chain, investing in upstream modelling.
According to company announcements, the 2020h1 module plus electronic components, among others, account for 41% of the cost of raw materials, and the integrated layout of the supply chain is conducive to maximizing the company’s cost advantages and further safeguarding the company’s profitability. Client structures continue to improve, and the global layout accelerates.
\triangleright 1. Starwoo shares (601799.sh) in the Tri-quarter 2022 newspaper Chir's car, which received 53.5% of the total in 2007.
Performance point rating: 22q3 performances met expectations, with globalization helping 24.5 per cent of the top clients, and 30.08 per cent of the top five clients of the company; 2020h1, with the top five clients of the company being a single-breeding public/one-air Toyota/Chire/Red Flag/East Wind Nitrogen, 39 per 11 per cent/7 per cent/6.2 per cent per day, respectively
A review of the 22q2 Māori ratio has improved, with a multilateral drive of 56%. In the midst of the power wave, companies have actively promoted the expansion of new energy customers and have entered the new power, Qui Li, and Hua's IQD supply chain.
With its excellent intellectual experience, the car is expected to be rapidly released, while China is aiming to speed up the deployment of its smart car products and hit the 2026 target of millions of vehicles. The company’s own new energy customers are expected to be at a high-volume drop point, and its client structure is constantly improving. With regard to overseas layouts, companies have established subsidiaries in Europe, Japan, etc., and have established subsidiaries in Sylvie.
The Serbian plant was successfully launched in 2022q4 and will in the future rely on a geographical advantage plus a labour cost advantage to irradiate the European mainframe plant and upgrade the foreign branding ratio in the customer structure.
As companies actively promote new and autonomous energy customers and new and dynamic customers expand, it is expected that new energy release key nodes will be reached and “recommended” ratings will be maintained. \triangleright
One autonomous headlight, ten more vehicles in the field of deep-farming lights, 1.1 deep-farming lights industry, forward-looking layouts for growth, dozens of deep-farming lights, intelligent layouts for the 2.0 era.
The design and development capabilities of the country’s accredited laboratories, such as car-light products, car-light electronics, engineering machines, and modeling, form a complete autonomous R & D system. After 29 years of market and technological accumulation, the company is a leading company in the domestic area of car-light collars.
The growth process has been divided into three main stages: 1) the initial stage of development (1993-2010) - the start-up of the street light business and the accumulation of experience in the industry: in 1993, the company established the Starbucks Lighting Plant in Wujin County, formerly in the company, and the main vehicle lamp development, design, manufacture and marketing;
In 2006, the company took over from the national torch programme, the Led CarLight Industrial Research Project, to build up experience in product development, with the main clients being North Volvo Fukuda, Chirí, Toyota, etc.
In 2011, the company was listed as the country ' s first company to be listed; in 2014, the company successfully developed afs, followed by a supply chain system based in bba and Wire; in 2016, it established a subsidiary, Starwoo Science and Technology, a forward-looking smart-car light, and in 2017, the company ' s first generation and second-generation adb front-lights were successfully developed.
3) Accelerating development (2019-to-date) - With intelligent east wind, the expansion of capacity enters the harvest period: In response to the wave of car intelligence, the company actively cooperated in outreach. In 2023, a strategy was agreed with the horizon to support the production of "car chip plus algorithm" intelligence; and in collaboration with one-size-fits-all technology, the production of laser radars was boosted.
Land. At the end of the industry, the domestic automobile electronics and lighting research and development centre has been partially operational, and the intelligent manufacturing industry has successfully advanced in five phases; overseas, Serbian factories have been successfully built and launched in December 2022 in a project from the European mainframe, and future technological upgrades and build-up can release promising industries that will help companies to continue to win.
Equity is stable and concentrated. As of July 2023, the company actually controls Ms. Xiaoping, directly holds 35.89% of the company ' s shares, indirectly controls 3.71% of the company ' s shares through the control of the SONG investment; the second largest share is 12.22% of the stock directly held by Ms. Xiaoping ' s father and indirectly controlled through the participation in the SONG investment.
The company focuses on the design, development, manufacture and sale of car lamps, which are one of the country's leading manufacturers and design programme providers.
Corporate headlamps have been at more than 85% since 2011. Companies have been rich in headlights, mainly car front lights, post-combined lights, fog lights, day-time street lights, indoor lights, atmosphere lights, and so on.
Serbia, with a wide area of coverage, is conducive to providing high-quality services to clients and enhancing household cohesion through geographical advantages; it is also able to integrate locally, introducing new and incremental customers to companies, and enriching the resources of clients.
The clients include European, Japanese, American, Chinese, and Chinese companies with autonomous brands that include, inter alia, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man.
Beijing Mercedes, Demler, Germany, Volkswagen, German BMW, German Audi, French psa, General Motors, Toyota one, Hiroshima, Hiro Honda, East Fung Yeo-ju, East Fung Hinta, East Fung Renault, Chang Anjuda, Majuta, Japan, red flag, car, Gilly, Gilly, Gilly Volvo, Upper General Mitsubishi, Dragon.
Cars, cars, cars, Chirres, Chirity Leopards, ideal cars, and so on. Currently, companies are actively promoting new energy customers and have moved into a number of autonomous new energy brands and mainstream new power supply chain systems. 1.2 product structures have been upgraded, turning points have come.
Client structural transformation, short-term pressure on performance. The company is now at a key node for client structural transformation, affected by the decline in corporate brand sales, with short-term pressure on performance. 23q1 achieved operating income of $1.923 billion, short-term Māori rates have declined slightly, and product upgrading is expected to lead to a steady recovery in profitability. 2023q1
Prices of prices and sales to customers are not as high as expected. The sub-project looks at the volume of high-value products such as company car lamps and three adb/dlp/afs in 2022 and the steady transformation of client structures, and the company ' s Māori ratio is expected to gradually return to historical steady-state levels.
Figure 6: Māori rate versus net interest rate (NPE) The raw materials are relatively high, and the layout model & car electronics are more competitive in core. The original material costs are higher in cost structure, at 80-85%. The breakdown is from 2017 to 2020h1.
From 17.09/12.43 per cent of the cost of raw materials, the share of the electronics and carlights in raw materials has been rapidly upgraded to the construction of the plant, leading to an extension up the chain of the lamp industry, a reduction in the proportion of foreign-collateral processing, and a continuous increase in their own earnings, figure 8: the ratio of costs by category
Intelligent driving research and development (infrared imaging, image recognition, etc.), vehicle-borne wireless charging, head-up display, sensor technology and intelligent production lines, etc.
Corporate operations are stable, and the cost rate has stabilized over time. 2023q1 company sales/management/financial high-end talent, with increases in employee remuneration leading to higher overhead rates. Figure 10: Changes in cost rates by category
Technology R & D, dlp smart headlamps based on dmd technology, hd smart headlamps based on microlled technology, pixel display interactive lamps based on microlled/miniled technology, development of carlight controllers hcm/rcm/lcu, etc., strong R & D capacity supports product upgrading and continuous development of companies.
Trends in industry 2: smartness is accelerating penetration and industry patterns are expected to reshape the 2.1 traffic light industry: changes in the route of the technology can be analysed from both light-source technologies and traffic-light functions. From light-source sources, changes in light technology can be analysed separately.
From a point of view, car lamps are upgraded in step along the shift route of the halogen-Henon gas light-led-laser lamp. In the process of upgrading, vehicle lamps are able to increase in parameters, in terms of light intensity, increased life expectancy and reduced energy consumption. At the technical functional level, they are transformed from traditional lighting devices into smart lights, full of smart ones.
There are multiple attributes of interaction, design, etc. The iterative progress of the light source will lead to a further increase in the value of the bicycle. Previously, for example, under the technology path of "halogen-enultane-led-adb-dlp" the approximate average price change path of the vehicle value was "400"
RMB-$800-$4000-$4000-plus." In terms of the dimensions of the value, the lights track has the advantage of a high-value starting point, a high-speed growth rate, and a high potential for subsequent development in car parts. In the traditional car parts track, only the average value of the engine output, such as the engine transmission box, is higher than the current mainstream.
The rest of the seating parts, the engine system, the tires, the glass, etc. are lower than the headlights. At the point of performance of the headlights, the previous halogen light source was considered to be about 1350 fluorescence, characterized by strong radiation, high heat, and low seismic resistance.
Left, but with a strong UV radiation, a high heat and a high mass. Led light light can reach over 5,000 streams, solves the core problem of high radiation heat by dispersing the heat through the lamp group, with low seismic and low-quality characteristics, increases the speed of response to the lamp and gives greater design flexibility to the lamp.
With the rapid development of new energy smart cars, car lamps as part of automobiles will meet the intellectual demands of car scenery through continuous technological innovation. In the larger context of technological and performance upgrading, the penetration rate of car lights has continued to increase.
According to the change in led penetration rate, the LED penetration rate has increased at different stages in the three disaggregated areas of tail, interior and front lights. The most significant increase in the LED penetration rate was from 20.23% in 2017. The LED penetration rate is expected to increase further.
In 2017, 85.62 per cent gradually increased to 90.62 per cent in 2022, with a moderate increase. The taillight led infiltrated the front-light upgrade route 2.1.1: afs-adb-dlp-mafs.
The front lights have gradually evolved from traditional lighting to smart car lamps, with technological upgrades, and are now mainly based on three technical routes, mechanical, matrix, and pixel. Several luminous units are made up of imaging lighting effects similar to images.
Mechanical important applications - afs, the auto adaptive front-lighting system (adaptive front-lighting system): capable of providing a rotational adjustment that rotates from a steering wheel angle, projectes an effective beam onto a front road that the driver needs to see, helping to reduce safety risks.
Regulates to adjust the horizontal height of the headlights to different loads and slope environments based on the load axle sensor signal. Figure 15: afs from the working pattern of the front light system; Figure 16: afs from the working principles of the front light system
Figure 18: Afs Horizontal Altitude Effect from Afs Work Features of Pre-According Light System Figure 17: Afs Rotation Diagram
Under mechanical afs, cars are easily dazzling, based on the birth of adb, which is to adapt to the distant light system (adaptiveddrivingbeamsystem), to upgrade the functionality of the car lamp compared to afs, to replace the thorium light with a led light, to start faster and to light longer.
The location and distance of the opposite vehicle is determined and the light-to-light direction of the opposite vehicle area is automatically adjusted to close or dim the opposite vehicle area, thereby reducing the light-to-surface vehicle's presence while maximizing the driver's vision and enhancing the safety of the night-to-night vehicle.
The technical routes achieved by adb are mechanical, matrix and pixel, which have the disadvantages of responding to slow, loud and poor performance; while pixels can achieve a million pixel levels, the core dmd chip is a Texas instrument exclusive ip, with a low supply and high cost problem.
The technical route has achieved a better balance between performance and cost. Figure 20: working principles for the matrix of a matrix of lamps, about 9% of the country’s pre-light penetration rate (as measured by a matrixed lamp caliber) in 2022.
In 2022, the penetration rate was 12.14 per cent, 10.76 per cent, 1.96 per cent, and 6.22 per cent respectively, while the penetration rate was higher in Central and European cars. From the energy point of view, the penetration rate for new energy vehicles was 12.2 per cent and for non-new energy vehicles 7.84 per cent.
Adb has a higher penetration rate in new energy vehicles. The value of the adb system is now around $4,000, so, in price range, the 200,000 to 300,000 market adb penetration leads up to 24.87 per cent of the other price range. Overall, the price of 200,000 and above is higher than the penetration rate of less than 200,000 adb.
Intelligent driving lanes are now entering a critical experiential upgrading cycle, and once basic functions are down, lighting aids are important for different complex scenarios, in addition to upgrading the capabilities of sensors and algorithm models.
+adb+afs) can be used to help forward adas cameras expand their horizons in the nighttime setting, increase the intensity of light in a given region to increase the visibility of cameras, and the combination of the lights and the adas system to follow up on the high levels of driving technology and further improvements in the intelligence of the lights will be crucial.
Intelligent driving is moving towards high-precision mapatization, and the penetration rate of the pre-light adb is expected to increase further in the future.
Figure 23: Infiltration rates of adb by energy type, Figure 24: Infiltration rates of adb by price range, as automobile intelligence increases, the need for pixels and interactive features of car lamps increases gradually, and traffic lamps are in pixel mode
The headlights have been upgraded, and the current main pixels are dlp and microll, both of which are pixelization through light modem devices. dlp (digitallightprocessing) or digital light processing technology is based on ti (Texe) instruments in the United States.
The digital microscope component dmd (digitalmicromirorordevece) developed by the company completed visualization by word information showing that the required light was spread through microscope devices, while absorbing unwanted light through the light absorber The current image was projected in the light direction of the image by controlling the microscopic angle with electrostatic effects.
High resolution makes it possible not only to achieve the functions of a matrix lamp, but also to achieve a variety of personalized lighting patterns through the programming power provided by the supplier, such as a smart l7 dlp lamp that can perform such functions as spotlight, light blankets, projective zebra wires, and a high-concorded dlp lamp that can achieve low-speed transition to aid, blind zone transvestition police.
Figure 25: Dlp Component Structure, Figure 26: dmd Structure
Figure 27: Audia 8dlp light structure with lower penetration rate of dlp compared to adb, with less than 1% penetration of the domestic pre-dlp in 2022, which is now mainly in the middle car with dlp, with few others; currently in energy type
Almost all of them come from new energy vehicle configurations; the dlp system currently has a single vehicle value of $18,000 to $200, to the right, so the price of the dlp is almost 400,000 or more high-end vehicles, depending on the price range.
Figure 30: Divisional dlp penetration rate, Figure 31: Different energy types dlp penetration rate, Figure 32: Different price zones dlp penetration rate
The Miafs (microlled) technology is based on a new spontaneous light display of micro-luminous diodes (led), which usually have a dimension of less than 100 μm, and which pre-integrated the matrix in the silicon lining of the chip.
The microstructures of the micro-structures of the microscopic microscopic microscopic microscopic microscopic microscopic microscopic microscopic microscopic microscopic microscopic microscopic microscopic microscopic microscopic microscopic microscopic microscopic microscopic microscopic microscopic microscopic microscopic microscopic microscopic microscopic microscopic microscopic microscopic microscopic microscopic microscopic microscopic microscopics.
There is no need for filters and liquid crystals, precisely because the technical features are completely different from those of past lcd displays, which will bring about a new revolution in the lcd industry. But there are still many difficulties that need to be addressed, such as the pre-period crystallization bottlenecks, the masstransfer rate, the encapsulation test, and the follow-up.
Monitoring, maintenance and repair are major challenges affecting the ability of microled to produce in quantities.
2.1.2 The trail of the taillights: from led to led, from separation to cutting through, the path of the taillights is in both dimensions of the light source and form. The alternate path of the light sources is: halogens-led-led. The rear tail lights of the cars are still in the mainstream, and they are applied to a few high-ends.
In the form of BMW, Audi's high-end vehicles. Separated taillights are gradually replaced by cross-cutting taillights. The light source step: led-oled. Led technology entered the auto industry at the end of the last century, bringing more feasibility to car lighting and improving safety and stability. Led compared to halogen bulbs.
Energy efficiency is better and less costly. But, as a light source, Led still has its limitations, such as its light, which is better penetrating, but for pedestrians and other car crews, it also has a twitching and twitching effect. This new technology can find a better balance between lighting, lighting, and safety.
Figure 35: The main difference between a vehicle carrying an oled effect led and an oled is the addition of an organic luminium (organic). The organic material of the oled device is very thin (generally less than 500nm), so that the oled device can be very light; the oled device can be made very light;
The shape of the product depends on the shape of the base plate, which is unique in terms of transparency, bend, etc., which is available on different floors; The graphicization of the oled screen is done using photo-magnification techniques, and any graphic and quantitative design can be achieved by mask design on a piece of oled screen. Transparency, light and softness is currently better than led.
The characteristic properties are clear. At the same time, the oed spectrum does not contain ultraviolet or infrared radiation or blue light hazards; in the long term, the light is 40,000 hours bright, the surface temperature of the light is still less than 36°C, and the skin is safe to touch; it is a friendly light source close to natural light, which is good for human health.
Figure 36: Structure of the device of the instrument of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland: Figure 38: Paper as thin as paper The size of the Chinese taillight market in recent years is expected to expand faster than the global average due to the growth of the device of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
This is high and short-lived, and we still have a lot of Led-type taillights, a high-end car is the main force behind the lights, and a red flag is the country’s first-ever taillight.
The lights are not limited to functional requirements, but are also more and more focused on design sense and recognition. The taillights are designed from two-sided steps to a cross-sectional taillight, using the area to the maximum extent possible. The cross-cutting taillights can control more different sources of light, perform a variety of functions, such as broad lights, brake lamps, lights, etc., and are technologically optimized.
The led beads light up the speed of response instantaneously. By using a cross-cutting design, the taillights are given multiple functions, increasing the security of the line and significantly increasing the diversity of internal and external communication.
In recent years, cross-cutting taillights have become a common choice. Bialdi's series of new models have been used for cross-cutting taillights: Sea SEAL, Frigate 05, Geometric Point; Qin, Dragon Claw Scarlet, and so on. New power brands like m5 Eagle Wingtails, Deep Blue Sl03, Star Flames, etc.
Aveta 11, "Girl Circus Light" and so on. 2.1.3 Accelerator lamps: Personalized applications, intelligent interactive functions. Accelerator lamps recreate second private spaces. With car personalization innovations, an atmosphere lights are no longer simple anymore.
A car, as a second private space for people, not only gives drivers and passengers a pleasant ride, but also enhances the user's sense of participation and belonging through personal customization, emotional contact and intelligent interaction, becoming a key window for human interaction. It is manifested through monochrome, multicolour, music, breathing, etc.
The atmosphere lights are also about to become intelligent partners in the cabin, creating intelligent, personalized driving experiences for passengers. For example, drivers can use apps, voice, gestures, touch controls to control the lights, and even the atmosphere lights can combine music, temperature with driving moods. Different weather, travel scenes, etc.
Shows different lighting effects, e.g. in the context of family travel, couples travel, friends travel, individuals travel, meetings travel, etc. The color of the fluorescent lights is mainly regulated by the rgbled controller. The current climate light technology is already in the traditional way.
Rgb is upgraded to smartrgb. Not only is the production cost of multi-colour climate lamps reduced, the speed of transmission increased, but the light and brightness of the current effects also significantly increased. Starting in the second half of 2017, the number of single-colour atmosphere lamps marked by major mainframe plants was 36%, followed by 64 colours.
The seven colours, the 11 colours, are 13%, 8%, and 6% respectively. The atmosphere lights are now gradually permeating to low- and medium-end vehicles, and the type of vehicle that is low to about $150,000 is also equipped with an atmosphere light, such as a collar 03pro.
Auxiliary and safety upgrades during vehicle traffic. Figure 45: Multi-coloured airlight model in 2021
2.2 Competition in the industry has intensified, and the global market for domestic substitutes has become more concentrated and oligopolistic.
The market share of the industry is 66%, with Japan accounting for 16% of the market share. The domestic lights market has a competitive pattern of “one super strong” and the country’s product plates continue to operate. “one super” refers to the Chinese vision (former Shanghai Xiaoyu), with the city accounting for over 22% in 2021; and “many” refers to the shares in the sky, Japan’s Xiaoyu, Stanley, Hira,
Marelli, whose share in China’s product plate, Starwoo, accounts for about 14 per cent of the country’s market share, has grown rapidly as a private and independent triad light supplier, with a rapid increase in the market share from 6 per cent in 2018 to 14 per cent by the end of 2021, while the domestic market share of the rest of the foreign-financed or joint-venture lights is below 10 per cent.
Globalization’s strategy is to incubate the lights, and the rise of autonomy is expected to accelerate their replacement. The globalization of traditional car giants, such as Toyota, Honda, and Fortune, has led to a process of globalization in their supply chains, thus further nurturing the former lights industry, such as Xiaomei Production, Stanley, Heila, and so forth.
Initially, it was introduced in the form of joint ventures with all-car manufacturing firms abroad. But with the advent of a wave of electric intelligence, autonomous brands gained an absolute advantage, and competition in the industry continued to grow. Autolights, with their historical technological accumulation, excellent cost-control capabilities, strong complementary R & D capabilities, and well-developed complementary services, have gradually accelerated national production substitution.
In 2018, the top four sectors of the domestic car-light industry were all joint ventures abroad, with 46 per cent of the total, except for the Chinese cars, which were purchased by Chinese cars; in 2021, the share of the four overseas firms in the domestic car-light industry, Hira, Stanley and Marelli, fell to 32 per cent; and the share of the first two companies (14 per cent), China, was in the first two.
Area automobiles (22 per cent) have already occupied a dominant position. Figure 47: China ' s share in the automotive lighting industry in 2021. Figure 46: Global share in the automotive lighting industry in 2021
Small studios, 3 products + customers continuously upgraded, sustained growth of 3.1 vehicle lighting industry barriers high and market share concentrated
The barriers to entry are high because the lights are electronic parts of cars with complex internal structures and constantly upgraded technology. Barriers to entry in the lighting industry include, inter alia, technical barriers, customer resource barriers, cost barriers, and quality, not just physical, but also safety.
(b) In terms of research and development, the development of lamps requires simultaneous development capabilities.
Carlights are custom products, not standard ones. For every new model to be developed, the entire vehicle manufacturing enterprise needs to work with the car. The frequency of cooperation is high and requires a rapid response capability to keep pace with the new vehicle development of the plant. 3) In design, the lamping enterprise needs a strong forward-looking design capability.
In the age of smart car lights, the arrays of led, afs, adb, pixel-grade imaging, etc., smart car lighting techniques have grown, car electron ratios have increased significantly, electronic design and manufacturing, software programming and algorithmic capabilities will become competitive, and lights providers work closely with the mainframe. Carlights are very important for the safety of cars.
To make sense, whole-car manufacturing companies follow strict procedures in selecting their lights suppliers, and then regularly evaluate suppliers’ supply. And car lamps are custom-made, not standard, whole-car manufacturing.
In order to save the costs of coordination, communication, and procurement, car manufacturing enterprises tend to work with fixed suppliers, and the destination of the lights is usually exclusive. Some of the lighting plants also have a stake in the mainframe.
There is also a relationship of equity. For example, Toyota has a small car lamp; Honda has a stake in Stanley; the Chinese vision is a car-lighting enterprise in the upper band system; olsa has been acquired by the entire car manufacturer, Magnus; Heinawakawa Haira is a joint venture between North and Haila, and Fowy and Hairah are a joint venture between a single-bang group; Mid-Mary and Lake North China.
The Chang-An car is relevant and is owned by the Chinese Armored Equipment Group, which was formerly a subsidiary of Fca, and Wei Se-Tung, which was acquired by Varroc and formerly Ford Parts and Components. In the current context of the dominance of the entire company in the industrial chain, equity relations are one of the central barriers to user breakthroughs.
Carlights, which have a stake relationship with the mainframe, are dominated by intra-system customers, with a relatively small mix of clients outside the system, and a wider client base of firms that do not have a stake relationship. 3.2 Layout control products, with horizontal expansion of intelligence capabilities
Development of carlight controllers and domain controllers, and creation of smart car light products. Carlight controllers are mainly designed to automate and operate vehicle lamps, such as remote lights, near-lights, daylights, switchlights, etc., on the basis of signals transmitted by all types of sensors, using control logic and algorithms. Smart controllers can also operate on the bends, up and down slopes, turns, etc.
In 2021, the company began the manufacture of a light control device. As the car continues to evolve in the direction of intelligence, web connection, electrodynamics, and motorization, the light control system is required.
To meet more and more complex functions, there is an increasing need to cope with the difficulty of light control. The domain controllers developed by the company are a new generation of smart power management, power outlet, can/lin communications, fault control, high-side power output, and complete power supply to different loads; the controller takes over the body of the car and does it.
Can/lin convert, communicate with load lamps, complete the delivery of the point light instructions; control the failure of the light set and give it to the body through can feedback failure; and perform an online display of software upgrades to the controller and the load of the controller to achieve different effects.
Industrial chains are explored to improve supply chain synergies and profitability. Controls are usually provided by carlight companies themselves or by international car electronic giants, with higher profitability due to the technical difficulties involved, and the Māori rate for the lighting control system in Kobuda is usually 20-30%.
In the early stages of lighting and foreign competition, prices are relatively low, and therefore the cost end is under considerable pressure. For led lights, the controllers account for about 20% of the cost. Through the simultaneous deployment of lights and lamps, companies can better coordinate the supply chain, improve productivity, responsiveness and self-sufficiency, and expand compared to other autonomous firms.
In 2020, the company set up a separate electronic workshop to produce the led controller. In recent years, the Department has continued to strengthen the development and application of the controller, focusing on the development of the headlight controller, hcm/rcm/lcu, which in turn contributes to the development of front-line light technology.
Figure 51: Industrial chains and representative enterprises in the carlight industry Figure 52: Cost structure of the 2021 Star stock car
Further expansion of the product matrix to provide a light control + car light package solution. Due to the speciality and importance of the light control function, lighting control systems are usually directly designated and procured by the entire vehicle plant and then delivered to the corresponding light plant, which is assembled and supplied to the entire vehicle manufacturer.
To upgrade some of the independent carlight controllers from the Tier2 vendor to the Tier1 vendor. The company will be able to refine existing products to meet market demand and expand the control product lines.
Figure 54: The model of cooperation between light control and the entire car factory, in association with China, covers other operations in the field from smart car lamps to smart vehicle lights. To build up in light for more than 20 years, China has invested more than 10% in research and development, and has deployed a large number of optical specialists.
With the accumulation of technology in light fields such as optical chips, space optical sources, laser light sources, optical algorithms, China has built smart car lamps, ar-hud, and other smart car-car-car-car-car-car products. Of these, Haawaixpixel smart-light solutions have reached 2.6 million high-resolution pixels, using double-light integration algorithms that allow light to be perfected without refrigerated.
Interacting (early warning of blind areas), wide-banding (free passage of narrow lanes), etc., provides users with a new experience of intelligent lighting. With China’s ability in software algorithms, system architecture, smart modules, and controllers, and the experience and market base of vehicle lamps that have been accumulated over the years by the Stars, many of them will build up vehicle-borne light products.
Builds a system-level capability for smart car lamps from design to manufacturing delivery. Back-to-back is a number of years of research and development in light. Starlights will accelerate the acquisition of core technologies like adb, dlp, and build their own technical barriers.
The "Pour One" solution, developed on the basis of the Horizon 3-car chip, has been officially targeted by a head car company in the country and is expected to produce this year. It uses only a single inch ~3 with a sensor configuration of 5r6v, which would make it easier to achieve a level 12+ line that includes a variable aid.
Vehicle support functions; calculating the time-to-time reuse of resources through software and algorithm optimization can be achieved by integrating parking aids, such as parking, on the same soc chip. Programmes based on re-use of sensors, with relatively high cost advantages and high numeracy utilization, are expected to become the industry’s short-term mainstream programme.
The high-calculation platform products of the multi-range series of chips are also ready for launch, and at the functional level they will support high-level driving and intellectual control applications such as pilot pilot driving, memory parking, smart light control. Expanding the sequence of smart-drive products, and improving the lighting integration awareness program.
The development of the intelligent view controller, which is also carrying a single drive ~3 chip, is being synchronized. More traditional smart cameras, Star Woo, build on its three decades of research and development experience in the area of car lights, integrate visual perception techniques and smart light control, and give traffic lights a stronger sense and interactive ability.
The industry’s future trends, with some head-light companies, such as miniatures, and Fareo, have been increasingly introducing the idea of car-light integration. With a wide range of customer resources and advanced digital manufacturing capabilities, companies are expected to occupy a favourable position in the field of smart driving and open up medium- and long-term development space.
3.3 A new dynamic, continuous optimization of the client matrix The first phase of client outreach (2007-2020): from Chiré to a joint venture with a gradual increase in the share of joint ventures. The company’s first-largest client was Chirí, whose business income in 2007 amounted to 53.5 per cent.
As a follow-up to the joint venture’s rapid decline in Chinese market layouts and sales in Chirre, the company has been actively promoting client restructuring, expanding its joint venture brand clients through cost advantages and technological capabilities. The top five clients of the company in 2010 were divided between Chirí cars/a populaire/Shanghai populist/a Toyota/Yang Pio, one by one.
The clientele of Toyota/Toyota/Chire cars/A red flag/East Wind Nitrogens, respectively, were in the second phase of customer outreach (2020-present): from joint ventures to autonomous & global customers, to new forces & China as a smart car-selection supply chain. At the beginning of 2020, the tide of the epidemic affected the supply chain and the power-motivated wave accelerated.
The company has actively seized a wave of autonomous rises, rapidly cutting into new energy customers like Qui, New Power, and Hua. At the same time, the company has actively promoted luxury brands and global client layout, now entering global supply chain systems such as Daimler, BMW, and through the construction of plants in Serbia.
The city’s noa accelerates its landing, and the intelligently empowered new energy is being released. In March 2023, Pelican pushed to send Xmartos 4.2.0, and opened the point-to-point city of ngp. As g6 was delivered to the market, Pelican achieved it.
China announces the landing of 15/45 uncharted cities in 2023q3/q4 respectively; ideally, 2023q2 is expected to boost the internal control user city Noa and plans to launch 100 cities by the end of the year; and we plan to start the nop+ function in July.
Intelligent experiences are expected to continue to evolve and become the core competitiveness of the product. Noa Enabling + New Product Cycles are expected to accelerate the release of new energy customers of the company, with immediate improvements in the client structure.
The company, based on the Led lamp, actively expands on smart headlights, such as ads, afs, dlp, and pushes for a further increase in the value of bicycles. With the boom in new-energy cars, the lights industry is also facing intelligentness.
The transition, as the future use of led lamps in front and post-combined lamps increases further, the use of intelligent features such as ads, dlp, etc., will increase the unit price of the lamp, which will lead to an increase in the volume of bicycles and a further expansion of the size of the market space. The company is actively exploring new areas of smart car lamps, which will become a company in 2014.
The research and development afs, successfully produced in 2015, the company ' s first generation of adb headlights in 2016, the company ' s success in researching a second generation of adb headlights in 2017, and its mass production in 2019, provide a solid foundation for the long-term development of the company in the field of intelligence.
As car intelligence increases, the penetration rate of the adb matrix lamp products is expected to increase. The matrix lamp products were used in high-end models in the early days of life, and in 2013 the Audi flag car a8 was first loaded, and the smart lights gradually infiltrated to low- and medium-end vehicles as the level of intelligence deepens and the scale effects become apparent. In 2019,
The penetration rate of the car market at the end of the country is only 1.8%, which is expected to increase further. Companies are also actively exploring the area of smart car lights, upgrading product structures, opening up high-end light markets, and keeping company products in stock in the future. 3.5 Production capacity is expanding steadily and facilitating supply-chain integration.
Since 2015, companies have been actively engaged in the production of starlights, building smart manufacturing industrial parks, smart manufacturing industrial electronics plants, smart manufacturing industrial gardening plants, and upgrading technological capabilities in such places as Jiangsuguzhou, Jilin Changchun, Guangdong Fushan, etc.
At the same time, companies have taken the initiative to set up a global industrial platform, with subsidiaries in Europe, Japan, and Serbia. Serbia is at the end of the “one-way” and is located at the crossroads of Europe and Asia.
The project in Serbia will effectively bring together local talent, geography, policy, etc., to build a modern, efficient and high-quality vehicle-light production base that will further enhance the international competitiveness of Starwoo and lay the foundations for the development of the foreign market for his shares.
In recent years, as the economy becomes more globalized, barriers to international trade have been reduced, costs have been reduced, and the entire foreign manufacturing industry has been built around the world.
Factories. In order to be competitive, purchasing costs have to be reduced, so there is a growing tendency towards local purchasing of parts and components, which prompts the world’s major car-light manufacturing firms to follow the entire car-making enterprise to establish subsidiaries in various parts of the world. The European automobile industry is well developed, with a large number of highs, such as Mercedes, BMW, Audi, the general public, Scota, etc.
In Serbia, the establishment of a factory has facilitated the expansion of SONG’s clients from joint ventures to foreign capital, meeting the production needs of European car brands, and helping companies to create a globalized industry. From the 1980’s, Siu’s expansion began abroad.
A branch of the state has gradually entered the North American market and the South-East Asian market. A small Shanghai car light company was set up in 1989 and has gradually expanded globally in China (Fukuzhou, Guangzhou, Hubei), Thailand, Indonesia, India, the United Kingdom, the Czech Republic, Biley and Brazil. From 1998 to date, the company's sales have nearly tripled, increasing at a small scale.
After the overseas distribution, the share of overseas sales has risen. Starlights, starting with Serbian factories, are expected to re-engineer Japan’s path to sea and build a global factory.
Traveling raw materials consist mainly of plastic materials, electronic components, plastics processing, table processing, trans-printing, art processing, carlight electronics, light sources, general infusion, etc., which account for 79.50% of the total cost to the company. To ease the cost pressure, the company raises funds for the construction of an “intellectual industrial garden model factory” for use in vehicles.
The manufacture of the molds/workloads required for light manufacturing, the use of the “Intelligent Industrial Garden Electronics Plant” for the production and testing of lightled modules and other electronic modules, and the collection of fuel plants can fully complement the company's current gap in the production capacity of the model and the electronic capacity of the lamp, thus increasing the company's cost advantage and thus raising the Māori ratio.
4. Profit forecast and investment recommendation 4.1 Profit projection assumptions are separated from business The company ' s deep-farmed lighting area has been actively promoting the intelligent product layout of the lamp for many years, and the client structure is constantly optimized.
Currently, core customer supply systems such as Chirre, the general public, Toyota, and Japanese products have been introduced and are actively engaged in the new forces and the Xuanjiang supply chain, accelerating the deployment of new energy customers, and sustaining the main business. Sub-operational income forecast 1.
Combination lights, fog lights, daylights, indoor lights, accelerators, etc., accounted for 91% of the company’s total operating income in 2022. In 2021-2022, when the epidemic and the sales of solar customers fell, corporate traffic lights increased slightly.
In 2023, benefiting from the new power and core client Chirre, we projected a 14.46% increase in corporate headlight revenue. According to the company announcement, 2022q1 took on a new order of about $4 billion, which is expected to stabilize its revenue in 2024, based on the research and development cycle of the lighting industry.
With the rapid increase in the scale of revenue, the scale-up effect is added to the amount of high-value lamp products, such as adb, corporate hair 2) Triangular signs: the triangulation sign is the company ' s traditional business, with a more stable rate of income growth.
4) Other types of business: other company business consists mainly of revenue from material and waste sales, which in 2022 accounted for 9% of total revenue. With the steady growth of company-owned business, the business is expected to grow steadily, the chain is expected to grow steadily, and the subsequent R & D rates are expected to decrease, but there is still a need for complementary and new product R & D.
The company's own headlights, the core products of which are smart car lamps. The lights are inside the core of the car, with high unit prices, strong intelligent attributes, and are in the process of self-accelerating replacements. So we've chosen 1) the wheellight industry's troupe tier2 head, Cobuda; 2) in the interior and the interior, the product is a dragon with high unit prices and strong intelligent attributes.
In the lead-up to the Hwayang group, upper-sounding electronics, 3) in the intelligent track, the client structure is similar and the national product is replaced by the core of the accelerated promotion, Burtley.
With the company actively promoting the expansion of its primary energy customers and new power clients, it is expected to usher in a new energy release key node. In the context of the accelerated penetration of the front adb, the firm is expected to add to the target based on a high-quality customer structure and a deep technological build-up.
Fast-fall, asp is expected to continue to rise. As companies actively promote new and autonomous energy customers and new forces, client outreach is expected to usher in a new energy release key node, maintaining a “recommended” rating. 1) Clients are under-released: the company's main client is now a joint venture brand, and there are no joint venture brand sales.
2) Point-to-point production is not as high as expected: there are currently ample hand orders, and there is a risk that the client model will stay low and produce less fast than expected. 3) Price fluctuations in raw materials are higher than expected: the cost of raw materials is higher in headlight products and there are upstream raw materials.
Price increases are higher than expected. 4) Māori recovery is not as high as expected: the current pressure on cars is so high that the downblending to parts end may lead to lower than expected purchase prices, resulting in less than expected recovery of Māori.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.