Starwoo shares (601799.sh) have gone beyond the auto industry, and now the stock of customers continues to grow and add up to the level of downstream new vehicle-type projects, and the company's 202,0202 crop has gone out of line.
Sustained growth (one populist, Chirí, one toyota, etc.) combined with the release of new downstream vehicle-type projects (Rs, Us, etc.), corporate revenue went beyond industry by 32.95 pct (car output as compared to +24.78 per cent). The front lamp continued to be upgraded from led-adb-dlp, with the company headlights estimated at 15 per cent in 2022.
In 2022, the company headlights accounted for 14.9% of the domestic market (previously 7.03 million *0.5% of domestic car sales) and +0.3% of the same. The company’s new orders, new products, continue to break, and the share of new energy customers is expected to accelerate in the second half of the year.
In the first half of 2023, the company took over 17 vehicle-type light development projects and 2 vehicle-type e-development projects, resulting in 36 new vehicle-type project batches. For products, the company’s end-of-year output; and Hd smart prelights based on microlled technology, which are expected to reach 2024.
On the client side, the company's clients cover foreign capital (Demler, BMW, etc.), joint ventures (a populist, a gastototota, etc.), autonomy and new energy.
(a red flag, Gilly, Chirre, Idea, Uri, Peng and an internationally known new energy company, etc.) " Star stock (601799.sh) - product upgrades, customer transformations with global lights.
On July 31, the company completed its second share of the stock of the company, the shares of the company (601799.sh) - the company's proposed repurchase of the shares to be used as an incentive and recommended on an ongoing basis.
“Sung Woo” (601799.sh) - The net profit for the three quarters of a single year increased by 75 per cent, with a net gain of $100 million. The company has accumulated $1.91.12 million in shares and disbursed $220 million. The collection has exceeded the industry by 32.95 pct (car output was +24.78 per cent).
Figure 2: Quarterly operating income and rate of increase in the same year, Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities & Quantities of the same year Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities & Quantities of the same year Quantities
Figure 5: Māori rate and net interest rate of the suspense shares, Figure 6: Māori rate and net interest rate of the suspense shares, 2023h1, with a rate of 9.67 per cent for company four, corresponding to -0.29 pt, of which sales/management/research
On the whole, 2023q2 stock customers have increased their sales, added to the new power-incremented vehicle load, and companies have increased their revenues faster than the auto industry by 33 pct. 2023q2 Star Camp has increased by 57.73% and automobile production by 24.78%.
The company's revenue goes beyond the auto industry by 33.opt. According to the Chinese Air Association production data, 2023q2, one populist, Chi-Ri, one gas Toyota, one red flag, East Wind, Hiroshima Toyota production by comparison with each other, figure 9: annual increases in motor/car output and the rate of growth in the Sorbonne stock camp.
At the end of the industry, the current trend in technology for headlights is towards electronicization and intellectualization. For front lights, with the spread of front lights, the headlights are developed towards adb, hd-adb, and dlp.
Information exchange, personal vehicle interaction, etc.. Post-combined lamps, with separate post-combined lamps heading through the trajectories. There is a clear trend in the development of the lights, which increases the size of the vehicle's tail lights, makes the whole car more beautiful and secure. Small lights, with consumer-specific demands, are new.
At the same time, car dressing lights, such as logo lamps and lighting grids, are increasingly being used by major companies, product dimensions are strengthening new technology development applications, customer dimensions are constantly increasing the opening of new energy vehicle-type projects, companies are enhancing the development and application of new technologies, and synergies are taking place through the industrial chain (Raon soft horizons,
On the one hand, in recent years, the company has stepped up the development and application of new technology for carlights and introduced new products such as a carlight controller, a "loose as one" solution. New technology developments in the company’s current product include dlp smart headlamps based on dmd technology, which is expected to be produced in quantities by the end of 2023; and hd smart shots based on microlled technology.
On the other hand, on October 15, 2021, a strategic cooperation agreement was formally signed in Hangzhou between Changzhou Starlight and Rainbow Soft Technology.
The use of optical sensors, the integration of system software and the innovative development capabilities of full-store visual algorithms and applications, as well as the full integration and coordination of suspense shares in the manufacture of sophisticated optical electronic products, supply chain management, etc., and the in-depth integration of artificial intelligence technology and high-performance intelligent visual products in the field of automobiles
In addition, the horizon had previously announced the completion of a three-round of $350 million in financing to secure strategic support from a large number of car industry firms, including the Star stock, up and down the chain. Figure 17: Rainbow Soft Technology Capacity
Fig. 18: On February 16, 2022, a signing ceremony was held in Dongjung, China, between Changzhou Starlight Ltd. and Hua Tung, China, to sign a letter of intent to cooperate in light-carrying operations for light-lined smart vehicles. According to the agreement, the two sides will issue a letter of intent.
The two sides work together to build a strong strategic partnership for sustainable development, from design to manufacturing delivery end-to-end capabilities, leading the development of the smart car light industry, and creating a continuous lead intelligence in industry.
We believe that dlp projector lamps and adb lights are entering the market as a matter of course. This is both an opportunity and a challenge for the traditional lights industry, where the industrial chain is particularly important in the context of new technological changes in the light industry.
Enterprises such as chips, software algorithms, based on their traditional structural, optical and electronic designs, are expected to continue to take the lead in the development of forward-looking products, widening the gap between the brands of other autonomous cars in the country.
On February 15, 2023, a strategic cooperation agreement was signed in Changzhou between Starwood shares and Horizon, announcing that it would use the Car Code Chip Plus algorithm as its core base. On the basis of Tossing's years of experience in the field of intelligent manufacturing, the entry point will be the Portfolio, with the objective of operational cooperation being “in compliance with the rules, in order to achieve production, in order to meet delivery”.
The horizons have previously announced the completion of the c3 rounds of $350 million in financing to secure strategic support for a large number of car industry firms, including the Sorbonne shares, both upstream and downstream.
Figure 20: Strategic collaboration between the Stars and Horizons. Figure 21: Strategic collaboration between the Stars and the Horizons.
An internal head car company is officially targeted and is expected to produce in 2023. Only a single inch #3 with a sensor configuration of 5r6v can easily achieve a level-I2+ car support that includes variable aids; in the same time, time-use recovery of computing resources can be achieved on the same soc chip through software and algorithm optimization.
Combining parking aids, such as parking. The program fully exploits the potential of the journey through unique software architecture3 to enhance product competitiveness at high value, thereby enabling more entry-type end-users to experience the benefits of the mobility aids.
Figure 22: Following up on the "Mobble as One" solution, which was developed on the horizons of the 3-car-size chip, the shares will further expand the sequence of intellectually driven products. In this case, the development of an intelligent view controller with the same one-way chip of the 3-chip is being synchronized, with a more traditional smart camera, Eto-Sung.
Three decades of research and development in the area of car lights will combine visual sensing techniques and smart light control, giving the lights greater sense and interactive ability to upgrade the product experience of users. The high-calculation platform products of the series of drive-by chips are ready for launch and will support piloting at the functional level.
Auxiliary driving, memory parking, intelligent light control, etc. High-level driving and intellectual control applications. Based on a sequence of drive-by chips and other smart driving frontier technologies, horizons provide a solid technological “ground” for solutions for the development of “one berth” and enabling smart car lamps for the stars, while both sides provide a sound technological “ground” for future intelligence vehicles.
There is also a high degree of convergence in the judgement of trends in the car industry. This strategic collaboration will fully facilitate the organic integration of multi-domain operations, jointly actively explore intelligent frontier technologies, develop market leaders’ smart car products, and jointly promote the development of the smart car industry.
• Order dimensions, quality new projects that provide a strong guarantee for the future development of the company. In the first half of 2023, the company took over 17 vehicle-type light development projects and 2 vehicle-type electronic development projects to achieve 36 new vehicle-type project batches, and quality new projects provided a strong basis for the future development of the company
• Client dimensions. The company continues to scale up new energy vehicle-type projects. In the first half of 2022, the number of new energy vehicle-type projects undertaken by the company was about 40%, and the quality of new projects provided a strong guarantee for the future development of the company.
Volkswagen, Daimler, BMW, General Motors, Toyota I, Toyota Hiro, Hitoshiki, Hiro Hiro Honda, Dong Feng Honda, Chang Anjuda, red flag, sedan, Liberator, Jili, General Mitsubishi, Volkswagen, Chir, Ululu, Peng, Idea, etc.
On 14 July 2022, the Global Partners Conference of the Visioned Cars 2022 was held in Changzhou, and Star-woo was invited to participate in the Congress as a strategic partner of the Ideal Motors and was awarded the highest award of the Ideal Motors Award for 2022.
On March 14, 2023, Starwoo won the "Quality Award" for the year 2022. The "Quality Award" was the highest award ever given to the supplier by Hiro and Toyota and was highly qualified.
Toyota represents a high degree of recognition of the quality of the product excellence and professional and efficient service of the Seng Woo shares. Figure 23: The Seng Woo shares have won the highest award for ideal automobiles, the “Ideal Top Award” – the production dimension, the company’s enhanced production and distribution, and the upgrading of smart manufacturing.
Currently, the company ' s automobile electronics and lighting research and development centre is partially operational, and construction projects such as the smart industry gardening and modelling plant, phase five, etc., are well advanced.The company has completed the repurchase of shares to be used in follow-up employee holding schemes
As of 31 July 2023, the share of Star Woo has been repurchased to follow up on the employee holding plan. 1) The cumulative amount as of this date is $220 million (including transaction costs).
In addition, companies accelerate the digital transformation. The objectives of digitalization are advanced from the four directions of R & D, manufacturing, operation, and decision-making; the application of systems and data by the business sector is enhanced to ensure that the planned results of digitalized projects are received and accepted; the preparation of a three-level assessment of the maturity of national smart manufacturing is carried out in a sound manner; and the digitalization of companies is supported.
The short-term dimension of 202.02, with the steady growth of stock clients (one populist, Chirí, one totota, etc.) and the release of new downstream vehicle-type projects (ideal, arrogating, etc.), corporate revenue performance exceeds industry by 32.95 ptt (breathing, etc.)
In the medium- and long-term, new orders from Starwoo shares plus new products plus new products to protect performance. Client dimensions, current Toyota and Japan are happy to work together (take the next Toyota “Competition Enterprise Award” and the Toyota Quality Award) and are in the hands of new forces (America, Peng, Ideas) and head autonomy.
The supplier system of the brand client (Gili) was acquired, and in the first half of 2023, the company took over 17 vehicle-type light development projects and 2 vehicle-type electronic development projects to achieve 36 new vehicle-type project batches, with high-quality new projects providing strong guarantees for the future development of the company; production capacity, company motor power
Sub- and lighting research and development centres have been partially operational, smart industry gardening plants, stage five construction projects, etc. are well advanced; product dimensions, adb continued penetration (from less than 2 per cent in 2019 to 9 per cent in 2022), and as new technologies, such as dlp project lamps and adb lamps, are entering the market, the stars are strengthening new technology development applications.
New technology development directions for the company ' s current products include dlp smart headlamps based on dmd technology, which are expected to be available by the end of 2023; hd smart headlamps based on microlled technology, which are expected to reach production levels by 2024; independent platform carlight controllers are produced in quantities.
Square has signed a strategic cooperation agreement in Changzhou to jointly promote the production of the "Mobble as One" solution, and Star's share in the "Mobble as One" solution, developed on the basis of the Horizon 3 car code chip, has been officially targeted by a head car company in the country and is expected to produce in 2023. In 2023, the company is expected to achieve vehicle-type orders plus overseas.
The performance of new products, such as the factory plusadb and the “walking one” solution, is resonant. On the long lanes of the carlights, steps are taken towards high-end (Japanese, German) globalization (Serbian plant) and the opening of the head and new power in the larger context of the rise of autonomous brands and new forces.
New customers, long logic. Given the continued growth in the production of downstream customers, we're moving up the forecast, comparable company valuations: we're choosing the same Burtley that has the logic of import substitution, Boda that is the core of the lights industry chain, and Tupou Group, which is the leading player in soundproofing, to carry out a comparable corporate valuation (comparable company market value level or industry).
The average of three comparable companies in 2024 is about 27 times the average of the pe. The authors of the year-round review have assured that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and not subject to any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.