q3 achieves a full rise in volume prices and future developments with more visibility. Qingdao beer (600600) is now returned to the mother's net profit of 2.978 billion yuan, compared to +15.17 per cent, and basic pers is 2.2 dollars.
q3 beer sales registered positive growth and asp and Māori rates maintained a upward trend. From the point of view of sales, companies achieved 6,942,000 litres of beer sales in the previous three quarters, compared to 3.52 per cent in the previous three quarters, and outperformed the industry as a whole (equivalent to 6.82 per cent), of which 20q3 achieved 253.6 thousand litres of beer sales in the first quarter, compared to +288 per cent in the previous three quarters.
Mainly company q3 actively promotes marketing as a chance to capture the season, but because of the fact that q2 was largely realized by stock-filling factors, the acceleration of the loops decreased significantly. In the last three quarters, the company sold a total of $3518/kL, as measured by the asp and the Māori ratio, and was consumed during the epidemic, thanks to the company’s aggressive strategy to develop high-value-added products, such as alcohol and beer brewing.
The scenario has been influenced by an increase in the drinking ratio, an increase in the canning rate of products, an improvement in the product structure, and an expectation of continued growth in future tonnage prices and Māori rates.
In terms of profitability, the net interest rate for the first three quarters was 12.19 per cent, compared to 1.81 ppt (12.84 per cent for q3, compared to 1.40 ppt), and the increase in profitability was largely due to the Māori rate.
At the end of the income, the company’s brand has performed well in recent years, its product structure has been further optimized, it has been affected by the epidemic, it has increased its overall canning rate, which together contributes to the company’s profitability and is expected to develop a long-term trend in the future to accelerate public spending.
At the cost end, in 2019, companies said they were planning to shut down about 10 companies in the next 3-5 years.
Based on the company’s performance in the first three quarters, we have improved our performance projections, and it is expected that the company will achieve business income in 20-22 years: q2 with a good track record and a good view of the company’s business performance.
In the future, firm performance is expected to grow faster than the industry average and to maintain a “recommended” rating, taking into account the firm's certainty and vanity of growth.
Review: Positive channel-building partial impact of the outbreak, impact of the epidemic exceeding expectations, higher cost increases exceeding expectations, food security risks, etc. Summary of company financial statement data projections
Ho Woo-Sin, research assistant in the food and beverages industry, and Johns Hopkins University, Master of Financial Sciences. Joined the Institute of Popular Securities in 2020, covering mainly white wine and beer.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,