\triangleright Reversed performance in Australia after the acquisition of joint coal, resulting in a much higher than expected increase. \triangleright Acquisition of joint coal in Australia, a subsidiary of the Luangzhou coal industry, completed September 2017.
In November of the same year, eight million tons of low-cost well-worker minerals were officially produced in Moraben II, releasing production from 18 to 19 years. The production of rights and interests in Xiaojie increased significantly from around 20 million tons in 16 years to around 37 million tons in 18 years.
160.85 per cent (10,473,000 tons) or 75.98 per cent of the company ' s increase in production in the first half of the year. In the first half of the year, a combined sale price of $613.29 per ton of merchandise coal was increased by 27.69 per cent (133.01 ton), a significant increase in the country ' s lead. Tons of coal (335.32 ton) or 42.14 per cent (99.42 ton) per year. In the first half of the year, Wang Chimin Research Assistant
The first half of the year was $539 million in pre-tax profits, $361 million in post-tax profits, and a significant increase in performance over the same period. The first half of the year was 51.96% higher than in the first half of the year.
Between 33.34 million tons and 9.775 million tons, representing 24.19 per cent of the company ' s annual increase in production in the first half of the year. Of this amount, the Shirazin coal mine in the Wu Shenzhen industry was affected by the environmental security policy, and produced in the Luang State coal industry (600188.sh): domestic regulatory winds were on the rise and the Australasia base benefited from the industrial upturn dividend 2018.05.28.
In the first half of the year, the combined price of coal sold at the thugs base was $269.31 per ton, an increase of 8.65 per cent (21.45 per ton); in the thongs, the coal industry (600188.sh): the price of methanol continued to rise, with a decrease of 5.69 pct. With the return to normal production at the thalausin mine, there is still room for growth in coal production at the thugs base, it is expected that the cost of coal will be further reduced.
The coal industry in Suzhou (600188.sh): Productions are on schedule and out of the country. The price of coal is rising steadily, with a small increase in costs, and the profitability of the main coal business continues to increase.
\triangleright cindasecuritiesco., ltd House No. 9 West Side Street, Beijing City.
In the first half of the year, commercial coal production increased by 39.7 per cent to 48.5 million tons in the same year, while commercial coal sales increased by 33.1 per cent to 55.504 million tons in the same year, of which 47,556,000 tons were self-produced, or 42.85 per cent (14,267,000 tons) in the same year, the volume of coal traded decreased and the quality of coal operations was mentioned as 10.31 per cent (49.69 yuan/tonne). The combined coal cost was 288.66 yuan/tonne, or 4.12 per cent (12.41 yuan/t) in the same year, and the cost of coal produced per ton was 244.79 yuan/t.
This represents an increase of 7.94 per cent ($18.01/tonne), mainly due to an increase in wages and safe environmental inputs for mine-owned personnel, and a decrease in the cost of trade in coal. The company’s profits from trading in coal have increased significantly. The coal business, by 1.63 billion yuan, increased by 59.25 per cent (544 billion yuan); the tiles, by 47.28 per cent, increased by 2.73 pct; and the Māori, by 91.77 per cent, decreased by 1.4 pct over the same period, owing to the full spread of coal-chemical and financial plates outside the coal plates and the simultaneous introduction of profits.
The company’s operations are thin, the quality of its revenues is markedly improved, and its performance continues to grow at a high rate owing to a large increase in company costs and multiple factors. In the first half of the year, the company collected 76,308 million yuan, or 5.52 per cent (4,316 million dollars) less than in the previous half, mainly because of the company’s strengthening of its ownership and control of low Maori (6,088 million yuan) at the same time as the increase in its primary revenues, such as coal, methanol, etc. The combined Māori rate is 20.89 per cent, an increase of 8.66 pts. The company’s operations are further concentrated in the main industry, with a substantial improvement in the quality of its harvests.
The increase in management costs is due mainly to a one-time social insurance premium of $1,016 million, a portion of which is non-recurrent costs, and a management cost ring-to-coal ratio, which is or will be clear for the second half of the year.
In spite of the significant increase in the company ' s three fees in the first half of the year, the company achieved a net return on its own profits despite good coal and methanol industry and significant returns on its financial layout. The volume of methanol business increased so much that the scale effect reduced unit costs and the chemical panels performed well. The production of methanol increased by 8.31% (61,000 tons) to (279.05 tons) in the first half of the year. At the same time, production increased by reducing the unit production cost of methanol, with the company ' s Methanol unit increasing by 758.16 yuan/t in the first half of the year.
The company’s cash profitability, undistributed profits, moderate leverage, and capital spending have been reduced, with the potential for high future dividends. Companies are operating in the first half of the year.
\triangleright's merger and acquisition of joint coal loans in the second half of the year, a reduction in ownership rights in the second quarter, a slight increase in the debt ratio during the year (+0.93 pct) is still significantly below the level of the previous year, and some of the company's debt is expected to be repaid through a set increase, and the level of the liability is expected to continue to decrease in the second half of the year.
Future corporate capital spending is expected to decline significantly. The company’s charter provides for a 30% bonus rate, based on the company’s growth and current cash flow, even if based on the basic sub-prime share price catalytic factors: the coal price hub continues to rise in the second half of the year, the co-coal profitability continues to be released, and the company’s production and sales at its base further increases.
\triangleright Carbon and Gas Industrial Chains, with special research on fertilizer, agrochemicals, textile chemicals, fine-chemical intermediates, and new energy sources, car light quantification, methanol economy, and carbon emissions.Dr. (Beijing) Chinese Mining University, registered consultant (investment) engineer, member of the China Geological Minerals Economics Society, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's expert bank and member of the Chinese expert bank on business auditing and auditing.
He was the Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), engaged in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Study, revised coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory studies, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2016, which was responsible for research in the coal sector; Zhou Jie, Master of Mining Engineering at the General Coal Science Research Institute, Master of Business and Industry Management at the People's University of China; joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2017 for research in the coal sector.
Wang Chimin, Master of Mining Engineering College, China Mining University, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2017 to conduct research in the coal industry. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVM has granted. This report is produced and published by the Sunda Securities Commission. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sunda securities and provides support and reference for investment decision-making in this category, with strict mutual agreement on rights and obligations.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.