Xiangzhou Coal Industry, Xiangzhou Coal Industry (600188)
With regard to sales, the company achieved 53.37 million tons of raw coal, an increase of 46.6 per cent over the reporting period: 55.5 million tons of commercial coal sales, an increase of 33.11 per cent over the same period. This is mainly due to the fact that Ordos is able to convert its own titanical coal mines, the Moraben coal mine, which is part of Australia, into production and operation in the second half of 2017, and the geological disruption of its own mines.
Production increased in the first half of the 18th century as a result of lower levels of production. q2 original coal production by the company was 27.23 million tons, an environmental growth of 4.2%, of which q2 million were produced by the q2 million in the Quantino industry and 141,000 tons in the ring, which was largely affected by internal environmental safety checks and the production of the syrup coal mine to which the company belongs. On the price side, the combined sale price of coal by the company was 539 yuan per ton, up from the same level.
During the reporting period, the company achieved a total of 29,931 million yuan in revenue from coal plates, an increase of 41.7 per cent over the same period; the cost of sales and the profitability of the coal industry improved significantly. The company stated that while maintaining the good development of the coal business, it was also necessary to keep the chemical power industry safe from running for a long period of time, promoting efficiency gains and moving forward in an orderly manner with the construction of the Eldos Energy and ellipse Chemical Phase II projects.
The company achieved a total production of 795,000 tons of methanol, an increase of 8.3 per cent over the same period; the sales volume of 794,000 tons, an increase of 10.7 per cent over the same period, with a combined sale price of 2105 yuan/tonne, an increase of 17.8 per cent over the same period; and the unit cost of sale, $1348/t, a decrease of 2.25 per cent over the same period.
One billion yuan, or 1,449 million more than the same year, an increase of 99.11 per cent, mainly due to an increase in sales in coal Australia, which affects transportation costs, port charges and other sales costs, which are $735 million more than in the same year, as well as an increase of 529 million dollars in resource royalties paid by coal Australia and Coal International in proportion to sales income. Management costs of $3.156 billion, or 11.6 million more than in the same year, reflect an increase of 58.2 per cent, mainly due to part of the company ' s social security coverage.
Risk was integrated into the integrated management of Jinning City, with a one-time social insurance contribution of $1,016 million during the reporting period. The financial cost was $1.937 billion, a year-on-year increase in coal prices and a macroeconomic downturn.
The fourth place in the real estate industry. The top ten (seventh) prizes for the excellent combination of the 2012 China Securities Industry Merit Award. The second name for the 2012 prize. The third place in the real estate industry in the 2014-million-year information year is “seller agency profit forecasts are accurate.” The specific recommendations or ideas for investing in the Sky-Eye Real Estate industry today in 2016 are directly or indirectly relevant.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.