Great Wall Cars (601633): Year-round performance exceeded expectations and New Year's performance is expected to continue
The number reached 107,4471, an increase of 26.01% from the previous year, exceeding the annual sales target. The Aceeds model continued to show good performance, with the company making its first million sales in the year. The company ' s Ace H6 series, after a record 70,292 sales in November, this month.
A new record of 80495 vehicles, an increase of 89.16 per cent over the previous year, proved once again that the public sector's ability to hold market demand accurately is a powerful product of h6. Meanwhile, the company's other best-selling type h2 sold a total of 35284 vehicles for the month, breaking 30,000 for the first time.
In November, H2s was listed as a new addition, reflecting the market’s approval of a small sports product, the suv model. Moreover, the end of the year’s tradition, the arrival of a high rate of car consumption, and the adjustment of the acquisition tax preferences, also contributed to this month’s growth.
The company’s main reason for the increase in the sale of the Ace of Cars is to be noted that the Great Wall, with its first breakthrough of one million vehicles in 2016, exceeded 13.1 per cent of the target of 950,000 annual sales, with the sum of 938018 sales, maintaining the status of King Suv.
One vehicle, which continues to be sold in one month, reflects the market’s gradual acceptance and approval of the Great Wall’s high-end vehicle model.
A major product of the high-end market in the auto layout, the continued hot market for this type of vehicle is an important guarantee of the company’s progress towards high end. At the same time, the Great Wall will be officially operational in 2017, thanks to the strong domestic demand for suv-type cars in recent years and to the good reputations of the company’s products.
The two models of wo1 and wo2 under the flag of high-end suv Wey, which, according to the currently published data on the model, will be extremely competitive in the $150,000-$2 million market, are expected to further enhance the penetration of the company ' s products in the mid- and high-end markets.
• Benefiting from the upward trend in domestic consumption and the growth in demand for buy-over, the company’s target for 2017 is expected to be met. In recent years, the country’s automobile market has seen an upward trend in consumption, with increasing demand, with car consumption hot spots shifting from cars to suv and moving towards higher ends.
At the same time, as a result of the full implementation of the country’s second-child policy, demand for seven suv-type vehicles has grown and become a new market point for market segmentation. The company’s 2017 plan is expected to meet its sales targets, mainly because: 1) the domestic market’s suv-type
Demand remains strong, with the domestic suv model expected to grow by 20 per cent in 2017: 2) company models are accurately adapted to market demand, H2 and H7 are expected to continue to rise; 3) company will introduce new h6, new energy models and new power
The competitiveness of products will be further enhanced by new products, such as aggregates. Double, 10, and nine times, the structure of products will continue to be optimized in the future, given the current position of the company’s ADR market, which is well positioned, sustained, hot for sale, and the continued recognition of strategic models in the market.
The report is made by Chinese securities, which are used only by customers of Chinese securities. The company will not be treated as a customer for receiving the report.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information and views expressed in the report do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining this report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to anyone.
An independent assessment shall be made, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial position and specific needs, and consult with professional consultants, as necessary, on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc.