Wall cars (601633): H2 sales are strong, and new products for the future are on the watch. Wall cars released a February Express, with 77,496 sales in the company ' s entire fleet during the month, an increase of 30.68 per cent over the same period, and a cumulative sales volume of 16,8729 between January and February.
H2 sales increased by the same amount. H6 sales met expectations. This month ' s H2 sales amounted to 25059, an increase of 127.35 per cent. The H2s market, which was on the market at the end of last year, showed an impressive performance and contributed about 10,000 vehicles per month, which was the bulk of the increase in H2 sales.
Factor. H2s car masters, small suv market, fine design, well-equipped, well-positioned, well-placed and more competitive, are expected to keep sales stable in the future. h6 car models sold 3,3684 vehicles this month, an increase of 1.88 per cent compared to the previous month, with a significant increase in sales.
The high-end process is being tested, taking into account the impact of the February spring holidays and upcoming replacements. h7-type company basics (update)
We believe that spring holidays are one of the main factors affecting sales, but the fall reflects the competitive pressures that autonomous brands face in mid- and high-end markets of $150,000 or more.
A competitive strategy that highlights the advantages of the product configuration and manufacturing process is gradually gaining market recognition, and the H7 model is expected to remain at an average of around 6,000 vehicles per month in the future.
This year, the Great Wall car will be a product, and the company will be launching new products like the new H6 and the new version of the Wey brand and the new power. We believe that the new H6 and the new version will be on the market in April.
The brand model will determine the company’s performance throughout the year. H6-type cars account for half the size of the Great Wall, and the success of the replacement model is the key to whether the company’s future sales can be sustained.
The market is very competitive in terms of models, interior designs, manufacturing processes, and configuration levels, and it is expected that the market will continue the high sales momentum of the H6 model. Wey brands have the burden of moving the structure of the company into high-end, both of which are currently in place.
The ability to achieve a breakthrough in high-end markets is an important factor in the improvement of the value of the Wall. Double, nine, and eight times, given that the company’s Aceed Market is currently well positioned and sold.
Consistent with expectations, H2-type sales are prominent, new market increases are expected from replacement models and new products, and we maintain a prudentially recommended investment rating for companies, and expectations; and (3) Māori rates are below expectations.
Joining the Department of Chinese Securities Research and Development, the main area of research and follow-up: the mechanical industry reports that Chinese securities are produced for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving this report.
The information, opinions, etc., does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and comments in the present report, and should also take into account their respective investment objectives, financial position, and specific needs, with regard to finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc.
You will not accept any of the consequences of using or relying on this report.