Great Wall Cars (601633): The growth of suv is remarkable, and looks forward to new product performance – suv – and strategic car-type breakthroughs. The company is led by suv products, focusing on suv-type research and development, and against the backdrop of the high demand for suv-type cars in our country, the public is looking forward to a breakthrough.
In 2016, the Division achieved a high rate of growth in revenue and profits. The company achieved a full annual increase of 34.56 per cent over the same year; the number of sales of the Acet vehicle h6 was the highest on the market and recorded 80,000 vehicles on a single month, with a market occupancy rate of 6.4 per cent; and the volume of the h2 vehicle was fully released.
The cumulative sales of 1,969,000 vehicles, an increase of 16.89 per cent over the same period, and the strategic vehicle type h7, a breakthrough at the mid-to-high end of the market, sold more than 10,000 vehicles for two months in a row, reflective of the fact that the company ' s high-end transformation campaign is gradually gaining market recognition.
• The combined Māori rate has declined slightly, and research and development inputs have continued to increase. The main reason for the decline in the Māori grossity rate of companies during the reporting period is that the Māori ratio of companies is still in the forefront of the industry and is more profitable on a bicycle basis.
The importance of research and development of products and new technologies. At present, companies have stocks of critical components technology, represented by new automatic transformers, as well as numerous new models, benefiting from sustained research and development inputs, and have a basis for steady and sustained growth.
This year, the Great Wall car will be a product, and the company will be launching new products like the new H6 and the new version of the Wey brand and the new power. We believe that the new H6 and the new version will be on the market in April.
The brand model will determine the company’s performance throughout the year. H6-type cars account for half the size of the Great Wall, and the success of the replacement model is key to whether the company’s future sales can be sustained.
The market is very competitive in terms of models, interior designs, manufacturing processes, and configuration levels, and it is expected that the market will continue with the high sales of the h6 model. In addition, two models of woo1 and woo2 under the Wey logo will continue to be marketed inland in the year, and two models will be designed.
The future success of the Great Wall will be a key factor in moving towards high-end motor vehicles, as the process is already more competitive than the same level of markets.  Profit forecasting: we expect the company to earn business income in 2017-2019, respectively
The rates are nine, eight and seven times, respectively, and we maintain the company's “prudentially recommended” investment rating, given the strong market advantages of the company's suv model, the main force, stable sales of the vehicle model, and the prospect of a new increase in sales of the new product.
Joining the Department of Chinese Securities Research and Development, the main area of research and follow-up: the mechanical industry reports that Chinese securities are produced for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving this report.
The information, opinions, etc., does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and comments in the present report, and should also take into account their respective investment objectives, financial position, and specific needs, with regard to finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc.
You will not accept any of the consequences of using or relying on this report.