Three seasons of booming and booming, with the city holding the world's leading share: (a) the three-quarterly report from Tokyo in 2018, realized operating revenue of $69,464 million in the first three quarters, an increase of 0.08 per cent, net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $3,379 million, a decrease of 47.82 per cent in the same year, and net profit deductions of the non-net profit of the first three quarters.
Three-quarterly panel price increases boost corporate revenue, and the stock ratio is stable at the top of the world ' s first-ever down-shoring demand in the third quarter of 2018, with a 32-inch increase in panel prices, compared with the trend in the Unit ' s depth of 300 per cent.
The company’s income performance improved in the third quarter of the year. The company maintained a high crop rate in the first three quarters of 2018, with five major panels having the world’s highest volume of merchandise. According to ihsmarkit, the global volume of large liquid crystals (up to 9 inches) showed a record high in the third quarter of 2018, reaching 197 million pieces.
In the third quarter of the year, Kyoto East continued to lead the competition at 23% of the market share of its shipments. Amoled's flexible panel supply country's flagship product, with a significant increase in the volume of shipments \triangleright
The company's soft panel began to supply the country's branded flagship phones, becoming the first supplier of its screens, and the company's volume of amoled panels increased significantly in the third quarter of 2018 and is expected to reach tens of thousands of grade levels in 2019. According to the cinnoresearch report, amoled hands in the third quarter of Tokyo in 2018.
The volume of airboards continued to grow, with a 62% increase in the size of the ring, and it is expected to continue to grow by around 50% in the fourth quarter of Kyoto. The company’s construction of production lines is progressing well, with multiple production lines coming into operation in 2019.
The 6th generation of the birth line is expected to start in the first half of 2019. The 10.5th generation of the tft-lcd production line of Wuhan is expected to start by the end of 2019. The 6th generation of the birth line of Qing is in preparation and progressing well.
The tft-lcd production line will further enhance the competitiveness of the company.
At present, the company ' s three production lines of Chengdu, Siangyang and Wuhan are still in a state of capacity climb or construction, with higher requirements for equipment procurement, which is denominated in United States dollars, subject to exchange rate fluctuations in the currency of the United States dollar and higher losses on exchange in the third quarter of the company, resulting in the company ' s financial costs in the third quarter of 2018 amounting to 1,041 million yuan, an increase of 231.42 per cent over the same period.
The oversupply of the new panel industry of 1,2019 resulted in a significant decline in the price of the panel;2 the company’s new oled and the high generation of tft-lcd production lines were not released as expected.Jung Ping, tmt team leader.
Zhao Wing, Bachelor of Light Information Science and Technology, Beijing Transport University, Master of Physics, 7 years of work experience in the field of photovoltaics, 2017 UDPS.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,