Kyotoa (000725.sz) became the main source of the mate20pro and was a landmark; Kyodong announced for the first time becoming a flexible lead monitor provider for the flagship smartphone.
We believe that this is an important milestone for Kanjing East to become a trusted supplier of olid. It seems to us that Hwa is carrying the olid from Kyoto on its high-end flag ship.
We believe that, with this design order in Kyoto East, our predictions of 3 million pieces of the entire year in 2018 should be realistic. More importantly, obtaining this design order is expected to be a national Andre after 2019.
The aircraft manufacturer has paved the way for an oed screen in Kyoto East, which supports our view that the oled will make a profit for Kyoto East starting in 2020. We reiterate that there is an average daily transaction for Kyoto East for three months: rmb1.4bn/$197.7mn
Taiwan's hardware components and assembly sets out our projections of the oed capital spending plan and the volume of shipment in Kyoto East. For October 16, China officially launched the Mate 20 series of flagship smartphones.
According to Cinno, the second supplier of Mate20pro is lgdisplay, and its output is limited.
This year's mate10pro's oled supplier (e.g., three-star electron) only provides a hard-screen oled to the mate 20x (for small markets).
Mate20pro's screen performance is significantly better than the previous generation's mate10pro: higher vertically, resolution/ppi significantly higher, higher screen size, dent design/curve edge. In addition, mate20pro is a global first and simultaneous fingerprinting chip and 3d face recognition.
The smartphone type of the other chip; these highly integrated solutions add to the difficulty of displaying the screen module. Moreover, comparing the display performance of Wa to mate20pro with the performance of Samsung galaxys9 and iphonexsmax (both using three-star electron heights)
So investors should take into account that there may be a conflict of interest that might affect the objectivity of this report, and should not consider this report as the only one making investment decisions.
Kyoto Easterna (000725.sz) balance sheet (rmmmn)_Kyodonga (000725.sz)
Ratings since 20 September 2018 Income statement (rmmmn) Kyoto Easta (000725.sz)
First of all, we had anticipated that Kyoto East would become the second-largest supplier of Mate 20pro due to its weak rate and capacity to produce. But now, Kyoto East has replaced Samsung Electronic as the main supplier of the machine. We believe that China is in the process of becoming the second supplier.
Its high-end flag ship display on the Kyoto East means that the technology, the rate, the quality of the product and the quantity of the Kyoto East are low. Second, the difference in the performance of the screen display between Mate20pro and the Samsung Galaxys9/iphonexmax suggests that the gap between the Kyoto East and the Samsung in the technology and product quality has been significantly reduced.
Its product quality strength and stability will take some time, but we believe that being adopted by the mate20pro is a milestone for the Kyoto East’s ambition and a strong oed strategy. As we said earlier, the higher price of the oed (especially soft-led) and the single main supply of three-star electronics.
The risks inherent in business may be an obstacle to the large-scale adoption of oled by domestic mobile brands. We believe that domestic suppliers are waiting for more and less priced diversified oled screen supplies, especially from domestic display screen providers (see report “China Electronics: A big picture of the figure - first-time coverage of the Chinese industry; buy-in to Kyoto, 20 September 2018).
We expect that, after Kyoto has been recognized by China and used for the mate20pro, a growing number of domestic mobile brands will follow China from 2019, using the olid screen in Kyoto, which will lead to an increase in the oed penetration and in the volume of shipments (we expect that the oled penetration in the global smartphone market will rise from 26% in 2017).
42% in 2020. As we have previously stated, the leading capital expenditure in Kyoto East shows its ambitious vision for the development of the unled (see the report “Kyotoa (000725.sz): structural winners in the lcd industry, growing oed suppliers; first coverage is rated as buying”). We expect that Kyoto East will become global.
South Korea’s next trusted mobile supplier after three-star electronics and lgdisplay. Based on a product-capable climb and a good rate increase, we expect that by 2021 Kyoto East’s share in the global mobile product oled market will reach 11%, and that it will make a profit from 2020.
For Samsung Electronics, we believe that the leading oled technology, production, experience and mature supply chains in the company industry will ensure that the company remains the leading supplier of the high-end and mass-level mobile product oled panel. We do not have it in this report.
We believe, however, that with the emergence of new rivals in fast-growing markets, the market share of three-star electronics will gradually decline in the medium to long term, especially in low-end areas. (2)led climbs slower than expected; (3) government subsidies will decrease; and (4) subversive technology progress will accelerate.
On October 18, 2018, Kyoto Easta (000725.sz) herself, Hu Lingling, affirmed that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views on the company or its securities. Moreover, no part of my salary has been, has not been, will not be, nor will it be.
The investment summary section evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the key indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, return, valuation multipliers and volatility. The increases, returns and valuation multipliers are all calculated using several methods to determine the unit’s percentage ranking within the area’s research industry.
The precise calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows: Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, income, etc. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital returns and net asset returns. The valuation multipliers are calculated on the basis of the expected annual valuation ratios, such as market gains, dividends, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, market net rates.
In our global coverage, we use the M & As framework to analyse stocks, taking into account both qualitative and quantitative factors (which may vary from industry to region) to take into account the possibility of acquisition of certain companies. Then we rate companies on M & As from one to three, one of which represents a higher probability of a company becoming a M & A (30-50%), two with a medium probability (15-30%) and three with a lower probability of representation.
Quantum quantum is a highly proprietary database providing specific financial statement data history, projections and ratios that can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm or for comparison with gssustain between firms in different industries and markets
The gssustain is a global investment strategy that focuses on achieving long-term excess returns by identifying leading firms in high-quality industries. The gsssustain50 focus list lists industry leaders that we believe are expected to perform well vis-à-vis their global counterparts over the long term, based on excellent capital returns, sustainable competitive advantages, and effective management of risk to esg (environmental, social, and corporate governance).
Hu Lingling: hardware components and assembly in Taiwan. Hardware components and assembly in Taiwan: aactechnologies, acres, ausstekcompute, boetechnologygroups (a), casetekholdings, cachetetechnology, compalectorics, dongxuoptoectolictechnologyco., goertekinc., hunhaiprecision, htccorp., larganprecision, lenovoggroup.
pegatron, Quantacompute, shenzhenluxsharepreciónind, shenzheno-filmtechco., shenzhensensunnypoloptoelexectonicsco., sunny opticaltechnologygroup, tianmamicroectronicsco., tongdaggroup, tpkholding, wistron.
No specific information is disclosed for the following companies: Boe(b) (hk$4.83), Boetechnologygroup(a) (rmb2.65), company rating, research industry and rating and related definition of return decision. Any stock that does not receive or sell a rating and has an active rating (i.e., shares that are not suspended, temporarily rated, suspended or unresearched) is considered to be neutral.
The distribution of purchase and sale ratings in the industry may vary according to the decisions of the Regional Investment Assessment Board. Moreover, each regional investment assessment board manages a list of strong regional purchases or sales, which changes the investment rating of these stocks.
Gives investment ratings and price targets. The investment ratings and price targets previously set for such stocks, if any, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Suspended research (cs): We have suspended research on the company. No research (nc): we did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or does not apply.