One of the reports in the China Connect series: Change for Business Performance, October 23, 2018.
▪ The traditional business has stopped its decline and its performance has gradually turned: China Connect, in cooperation with Internet companies, has been able to optimize the flow release, stimulate the growth of the flow and create differentiated strategies to promote 4g business development and income enhancement and move more account users at a low incremental cost.
The share of income from dynamic data operations is increasing, and innovation in flow operations and applications continues to deepen, and the process of innovation is being reduced.
By introducing more market-oriented State capital and external private capital, it will operate as compared to other competitors.
More marketable, more in-depth collaboration with partners in the areas of netting, cloud computing, and 5g, and more flexible business expansion models.
China’s Tataev/ebitda is currently 6.8 times lower, and China’s major shareholder connection will benefit from the gradual restoration of the Tata valuation in the future.  Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: China’s connection is, in our view, constantly raised through mixage and market innovation.
To upgrade the core competitiveness of companies and to promote sustained improvements in income-sides; to continuously reduce operating costs and improve efficiency through precision investment and cut-off end subsidies; to innovate industries through the placement of one of the companies, Connect China (600050): China
Connected: Performance continued to improve in the previous three quarters, with mixed results: 2018-10-242, China Connect (600050): 4g
The household penetration rate continues to rise, and the fixed broadband is based on the comparable valuations of major global operators, and we believe that the pb method can also be used for valuations: the global average is 2-2.5 times the pb, and a share is about 1.3 times the pb when
The value of a joint venture pb is considered to be gradually approaching the global average, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Dividends are being released, and joint ventures are becoming a bright spot for growth.
Competition patterns among domestic operators are currently in the domestic telecommunications market, dominated by three major players, China Connect, China Mobile and China Telecom, in terms of income and profits.
In the case of China, where the movement is unique, China Connect and China Telecom have a different focus on different operations. Figure 2: Three major operators withhold non-net profits (billion yuan) €498 million, up 498 per cent from the previous year. 890 million mobile users, of whom 4g users account for 650 million, exceed connectivity and telecommunications.
Cable broadband users have also risen rapidly in recent years, with 113 million users currently in the second place. China connected: 2,74,829 million yuan in business earnings in 2017, an increase of 0.23% in the same year, the first increase in business growth in four years, the deduction of $993 million net profit from non-repatriation to mothers, and the gain from the previous year.
In general, China’s movement is ahead in terms of revenue collection, net profits, and the number of users. China’s telecommunications base, which pre-empts, remains ahead of the hardline and wired broadband operations, but remains in the lead due to the shrinking of the solid market and competition.
China Connect has rebounded in recent years, its net profits have recovered, and the number of users of all types of operations (other than solid messaging) has steadily increased, with mixed dividends affecting them, and future performance is expected to turn faster.
The company provides a full range of telecommunications services throughout the country, including mobile broadband (wcdma, ltefdd, td-lte), mobile operations, mainly in voice communications, data flow, etc. In the first half of 2018, mobile main camp operations generated revenue of 84.3 billion yuan, an increase of 9.7 per cent compared to a significant advance of nearly 8 percentage points in the industry; and mobile account users.
This represents a net increase of 17.866 million households, bringing the total to 302 million; mobile account users arpu amounted to RMB 47.9 and remained largely stable over the course of the previous year.
Innovation includes innovative platforms such as cloud computing, object networking, and big data. In the first half of 2018, corporate innovation continued to grow at a rapid scale. The size of industrial Internet operations reached RMB 11.7 billion, an increase of 39 per cent over the same period, with a growth of 39 per cent over the same period in central cloud computing.
During the period 2004-2007, the company focused mainly on mobile operations, coordinated by the gnet c network, and quickly seized the market. In 2008-2013, the company expanded its user base and optimized its user structure by taking advantage of the wcdma license: promoting the consolidation of networks and the integration of mobile networks.
In 2015, the corporate strategy focused on 4g development, innovation-driven and deeper cooperation; and improved incentives for staff promotion to stimulate internal livelihoods. In 2016, companies increased their capacity, business growth, income reversals. In 2017, companies insisted on strategic deployments to control costs, promote development, and transfer mechanisms, leading to profit reversals.
2.1. Roll-over of business performance 2.1. Corporate net return profits showed strong growth between 2011 and 2014, although the promotion and diffusion of the 4g network resulted in a steady decline in traditional operations and a gradual reversal of performance
China’s pre-existing 3g mobile business advantage was significantly reduced, and in 2015 the company’s net return profit began to grow negatively, with operating income falling sharply in the transition of 3g to 4g. In 2016, the main business income amounted to 24,098.2 billion yuan, an increase of 2.42% compared to the previous year, and began to move out of the low and into a reversal period.
The increase in the cost of iron tower use and the cost of energy, property rent, etc. resulted in a net profit decline of 95.56 per cent.In 2017, the company ' s business performance was successfully reversed and significantly improved, with income from the main business being achieved over the year of 249.02 billion yuan, an increase of 4.6 per cent over the same year, with a total profit of 2.38 billion yuan attributable to the parent company ' s net profit.
In the first half of 2018, the company's business performance increased significantly by RMB 1,491 million, or 7.9 per cent, to RMB 134.4 billion, or 8.3 per cent, for the main business, leading the growth in the industry with a net profit attributable to the parent company amounting to RMB 2.6 billion.
2.1.1.4 g The number of users has continued to grow, supporting improved corporate income in the 2g era, when China's Connected Users data were at the middle-level of the industry. In the 3g era, China's Connect was able to achieve rapid growth by 2013, thanks to its 3g industry chain advantage, but the promotion and diffusion of the 4g network enabled China to connect to the original ones.
36 mobile business advantages have been significantly reduced, and China’s number of connected mobile users has declined in 14 years and 15 years. Against the backdrop of the loss of users and increased competition in the industry, companies have accelerated the upgrading of 2g/3g users to 4g, while working with Internet companies to optimize the flow release, stimulate the growth of flows, and create differentiated strategies to lower incremental costs.
At the same time, the company continued to strengthen its 4g network, with an additional 4g base station of 110,000 in 2017, bringing the total to 850,000, and an increase in the 4g network utilization rate to 57%, leading the industry with an average up/down speed rate.
Throughout 2017, a net increase of 20.341 million mobile account users continued the upward trend following the downward trend in 2016. In the first half of 2018, the total number of mobile account users reached 302 million, of which 4g account users reached 203 million, and the number of mobile account users continued to increase.
Figure 8: Developments in China ' s connectivity to 4g users and mobile check-outs (in thousands) 2.1.2. Active promotion of cross-border products. The share of income from mobile data operations has been expanding.
120.29 per cent, during the transition from 3g to 4g, connectivity did not fully capture the 3g window and did not follow up on the 4g in a timely manner, with a downward trend in the growth rate of mobile phone traffic in 14 and 15 years. In 2016, China Connect was actively engaged in flow operations, frequency cross-border card-making with Internet enterprises, and mobile cellular data traffic reached 1,608.1 billion mb in 2016, a year-on-year increase.
Since September 2016, the company has worked with eight companies across the border to launch a nine-and-nineteen-stage customised card package for high-flow user groups.
The Queen's Card is a targeted flow package for tweak applications, and when users use tweaks, qq, tweak video, qq music, tweak games, etc., the flow is free of charge. The company works with Internet contact points on an ongoing basis through companies such as tweets, Ali, Peto, Kyundong, Drip, etc., and works with low-cost and thin subsidy development models.
In the first half of 2018, there was a rapid growth of 2i2c operations, bringing the total number of users to about 77 million, leading to a rapid growth of 4g users. With the spread of 4g operations, all three operators introduced “infinite flow” packages, such as the China-connected “ice” package.
All three have introduced “open-flow” packages at around $200. Of these, China is connected to unlimited voice and flow ice cream packages introduced at the end of February 2017.
Larger, the package breaks the long-standing limit on the number of minutes of a mobile package, allows for unlimited use of national traffic and voice, and breaks the telecommunications industry ' s practice of paying first.
In August 2018, the Ministry of Information and Technology and the CDRC issued a three-year action plan for the expansion and upgrading of information consumption (2018-2020). The report states that by 2020, information consumption will reach $6 trillion, an average annual increase of more than 11%.
In the face of national policy orientation and intense competition in the area of broadband operations, companies have further upgraded their network-covering capabilities and quality, taking advantage of network-capability advantages, using tv and video content as a guide, actively promoting high bandwidth and integration products, and promoting user consumption upgrading and solid migration to each other.
At the same time, the Internet transformation of broadband marketing services has been promoted, raising client service awareness, while at the same time opening up new services such as the home Internet, home group networks, and exploring new models of innovative services.
The net increase in the number of users of fixed broadband is evident, with a net increase of 408,000 households in August 2018, reaching 79,618,000 households, a significant improvement over the same period in 2017. In the context of intense competition in the fixed broadband market, this has been difficult.
2.2. Effective cost management and optimization of the capital expenditure structure . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
With the rapid growth of Internet operations, the corporate business structure has continued to optimize. In the first half of 2018, non-verbal operations accumulated RMB 1,10.42 billion, an increase of 14.8 per cent in the same year, a further increase in the income of the main business, and a significant increase in corporate financial strength from the introduction of strong strategic investors and the deepening of synergies.
In the first half of the year, corporate capital spending was well under control, and corporate free cash flows reached an all-time high of RMB 40.8 billion, down 18 pp, fiscal costs fell by 92% over the same period, and financial positions were more robust. Optimized capital spending structures improved the company’s ability to develop and manage risks in the future.
3. Enhance innovative business development and sustain the ict transformation. Companies not only maximize profits in their traditional mobile, network-fixing operations, but are more active in setting up innovative business. The rise in income from new and emerging operations, such as physical networking, cloud computing, and iptv, partially compensates for the decline in traditional fixed-talking operations.
3.1. Active layout networking, opening a nb-iot network trial commercial nb-iot with the advantage of “wide coverage, low power consumption, large connectivity, low cost” and high reliability and high security are important operations that help operators break down traditional business and ott shocks and embark on a new growth path.
By 2020, China will have a market size of 1.83 trillion yuan and a large market space. With nb-iot technology as the main standard for future network construction, China’s connectivity is based on nb-iot technology.
In 2017, the company network generated $1.41 billion and started a pilot Nb-iot in more than 10 cities, including Shanghai, Beijing, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, with more than 70 million connections, and is now largely in Shanghai, building the world ' s largest single city Nb-iot network, leading the commercial application industry.
Based on the strong cloud net advantage, idc&ict’s business growth is rapid. The company is led by cloud business, based on sdn/nfv, and provides cloud network integration and intelligent networking services for political and business users.
China has been working with Ali and Tenseng to launch a public cloud product branded “Woun” to provide differentiated products and services to users; to collaborate on cloud-connected products to provide users with mixed cloud network capabilities; and to establish a joint venture with Ali.
Division, a strong coalition to create customized software applications for government and business clients. Actively exploring the construction of new retail pilot shops, combining Ali, Suning, Kyundong, Toyoto, etc., building on large data capabilities, enriching the store class, enhancing the line-up flow to each other, with significant impact on business development.
New business areas, as well as basic business areas, are well advanced in cooperation with strategic investors, effectively contributing to win-win development. We believe that, with active cooperation with advanced Internet partners, the related innovations in the future are likely to become an important driver of corporate performance growth.
In the first half of 2018, corporate cloud computing revenue grew by 39% over the same year, and Internet-specific revenue grew by 8% over the same year. The size of production Internet operations reached RMB 11.7 billion, an increase of 39% over the same year. The rapid growth of ict and idc operations marked a new breakthrough for companies in key innovative business areas.
Disparities in operations, with the cooperation of external blending strategic investors, will further translate the mixed dividend into performance growth. Figure 16: Income from industrial Internet operations (Billions of yuan) Figure 17: Cloudnet integration, smart network services
4. The reform dividend: the equity dimension + the business dimension improves to support the sustainable development of companies 4.1. The transformation of mixed support companies, China Connect, is a pilot for moving local reforms towards overall reform, and the first to undertake a diversified share system reform.
The core of the merger is corporate autonomy, allowing the market to determine capital and capital. Since the mid-2017 performance of the company, a mix has been announced, changing the original equity structure through targeted increases, old-equity transfers, and equity incentives.
A number of strategic investors, including Tsong, Peto, Kyundong, Alibaba, and Chinese life, held 35.19 per cent of their shareholdings. This time, the mix was raised by companies for about $75 billion.
Mechanisms for unifying the interests of the State, shareholders and employees. 2) Capital support: It is hoped that the mix will be introduced into external capital and that strong support will be provided for the creation and operation of the Department ' s network. 4.2. The impact of the mixage on the operation of connectivity in China
With the introduction of more marketable external capital, such as Ali, Kyundong, Tetsu, and other competitors, shareholders will operate in a more marketable and in-depth manner with their partners in areas such as net-fixing, cloud computing and 5g.
It is expected that connected business development will be more pragmatic, that business focus strategies will continue to be strengthened, that blind, inefficient, malpractice camps will be reduced, and that excessive end-of-service subsidies will be controlled. Through resources such as new shareholder channels, users, etc., it will be possible to develop and seize users more quickly, and to introduce in a timely manner industry-type applications that meet downstream needs, in the traditional 3/4g individuals
We believe that the mixed dividend will be further realized as performance growth, thanks to companies’ increasing Internetization and differentiated operations, and through collaboration with external agents who mix strategic investors.
This mix involves nearly 8,000 core talent, including the Secretary of the Treasury and the financial officer. The circulation rate is linked to such indicators as income, net profits and roe, which binds the interests of the top and middle-level cadres and business interests and stimulates the nuclear process.
Staff enthusiasm reduces market concerns about rigidity in connectivity mechanisms. 4.2.3. Optimizing staff structure and saving capital costs are reduced to less than 900 people.
Equity concessions can be used to reduce indebtedness and financial cost pressures on the one hand, and to improve the ability of connectivity to carry out capital expenditures and to reserve for future technology and network competition on the other.
In July 2014, three major operators took assets off the towers and set up the Chinese Towers Company, which was listed in Hong Kong on 8 August 2018. The ipo was the largest fund raiser in nearly eight years, with China moving 28.5% of the shares, China Connecting, and China Power.
Before the establishment of the Tower, our tower assets were in the hands of three major operators, with unequal distribution of resources. China had the largest share of mobile operators. At the end of 2015, the tower and the three major operators in China completed the cut-off of the stock towers.
China’s towers are based on large site resources for communications operators to operate in towers and sub-houses, which include macro-station operations and microstation operations.
On the basis of this, cross-practice site applications and information services are being implemented for different sectors to meet the diverse needs of clients. In the first quarter of the year, China’s towers achieved 17,244 million yuan in operating revenue, of which 16,723 million yuan was achieved.
During the year, the operating balances receivable from the three major communications operators were 100 per cent, 99.8 per cent and 99.4 per cent of total receivables, respectively, all bills confirmed by the three major communications operators were generally refunded within a period of one to three months, and in 2016, companies in the Tower Market were more stable and the gap was small for almost three years and remained 20 times higher.
The ratio in emerging markets is about 10-15 times higher. The current Chinese Telecommunications/ebitda is 6.8 times lower, and China’s connectivity as a major shareholder will benefit from the gradual restoration of the Tata valuation in the future.
Mobile operations: We expect a continuous decline in corporate mobile voice business income of about 5-7 percentage points per year, owing to the persistent replacement effect of 0tt on mobile voice and the elimination of roaming costs; mobile data income continues to grow, with a composite growth rate of about 7 percentage points, in the context of an increasing penetration rate of 4g households;
idc/ict Operations: The company is currently led by cloud operations, based on sdn/nfv, providing cloudnets for political and business users, integrated and intelligent web services, and we believe that, with active cooperation with advanced Internet partners, the associated innovations in the future are likely to be an important driver of growth in corporate performance.
End-of-service: China Connect is expected to continue to improve the company’s core competitiveness through blending and market innovation, promoting revenue sustainability, continuously reducing operating costs and increasing efficiency through precision investment and cutbacks in end-of-end subsidies, and improving business efficiency through layout.
Innovative industries, which give new impetus to the growth of companies in the medium to long term, continue to look at the long-term development prospects of companies, and anticipate that companies can use the pb method for valuation, taking into account the comparable valuations of major global operators: global operators averaged 2-2.5 times the pb and a share linkage pb about 1.3 times the pb, which is currently undervalued; and consideration of a mixer.
With the extent to which the increase in net capital and the rapid growth in performance have resulted, we believe that the value of a joint venture pb is gradually approaching the global average, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.1 Flow prices are highly competitive and 4g operations are growing less than expected;
(b) The country's enabling policies in emerging areas such as 5g, physical networking, and the development of innovative business have weakened as expected. 5g standardization and product research and development have not progressed as expected, and communications equipment providers will not be available for trial by the end of 2018
China’s iron line valuation levels have not been repaired as expected, affecting China’s connectivity indirect benefits. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Company Limited has been in possession of a securities investment advisory committee.