The industrial landscape has improved, and the industrial chain has improved.
1. Simultaneous pharmaceutical consistency evaluation policy drives:2 there is an upward trend in pharmaceutical research and development, with high rates of outsourcing of clinical trials;3 and industry penetration in the cro sector continues to rise.
The consistency evaluation policy continues to move forward, the quality of the big clinical orders has improved, the review and approval system reform policy has been deepened, the approval process has been further streamlined, and the company has been expanding its clinical resources to accelerate its ability to absorb the orders.
Slow, with order quality as a criterion, the Mäori ratio is expected to continue to rise. The subsidiary’s operations are increasingly integrated, and performance has been directed towards improving the chain of medical equipment and building “one-stop” services.
In the future, Yeung Ouing is expected to be a strong leader in the field of clinical trials, evaluation and product registration in the context of deepening reforms. 2 Korea subsidiary dreamcis is expected to lose 10 million people this year.
The dollar is around, and next year the balance of gains and losses is expected to be achieved. 3 - Fonda’s net interest rate for the first six months of medicine is rising rapidly, with the impact of the growth in US operations, the increase in Be’s share of operations, and the loss of laboratory operations.
As a result of its strategic collaboration with Japan’s cro, the company’s layout in the Asia-Pacific region has been largely completed, and it is ready to take over the international multi-centre clinical program with a high Māori ratio. From the moment it was listed, the company has been investing in domestic innovation projects through direct investment and fund-raising, and will gradually enter the harvest period in the coming years.
Continue to give an `enhancement' rating, taking into account the acceleration of the consistency evaluation policy, the improvement in the quality of major clinical orders, the continuous integration of subsidiary operations, the achievement of net profits of equity holders belonging to parent companies of $289, 390 million, 473 million each year, the equivalent of eps 0.58,
In Beijing, the high performance rate of 28 Sinrich Street, Beijing West Side, in 2018 is expected to continue with a certain valuation premium, which will continue to be rated as “upgraded.”
Hwang-hseng-hwan, Kikuji Road, No. 1,000, Fuhua, Fukuda District, and Free Trade Experiment, China.
17th Central China Sea International Center, 177th.
1. The overall industry climate is expected to continue to rise in the future, mainly due to three factors: 1. Be operations are expected to increase significantly, driven by the generic pharmaceutical consistency evaluation policy, which is the whole
The main policy drivers of the rising industry landscape are:2 and there is now an upward trend in the field of pharmaceutical research and development, especially in the area of domestic innovation, which is mostly home-grown, but they are not like traditional pharmaceutical companies with their own crores. They have only technology, especially technology.
In the context of the gradual introduction of the mah system, an increasing number of individuals are entering the field of drug research and development, but it is difficult for a person to cover all the chains of drug research and development, so that some of the extra-operational packages that he is not good at are becoming a major contribution to the future of the industry as a whole.
Factor: 3-cro industry has grown rapidly through rapid growth at the beginning of the twenty-first century, and slowly some pharmaceutical companies have started to take on clinical trials themselves, but after a few years, they have found that not only are they expensive to do, but clinical trials are not fast enough for themselves.
So some firms in the industry are back on their way to pilot outsourcing, and the penetration rate will continue to rise. In the light of the above, not only will the future industrial landscape of the cro industry continue to rise, but the growth of the industry is also expected to increase faster than the average in the pharmaceutical industry.
The average growth rate is now around 12%, at a low rebound rate, while the average harvest in the cro industry is still sustainable in terms of industry stability, as the country continues to grow older. And, from a flat point of view, because of the small volatility of demand in the pharmaceutical market.
There is a certain defensive function. The coro industry, as a sub-sector that is highly relevant to the pharmaceutical industry as a whole, is also able to achieve steady and sustained growth, without a contraction or significant fluctuations in the industry.
The whole industry is divided into pre-cro and cro, both of which, while in the cro industry, are more or less different.
Cro has a high technical content, but clinical trials are more successful when viewed from the point of view of the management of the project, the construction of the service node and the volume of operations. Each has the advantage of having barriers that are more difficult to replicate from the firm’s point of view.
The first is the company's combined strength, which is reflected mainly in the industry's full chain, with 33 subsidiaries covering all areas of clinical trials, not only pharmaceutical trials, but also clinical trials of medical instruments. This whole industry chain, on the one hand, requires a lot of money.
Second, the corporate services hub builds capacity. From a global perspective, Quintai has a global market share of 15%, and has long held the leading position in the industry around the world.
The placement of global service points also offers the advantage of an international multi-centre clinic. And companies have spent a great deal of money in recent years to complete the distribution of service points in the Asia-Pacific region, and can be said to have achieved the first step in the internationalization of the public sector.
In the country, there are now more than 70 web sites for company crc services, more than 50 web sites for medical department cra services, and funding for domestic networking, and hundreds of projects are embedded at all levels of the company's operations, thereby maintaining the network's staff.
Working in saturation is a very difficult task, compared to the fact that international coco giants, such as Kun Tai and Corvins, have only a wide network of services up the north. Thus, for the coro enterprise, the balance between the customer and the network is very high in terms of managerial capacity.
Figure 5: Global market access in the cro industry The company is hard to compare as a clinical experiment with a pre-cro company, but does have a strong technical content in a bed test cro enterprise. On the one hand, for an innovative drug,
70-80% of the successes and failures are at the clinical trial stage, so this is a very critical link, for example: our therapeutic hepatitis B vaccine, B.C., was a six-year vaccine project before the company took over its clinical trials and did not advance a phase, and three years after the company took over; and the company also did.
The first in the country to design co-cro-cro-clinics at the clinical trial stage, which in general requires a great deal of experience and great expertise, otherwise the high R & D costs invested in front of the client in which there is a problem will be reduced. On the other hand, in the case of iv-clinics,
The technology content of the company is largely concentrated on strong human resources, clinical resources and efficient management, with the company being rated the best global supplier by Mercerton United States Headquarters in 2015, although the company's project is only a four-stage clinical project after a drug has been put on the market, the company uses only three.
Over the years, in some 350 hospitals around the country, more than 10,000 patients were admitted, and the last layer of bed experiment data was passed to the company headquarters, with good experimental results, thanks to the efficient work quality of the employees and the opening of service points.
To sum up, the cro industry takes a long period of industrial accumulation and a combination of industrial chain systems. For an enterprise, technological strength is first and foremost a basic requirement, and more important than technological strength is the creation of the system as a whole. Looking at the way the company has grown since its inception, it is easy to find out that the company's business is
A step-by-step growth trend is taking place, with one layer of operational nodes moving forward, and one step at the same time balancing service node with volume. The quality of large clinical orders is expected to improve continuously.
1. edc improves the accuracy of the verification data and shortens the test cycle The edc prevalence rate in the company ' s clinical trials is gradually increasing, and in the case of the general large clinical project edc, the fee is 300,000, but this is non-compulsory and paper-based.
However, in terms of trends, more and more projects are now using edc in the country, at least all of the company ' s bec items being on edc, which is necessary from the point of view of verification accuracy, with the cost of edc for one be project at about 8 to 100,000.
The current client structure of the company, which is still dominated by an international pharmaceutical giant, is broadly divided into three areas: (a) an international pharmaceutical giant, with a business share of nearly 25%.
In addition, from the point of view of domestic innovations, companies have a market share of more than 50 per cent of domestic innovations.
3. The shift in corporate orders from quantity to quality, and the slow growth of the old orders, based on the company ' s new signing this year, is not expected to be rapid. The main reason is that the progress of clinical projects was hampered by verified events throughout last year, and contract recognition was delayed until the end of last year.
The implementation of the contract is faster than the growth. The rapid growth of the contract to be executed is not favourable to the company itself, because it portends that the company’s capacity is not being kept up, and that the projects that it can complete in three to three and a half years may be extended to three and a half to four years. In this case, the client’s satisfaction will be lower.
It's certainly the firm's own demand for three to three and a half years to complete a clinical project, but it's also a project implementation cycle that clients expect, not all of which can be done in three or three and a half years in the cro industry, and some of which can be done for six years. So, from a company's point of view, this year,
The increase in contract value will no longer be the company’s main objective. At the same time, the company has not, since last year, given the growth of contract orders as an important indicator to the bd sector, but rather expects to raise the level of individual single-order Māori rates, thereby effectively raising the company’s net interest rate.
Based on company history data, basically last year’s outstanding contract order was the second year of revenue. Except for the third instalment of contracts started in 2014 in cfda, which led to a low number of contracts pending at the end of the year: the growth of business income affected by verification slowed in 2016, and the number of contracts awaiting execution rose to the end of the year.
Nearly 2 billion dollars. So this year, even with a limited increase in the number of new orders, the number of contracts awaiting implementation at the end of the year will rise considerably. The company retains a one-year waiting period, mainly in connection with the performance week for the company’s operations, in which the entire operation is scheduled to be completed in three to three and a half years.
It's done that year, and the cmc and be operations are almost completed in one year. In this direction, the company's outstanding contracts are about the same as the total amount of revenue for one year, which is basically equivalent to the company's productive capacity.
The value of the outstanding contracts for self-checking of the impact of the verification is approximately 170 million yuan and the value of the pending contract for the services of the Department of Medical Services affected by the self-check verification is approximately 80 million yuan, and this portion of the order is expected to be gradually confirmed in the first half of next year. Figure 9: Ratio of contracts pending execution by companies affected by the self-checking event (as of July 2017)
▪ Uncompleted contract for the services of the Ministry of Medicine to be executed by 2016 (impacted by self-checking)  Uncompleted statistical analysis and contract for the income of the crc to be executed by 2016 (not affected by self-checking) III. Continuous integration of subsidiary operations and improved performance
In June of this year, Tetun Teri completed the completion of a “one-stop” service, with $8,480.5 million in business income attributable to the parent company and $3,349.98 million in net profits.
In the case of medical devices, the level of net profit in the past was more than 2 million per month in the case of registered equipment alone, which shows a contraction, mainly due to two factors: (a) the fact that the country did not use clinical trials as long as it was registered, so that many products were registered first, regardless of whether they were sold or not, at least at a cost of comparison.
Clinical trials are much lower. But now that the registration of medical instruments requires clinical work, some businesses start to see whether a product needs to come in, or register the product that has to come in first, and the rest push back, which leads to a decline in the entire industry ' s registered business.
2. In the field of medical equipment, the increase in the country ' s requirements for clinical trials this year has indeed been accompanied by an increase in the number of clinical trial contracts and a faster increase in the company ' s order contracts, but the clinical trial component has also been subject to Pcfda verification since last year.
At the strategic level of the company, the company’s management looked forward to it when it acquired it from Tae-hee Xinjiang in 2014.
There will be reforms, and last year the pace of reform has been accelerating, with more and more medical devices and cro enterprises established on a industry scale. While the future of the industry as a whole is promising, there is considerable uncertainty in time. So we expect that Tyton Terry will complete his performance this year.
The pressure on commitment remains high, but 80-90% of performance commitments are still approximate. On the other hand, the company’s completion of the Chetton Terry’s acquisition is not only a look at developments in the field of medical equipment overcro, but also a desire to integrate it further with the resources available to the company.
It includes not only its previous best record-keeping business, but also its clinical trials, which have been gradually developed since 2015. In particular, in 2016, the new Department of Clinical Assessment in Jetuntei Ray, the future of which is expected, though not currently in business.
It's a big deal, an evaluation of a product of about 300,000, but the feedback is very good, with a lot of business being done by old clients, and the future share of Jethrome Terry's assessment is expected to increase rapidly. In terms of the process, medical imports are registered, and the assessment is usually prioritized.
It's not clinical. If the results don't work, it's clinical trials. Moreover, a major part of the Cro industry chain -- the testing facility, which is expected to be set up in Hangzhou next year -- will be the first private testing facility in the country. In terms of progress, the lab department.
It's done, and it's now in its final certification phase, and it's gonna be able to get a certificate of certification from the entire laboratory system as soon as possible next year. It's believed that the establishment of the Tagger Institute will not only reduce the time previously queued at the official testing facility, but will also serve the company externally and contribute to the company's performance.
The continuous improvement of Tétón Terry's medical equipment chain will have a significant impact on the company's future medical equipment billings. The whole chain starts with the billing, the evaluation business is done. If the evaluation report is good, it will not be registered directly. If the evaluation report is not ideal, clinical trials will be required.
After testing the bed, the company's own testing facility will proceed quickly, save the waiting time, then submit it for registration, and complete the registration process. It can be said that the company has completed full coverage from the beginning of the industrial chain in the field of medical equipment to the end, creating a one-stop fast service for its clients, believing that as the business continues to grow.
The company’s core competitiveness will also become more evident. On the human side, there are more than 40 of the original Teg’s medical equipment team, together with more than 200 of Jetun Teri’s staff, and there are some 250 of the current personnel working on the medical equipment project.
Téton Teri’s current main business focuses on clinical trials, assessments, programme writing, and product registration. On the one hand, the client’s clinical trials are not done, but clinical evaluations are done; on the other hand, medical instrument ethics approval is slow, but planning for the previous period, such as the preparation of the programme, will continue, and in this way, will continue.
The company’s position on the acquisition of Korea’s dreamcis subsidiary, dreamcis, continued to lose 6 million yuan in the first half of the year.
Controlling the size of the company ' s workforce while keeping the existing corporate system as much as possible; and, on the other hand, improving the quality of integration, since the previous period involved a number of four clinical and five-year projects, which were largely at a loss, in order to complete the integration of the dreamcis and put it in a balance of gains and losses.
From a performance point of view, the company’s Korea subsidiary suffered a loss for the second year in a row, which had a greater impact on the company’s performance, while also increasing the risk of a loss of goodwill. Since the company did not sign a deal to bet on its performance, the loss of goodwill of the Korean subsidiary would have a direct impact on the company’s own net profit for the year.
But today, we still think that companies can get out of this, complete the layout of their future domestic clinical operations, especially the performance orientation of the international multi-centre clinical receivers to the acquired Korea subsidiary, dreamcis, which actually achieves a self-balancing gain or loss.
The concept of acquisition does not mean that it is expected to contribute more to the performance of the parent company. For Tag itself, the ultimate goal must be to serve the Chinese part of the international multi-centre clinical business, but to have a seat in the Chinese part of the international multi-centre clinical field, it needs to be laid out outside the country.
In the first place, the international multi-centre clinic is a necessary trend, with the second international multi-centre clinical phase to three, with the contract value of the international innovation drug being more than 100 million, while the domestic innovation drug will need at least 60-70 million from one to three, and the rest will be divided between Japan and Korea, for example, for example.
If there is no out-of-country layout, the company ' s main loss will be revenue and profits within China, and thus the main objective of the acquisition of off-shore crón is to stabilize its domestic market share, especially in future international multi-centre clinical shares.
Figure 11: Establishment and acquisition of the company's terminal area, overseas affiliates • Establishment of the United States East Coast Service Network — Teg Medical Science and Technology Ltd., Hong Kong
• Establishment of Tag Australia Ltd. — Establishment of the Korea Establishment of the Hong Kong Teg Medical Corporation Ltd. — Establishment of Taiwan Teg International Pharmaceuticals Co. Ltd.
• Acquisition of the United States company bdm Inc. Bdm Consultancy Co. Ltd.
• Acquisition of Fonda Pharmaceuticals Ltd. • Acquisition of Korea’s Dreamcis 3. Fonda’s Analysis of Rapid Increases in Net Interest Rates for Medicines
21.9%. There are three main reasons for this: (a) the Be experiment, which has a higher net interest rate, is primarily for revenue recognition, since the bioanalysis in the Be experiment is largely done by Fonda medicine, and if it is also responsible for the management of the monitoring project it receives, the final Fonda medicine has one.
In the first half of the year, almost 80% of the data was done by Fonda’s medicine. Van: 2; Fonda’s U.S. business is recognized to have accelerated this year, with an increase of 10-20%: 3; Fonda’s laboratory in the U.S. has been in a state of loss, and companies have temporarily cut it off in the first half of the year.
The impact on each other's performance has been reduced.
The current market is increasingly concerned about the advancement of the evaluation of pharmaceutical consistency and the release of the associated policy dividend, to the extent that it is considered to be the main reason for the rise in the climate in the cro industry, which, of course, is undeniable as a catalyst in the industry, but if it is listed as the only factor in the increase in the climate, it is even determined.
In the future of the entire cro industry and the future of Tag medicine, I think it's too much of a test. In the short term, the company's major clinical business accounted for about 44 per cent of the company's total revenues in the first half of the year.
Twenty-four percent of total business. That is to say, the revenue from a pharmaceutical consistency evaluation is only 10 percent of total corporate income. However, the introduction of a consistency evaluation policy is indeed the industry’s buffer against a larger impact on clinical trials. For companies, the short-term consistency evaluation policy has resulted in an increase in performance.
In the long run, the bulk of the company’s large clinical business has been structured in terms of both domestic and international innovations and imported re-introductions. At the same time, the company’s competitive advantage is mainly in the field of innovation medicine, services, and so on.
The development of the Web platform, globalization, and the layout of the entire industrial chain are the way forward for the company. Of particular concern is the implementation of the Decision on Adjustments to the Regulation of Imports and Drug Registration in October this year, which includes an international multi-centre clinical trial of drugs in China.
In the case of an international multi-centre drug clinical trial in China, after completion of an international multi-centre drug clinical trial, a direct request for the listing of a drug may be made: for an imported chemical.
For new medicines and innovations in the treatment of biological products, the requirement to obtain permission to be listed in the producing country or region where the pharmaceutical manufacturer is located abroad is to be removed; for applications for exemption from import clinical trials received prior to the issuance of this decision, submitted with international multi-centre clinical test data, if the requirements are met, approval may be granted. ]
The implementation of these policies will greatly accelerate the roll-out of new drugs for the international pharmaceutical giants in China, encouraging more and more international multicentre clinics to enter. Over the next three to five years, more and more international multicentres will take place in China, and more and more of them will take place in China.
The Division will take the lead in international multi-centre clinical operations and have a certain market share. It will also effectively mitigate the negative impact of the decline in future Be operations, which in itself will not have a significant impact on the company’s future performance, mainly because the company is already doing innovative drugs and advances.
The company's strategic layout, including all the industrial chains and service networks, is designed to compete with the international co-coupled giants, and the competitive market is concentrated in international multi-centre clinical operations.
Well, the same price and a higher Māori rate, even higher in some projects, will keep the company’s net interest rates up. In contrast, the company’s construction of its own domestic network is more than 70, and the company’s offer system is more competitive.
On the other hand, the price offered by the international cro giants is generally project-based, with a fixed fee per one done, which increases in the event of an unexpected increase in workload, which invisibly leads to budget changes for customers. For small and medium-sized cro firms in the country, most of the information is presented as a whole.
Prices, quotations, do not provide any list, which is part of the overall project contracting system. Tags are now between the two, first giving customers a detailed list of the progress and content of their work after the price has been completed, and second, not charging the clients for extra costs in the event of an unexpected increase in their workload.
2.be test offers remained stable and the project cycle was longer than expected.
But in fact, the company will receive a portion.
Be-orders for bioanalysis or clinical surveillance alone, which is more than 50% when revenue is recognized, basically a third of the hospital and a two-thirds of the company. If a complete be-project is 3 million, then the cost of the hospital is 1 million.
In addition, from the point of view of the stability of the Be trial offer, the company’s recently signed Be contract offer was largely stable, and it did not fall significantly as a result of the release of cfda’s 100 letter at the end of August to liberalize the management of the recording of medical institutions. Of course, the future does not preclude a decline in the amount of the contract.
However, the policy at the level of level II hospitals is now liberalized and there are some local drug authorities involved in training local hospitals through experienced cro companies like Tag, in the form of teledirection, but in fact it's difficult and problematic to do so.
More. As clinical trials are not a simple task, let alone a few previous training sessions, they can be mastered. So we estimate that a large-scale trial at level II or level III may take some time. But, from the point of view of medical resources, it did start in June this year.
There has been an increase in the number of projects, although hospital resources have increased, and the number of earlier projects is still relatively small, so it will depend on the saturation between the project and clinical resources, depending on whether or not the Bé trial offer falls later.
From the point of view of the net profit level of the Be project, the company’s net profit per complete standard be contract is about 700,000, a certain increase over the company’s initial expectations.be business revenue recognition is largely consistent with the company’s pre-existing large clinical business and is based on workload progress.
It was confirmed that, specifically, the confirmation was based on monthly completion, and from the time of completion of the Be trial, the company was initially expected to complete a complete be for about six months, but after almost a year, the actual completion was slower than expected, and it is now about 9 to 12 months before completion.
The main reasons for this are: (a) the tightness of clinical resources and the slow flow of hospital approvals; (b) the undesirable need to revise the design of programmes; (c) the need for some multinational enterprises to go through genetic clearances; and (d) the lack of proficiency in the business for companies, which is still relatively new.
The approval process, including ethics, will be further streamlined and accelerated with the release on 8 October of the observations of the Central Office and the National Office on Deepening Review and Approval System Reforms to Encourage Innovation in Medical Devices, and the “Self-Building Centre + Investment Hospital” will effectively expand clinical resources upon the completion of the Be trial.
The company, while developing cooperation with existing clinical institutions, is also working on a project to build a centre for clinical trials. The construction of the centre is now in its final stages, and it is expected that a pre-test will be carried out by the end of this year, with 100 additional hospital beds and more Be pilot projects.
In September 2017, the company, together with the Shanghai Tae Yong Enterprise Investment Partnership (the limited partnership), concluded an equity transfer and replenishment agreement with Hangzhou Xie Qian Kang Management Ltd. The concession of 49.47% of the shares in Hang Xi Xiaobo was completed. It is expected that the Kangpak Hospital in Hang Xiang County will become operational in mid-year, with an initial planning of 50 beds.
In terms of the type of drug in the company's Be project, the variety of the base drug “289” and the “289” catalogue required by cfda are essentially 50% each. In terms of the project referred to the review centre, 289 varieties are different and different.
This does not mean that 80-90 projects can be completed. Fifthly, international multi-centres, domestic investments in innovative medicines are in the harvest period.
1. The future of the international multi-centre lead companies The Asia-Pacific region, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Australia, South Korea, Singapore, Malaysia and the initial strategic collaboration with the Japanese co-firm in mid-year
From the point of view of the company’s strategic cooperation in Japan, the company also wants to achieve its own holdings. But the problem now is that the Japanese people are not very easy to accept, especially from the Chinese side.
On the other hand, not even a non-native Japanese cro division has been able to enter Japan to run its business as a whole, from the entire cro industry. So the company has to step back and seek relative stability. For international multi-centre clinical operations, it has almost never taken over before, but in industry.
The Māori rate should be higher than the current level of the company, which is the top of the industry chain in the cro industry, and, on the other hand, the reason for the relatively low cost of our labour.
The company’s workforce grew rapidly this year, growing by more than 700 people in the first half of the year, and is still scarce, especially in posts like the crc, where it is believed that the growth of the company’s workforce will continue to increase steadily in the second half of the year. From the point of view of workers’ wages, while wage levels tend to rise year by year, they are similar to those of transnational cla enterprises.
The company has been investing in the field of innovation medicine in the country since its listing, and from the point of view of the amount of investment, the company is not primarily aiming at the return on investment, but rather at pre-arrangement for targeting its customers.
For all these reasons, the market share of companies in the domestic field of innovative medicines has been quite high in recent years, accounting for about 50%. At the same time, the company, in keeping with the principle of prudent investment, has abandoned some of the high-risk items because it has a relatively strong knowledge of the field of innovative medicines through a large number of clinical trials.
Investment in innovative medicines is now becoming more influential, with some pe/vc funding going even behind companies. On the one hand, the barriers to innovation are high. On the other hand, it has only about one tenth of the chances of success on the market, and the low rate of success is mainly due to both factors, i.e., the target or transformation of the drug itself.
The combination is not good enough; two, even if the compound is good, it's hard to see, and the money can't follow, and even if it's late, it's likely to die because it's not enough. If there's a market, the money goes with the company to make a later investment, trust the company's professional judgment, that's how the drug works.
That's why some of the innovation companies have given up some of the original shares to the company's direct-forward consistency evaluation policy.
The implementation of the generic pharmaceutical consistency evaluation policy is less than expected to have an adverse impact on the volume of orders tested by the company, which could lead to fluctuations in the performance of the company. More mergers and acquisitions have been made by the company to open overseas operations and set up an international multi-centre clinical service, if the merger has taken place.
If the exchange rate continues to fluctuate, it is likely that this report will be produced in an independent and objective manner using information on legal compliance. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, is not, will not be, and will not be.
The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving this report, the reader with no business relationship with the company is not a client of the company, and the company does not have proper responsibilities. This report is confidential material of the company, such as this, without its public disclosure or consent.
The report is based on information that the company considers to be reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which are subject to change without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.