The South-West Securities Research and Development Center.
• Recommended logic: MVI innovation as a leading domestic flash chip and microcontrolr supplier to store +lot strategic layouts, to continuously accelerate product architecture optimization and product line refinements, and is expected to become storage chip-wide platform companies, with market space expanding. The company cuts to the dram track from liki storage.
Thirty-two mcus continue to infiltrate, with an expected growth rate of 25%, 28%, and 40% over the next three years. Noorflash rejuvenates another spring, and slcnand is on its way.
Thirty percent of the growth rate, with companies now operating at the third level of the world’s low-capacity noorflash, with a mid-to-high-end noor breakthrough imminent. Slcnand: Faced with a pressing demand from a contraction in supply, the company’s 24nm rate continued to grow, and its capacity doubled in 2019 (with an expected expansion to 5,000 pieces), is expected to become a new growth point in business.
The mcu benefits from downstream demand, and the Mcu buys and buys the logo to interact with people. The mcu, as the core zero component of the Internet, benefits from a wave of networked goods, with the Chinese market cagr at 12% for the next five years. The company, as the leader of 32bitmcu in the country, buys 1.7 billion micro-blogging machines to interact with each other, creating a "mcu-" for the age of the Internet.
Storage-sense interaction's integrated solution. With the further catalytic application of the Internet, the mocu is the inner core, combined with the advantages of storage, transmission, sensorization, etc., it is expected that the average speed of the mcu business collection will increase over the next three years, with heavy pounds going into the dram track, and the entire storage platform will emerge. In the big data age, the dram is in high demand downstream.
With a market size of $72 billion in 2017, the demand for drambit will continue to grow by 20% in the next four years. The company, working together, has already made production ahead of schedule by the end of 2018, with a 10% positive rate of optimism, with a maximum postpartum capacity of about 8% of the market, and a trillion blue sea drams will augur well.
Companies are committed to the risks of not performing as expected; the risks of dram being good and earning less as expected. 1 trillion easy innovations: domestic storage of scarce targets, growing space is opening up.
Micro-controls (mainly 32bitmcu) are now weighed into the action dram track, which is dedicated to building the country's only storage chip-wide platform. As the intelligent industry manufactures (industrial 4.0),
Artificial intelligence (ai) and object networking (iot) are constantly leading future market growth, and corporate products are widely used in various areas such as hand-held mobile terminals, consumer electronics, personal computers and perimeters, networks, telecommunications equipment, medical equipment, office equipment, motor electronics and industrial control equipment.
Fabless operate, Focus Chip Designs Micro-Innovation is a light asset design company, and the mode of operation is the Fabless model. The Fables mode refers to the crystalless round production line integrated circuit design model, whereby enterprises only design and sell integrated circuits, crystal round manufacturing, chip sealing.
The production chain, such as assembly and testing, is completed by professional crystal-crystal manufacturing, sealing and testing enterprises, and the company directly procures the product crystallization of the company’s design programme. The industry chain under the Fabless model is the result of a social division of labour, and the links between the chains are mutually reinforcing and interdependent.
Of which, the design is an R & D and design link with autonomous intellectual property rights and with core technological content, the sale of finished products, a marketing service chain that controls distribution channels, customer resources, and brands, all have a central and leading role in the industry chain, which is a source of original innovation and value creation in the design industry.
The product chain is important and corely competitive throughout the industry chain. Excellent strategic planning capacity.
The 2007 layout, which coincided with the financial crisis of 08 years, saw the withdrawal of the norflash pioneers, and the annual cycle of decline in the storage chip: the 2014 layout, which benefited from a massive increase in the storage industry in 2017;
In 2017, the layoutdram achieved zero breakthroughs in national production, and the entire platform for storing chips is emerging.2 Income continued to grow, Māori steadily increased, the main camp became prominent, and income grew steadily
The company’s main products are spinorflash and slcnandflash (smuggling chip) and 32bitmcu.norflash, the code-type flash chip, which is used mainly to store code and parts of the data and is widely used on pc boards, mobile phones, digital machine cap boxes, routers, home gateways, security surveillance products, smart home appliances, cars, etc.
Data flash chips, which are widely used in network communications, voice storage, smart television, industrial controls, roof boxes, printers, worn equipment, etc., while mcu products are widely used in industry and consumer-based embedding markets. Because of the wide use of storage chips, beneficial product R & D, changing supply and demand patterns, and industrial layout, corporate business earnings are growing year by year, with significant net return to the mother.
The annual compound growth rate of corporate business income reached 35.9 per cent in 2011-2017, with a significant increase in the Māori rate achieved in 2017, and with the continued expansion of the company ' s product lines, the continued expansion of applications, the optimization of the company ' s product structure and the increasing Māori rate.
In the first three quarters of 2018, the Māori rate was 38.4%, which remained stable compared to 2017. The net interest rate of the company followed the Māori rate and the sub-products showed that the Māori rate of the company ' s key product storage chip remained largely rising year by year, from 19.0% in 2011 to 37.6% in 2017, due mainly to the continued optimization of the company ' s products and a change in the pattern of supply and demand of the flash chip.
The Māori ratio of company mcu operations has been rising in recent years due to size advantages and cost controls, as well as rising downstream demand surges, with a Māori rate of 47.8 per cent in 2017.
By the third quarter of 2018, the company ' s R & D costs had increased to 140 million yuan, compared to 73.5 per cent and 8.2 per cent. For a long time, the company ' s research team had grown and stopped.
The team brought together a team of research and development personnel from the leading national microelectronics institutes, while introducing highly qualified experts from advanced international companies, providing unlimited incentives for corporate ownership and ensuring that technological products from companies are advanced and downstream demand leads to new growth.
3.1 Noorflash rejuvenates and springs, from the demand side, with a strong rise in emerging areas such as amoled, tddi, automobiles, industrial controls, acoustics, etc., and the relaxation of the application scenes, leading to a strong demand for noorflash.
There is a demand for rigidity in low-demand, high-performance areas, such as surveillance, industrial controls, auto electronics, and the Internet of things. Amoled penetration continues to rise. Amoled, known as the active matrix of organic light-emitting binoculars, also known as the magic screen. Amoled shows that technology is lighter, colorful, non-reliance on backlight sources, low energy consumption and softness.
It's good. It's widely used on high-end smart machines. After the three stars, China, Mi and Opo are using amoled display technology, and Appleiphonex is carrying amoled screen, and penetration rates are increasing.
There may be inconsistencies in the sub-output rate, which is the technical difficulty of amoled's mass production. For the time being, panels typically maintain consistency in the quality of the same subouteral panels through de-mura functions. But the de-mura code cannot now be integrated into the high-pressure driven ic, and it has to be extra-nor.
Flash stores the code needed for the de-mura function. In Fullhd, 8bit norflash is needed for storage, while qhd qhd is required for 16bitnorflash products. Therefore, when the amoled panel needs to increase significantly, the demand for norflash is bound to rise in synchronous fashion.
The increase in the penetration rate of the smart machine amoled will lead to an increase in demand at the middle end of the noorflash. According to idc, the global output of smartphones will continue to grow, reaching more than 1.6 billion in 2021, while the penetration rate of amoled in the smart machine will continue to rise. According to China ' s Industrial Information Network, the penetration rate of amoled will reach 49.4% by 2020.
Figure 14: Future global smartphone penetration forecast of 3.232 mcu ready for demand surges. Since 2015, Mcu downstream market network and auto high-speed growth have been taking place.
The twin concepts of big data artificial intelligence, whether small nodes for connection or sensor hubs for collecting and recording information, are mainly built on a mcu basis. As the core zero component of the object network and vehicle sensors, mcu’s needs are emerging and market size is growing rapidly.
In 2017, China ' s market grew at an accelerated rate of up to 12% in compound growth. The sales volume of China ' s mcu, which had reached 27.43 billion yuan, benefited from China ' s sustained economic growth and from rapid growth in applications such as networking, emerging medical electronics, new energy sources, etc. We believe that China ' s mcu market will continue to maintain a better growth trend. According to forecasts from the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, 2018-2023.
Series, labsefm8. As the tasks of the Internet era are complicated, the demands on computing capacity are increasing, prompting mcu to begin to move to 16 or 32 places for design, while the associated software development environment is upgraded to 32 places to provide more flexible development space. In terms of market share, 16 and 32 occupy the vast majority of the market, with 16 products in 2017.
In 2017, China had the highest share of consumer electronics markets, 36.0%; the faster increase was in automobiles and electronics, with a market share of 15.4%, ranked second. This was mainly due to China ' s role as the world ' s largest consumer electronics and computer manufacturing centre, with the domestic consumer electronics market on either scale or in size.
The rise of large market spaces and home-grown consumer electronics enterprises has given rise to a favourable growth environment for home-grown consumer electronics, and, in the context of national policy support for national production, domestic mcu enterprises are bound to move fast.
With 33% and 25% of applications, respectively, the country’s motor electronics and industrial control mcu growth space is larger in terms of the changes in the application pattern. Given the extensive use of 32 mcu in the auto safety system and the industrial control system, it is expected that the demand for 32 high-end mcu in the country will continue to grow at a high rate.
Assumption 1: supply and demand patterns and capacity expansion of corporate norflash products, with sales increasing by 17.6 per cent, 18.0 per cent and 35.6 per cent over the next three years, respectively: Māori rates have continued to decline over the next three years, at 36 per cent and 34 per cent, respectively, as a result of noor sellbacks; Assumption 3: Miculator products have maintained high growth rates and sales have increased by more than 35 per cent over the next three years: mcu at the same time
It should be 50, 39, 28 times the price. As a storage chip and microcontrolr supplier, we choose a chip, and as a comparison, we can compare the company with the company's full-minded technology, Will's shares, Penn's shares, the company's scarce headlines, the strong demand for national production substitutions, and the growth of performance brought about by the optimal product structure and improved product lines.
By way of valuation, we estimate the company’s risk of less than expected capacity expansion. The company’s capacity multiplier in 2019 significantly increased its position on the competitors’ markets, with the risk of less than expected capacity expansion:
(a) The risk of a lower-than-expected cycle of storage. The company benefits from a new pattern of supply and demand, with the risk of a significant decline in product prices when the cycle falls sharply;
15.80 billion yuan, representing 32.47 per cent of the total assets in the third quarter of 2018, represented a high level of goodwill. The net return profit achieved in Sili by January-October 2017 was only 2.23 million yuan, with the risk of impairment of goodwill due to a lack of business performance and performance commitments, thereby adversely affecting the immediate net profit of the XI innovation;
dram’s R & D and the risk of earning less than expected. Because the 19nm process is a cutting-edge process, it is difficult to climb with a high degree of technical difficulty and good quality, which in turn has a direct impact on actual production and product costs, and there is a risk that future profitability will fall short of expectations.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.