In the first three quarters of the North, cash flows increased significantly and cost-affected Māori dropped, leading to higher demand for gypsum boards, and higher national waste and coal prices put greater cost pressures on companies.
• Three-quarterly review of the North ' s new materials in 2021, q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 cash flow increased significantly in the first three quarters: 2,021 q3 = $5,797 million = equal. Net cash flow from operations in the first three quarters increased by almost 28 times compared to the previous quarter, mainly from the current period.
The cost pressure, or the main reason for the fall in Maori, is that q3 has been completed with a higher rate of increase than the price of the cardboard. However, the price of waste and coal has risen significantly in the last three quarters.
We believe that the cost increase is a combination of a decline in the company’s Māori rate, “one wing” and a rapid growth in the company’s own 400,000-megagram coverage.
The paper line is gradually being put into use, saving the cost of gypsum production, and the company's gypsum production is being improved, further service capacity is being improved, and if the data for completion continues to improve, it is expected that the gypsum industry will grow considerably in the future.
Enterprises, to further refine the "two wings" layout. The "one wing" goes hand in hand, and Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is not qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
Waterproofing operations affect the company ' s cash flow, and the increase in the price of gypsum boards is less than expected.
Incidents: The company issued the third quarter of 2021, which generated $15.92 billion in the first to third quarters, an increase of 31.5 per cent; the parent net profit of $2.72 billion, an increase of $35.7 per cent, an increase of eps1.61 per share. Of this amount, the company collected $5.79 billion, an increase of 12.5 per cent, in the third quarter alone; the parent net profit of $890 million, a decrease of 19.7 per cent; the eps 0.52 dollar share. The third quarter net profit of the company was a decrease in the parent ' s net profit.
Net cash flows from corporate operations in the three-quarters increased by nearly 28 times by $1.87 billion over the same period last year, mainly as a result of increased corporate income during the reporting period, a corresponding increase in sales returns and no settlement payments during the period.q3 Māori rates, a decline in net interest rates or mainly affected by rising raw materials prices: the combined Māori rate in the three-quarters alone was 28.3 per cent.
We believe that the increase in prices of raw materials during the reporting period or the decline in the company’s Māori rate are the main reasons for the slight decline in the Māori Rates in the three quarters. The higher rates of sale, management and R&D costs of companies in the three quarters compared to the same period in the previous year, with higher rates of sale, mainly due to the increase in sales of company-owned products and corresponding increases in labour costs; and increased corporate advocacy.
As a result, advertising costs increased.
Completion data have increased to a good-led gypsum demand: between the first and third quarters of 2021, the total area completed was 510 million flats, an increase of 23.4 per cent in 2020 compared to the same period of 2019, and an overall improvement of 9.1 per cent compared to the same period, with three quarters of the total area completed increasing at a similar rate, respectively, with greater cost pressure or a major reason for the decline in the Māori rate: average national waste prices and coal prices continued to rise in the third quarter, causing corporate discomfort.
Small cost pressure. The third quarter of 2021 increased by 19.3% over the same period last year, based on the average price of a class-a waste of yellowboard paper. The impact of this, the powerful paper industry in Shanxi and the date-palm paper industry, have increased their prices since October 12, and they have all adjusted their face, and the price of paper has increased by between $500 and $600 per ton. This is another increase after the sale of face paper on August 14 and 15, respectively.
Prices. Although the company was able to shift the price of the gypsum and decorating plates to a certain cost pressure again on August 15th of this year, we believe that the marginal effect of cost changes is greater than the marginal effect of price increases, leading to a decline in the company’s Māori rate in three quarters.
Figure 6. Average national waste and power coal prices continue to rise, “One Wing” in tandem with “One Wing” and fast-growing “One Wing, Global Layout” in support of high-speed growth. In 2019, the company proposed a strategy for “One Wing, Global Layout”
Planning for the expansion of the gypsum global production profile to around 5 billion square metres, coupled with a 1 million-ton dragon production profile, the expansion of the powder slurry operation capacity to 4 million tons, the expansion of the water defence industry base to 30 and the paint industry base to 20. Since 2020, the company has invested in the construction of the gypsum production line in various locations, including Hainan Oriental and Shandong Huaimin, to further refine the company ' s country-wide scope
The company issued a series of announcements in September 2021, announcing the acquisition of 30% of the remaining shares of the Sichuan sheep and raising the share to 100%; and the acquisition of the sum of the Dusset water and the Tianjin Sea of Otay, respectively.
With 70 per cent of the shares in water, the layout of the company's waterproof business has been further refined; with regard to the “paint wing”, in September 2021, the company acquired 49 per cent of Tianjin Lighthouse Paint Industrial Development Co. Ltd., which further enhanced the company's capacity to develop its paint business, allowing the company to achieve sustainable development on both the cast board and the waterproofing and coating wings.
The “one wing” goes hand in hand and looks forward to the company's future development: as the completion of the work has improved, with the demand for the gypsum, the company's own production of 400,000 tons of cardboards has gradually been put into use, saving the cost of the gypsum production, while the company's gypsum production can be improved day by day, and the company's 60% head of the gypsum industry is expected to grow significantly in the future. In addition, the company's waterproofing and painting operations are expected to grow.
The material business has been steadily moving forward, although the current share of revenue is small, but we believe that the establishment of a joint water-proofing company and a paint subsidiary, the ongoing acquisition of water-proofing and paint companies have all demonstrated the firm’s determination to develop both operations, as well as the company’s future development of water-proofing and paint operations.
New North Building