Overall performance has grown steadily, with laboratory services and cmc services now adjusted to a net profit of 756 million yuan, an increase of 9.50 per cent in the same year, and cash flows for operating activities of 1,408 million yuan, an increase of 28.06 per cent in the same year.
Corporate overall performance has grown steadily, with laboratory services and cmc services contributing the main increase. The ratio was more than 55 per cent. In 2025, h1 laboratory services were involved in 795 drug discovery projects. 641 intermediates, of which 23 were in the process validation and commercialization phase and clinical iii phase projects
Twenty-one projects, 188 clinical-problem projects, 409 preclinical projects, including 89 clinical pilot projects, 389 clinical pilot projects and 549 other clinical pilot projects. Over 1,700 corporate smo services in 2025.
4) Molecular and cellular and gene therapy services: operating income of $211 million in 2025 h1, which is almost equal; Māori rate - 54.7 per cent (deficit), plate in the initial business expansion phase, and mass cdmo platform in 2024 q2, which results in operating costs and discounts
In the same period last year, the four major business plates were well run, with laboratory services and cmc services receiving from the company Cadastre Securities Inc.
The revenue of large mnc clients has increased significantly and Chinese customers' demand has begun to warm up.
By client type: in 2025, H1 added over 480 clients, contributing 1.28 million yuan, or 47.98 per cent, or 18.13 per cent, from clients of the world ' s top 20 pharmaceutical companies; in 2025, H1 contributed $5,273 million, and the same amount.
Regional distribution: H1 income from North American clients in 2025 amounted to $4.07 billion, and summary: in 2025, H1 balanced demand increased across regions, domestic customer demand began to warm, and the demand of large mnc clients, represented by global top20, increased significantly.
\triangleright Risk factors: geopolitical and tariff uncertainty risks: insufficient financing in the biomedical industry \triangleright
Market Commissioner, with excellent professional background in pharmaceutical chemistry and experience in operating the pharmaceutical market, has been employed in a wide-ranging career; B.A., five years of research experience in the pharmaceutical industry; and in 2024, joined the Sinda securities, covering mainly medical services, cxo, life.
Scientificly advanced, Chinese medicine, etc., has been employed in Fangzheng securities, joined in 2023, and is responsible for research in areas such as medical equipment, in vitro diagnosis, icl, etc.
In 2023, he joined the CSP, covering Chinese medicines, pharmaceutical businesses, pharmacies, and credit securities.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.