Conlonshoschen, through fda on-site inspection, the quality system has been brought into line with the international community, and the commercial production quality system has been successfully brought into line with the United States fda on-site inspection.
Following an on-site inspection in April 2025 by the Ningpo Raw Materials Production Workshop through the United States fda, the recent company, Conlon Shaojing, Commercialized Raw Materials Production Base, first inspected through the United States new fda drug, marked the international integration of the corporate quality system and the continued availability of innovative commercial drug supplies for the United States and the global market.
The 2025h1 company achieved operating revenues of $6,641 million, an increase of 14.9 per cent over the same period; as the global biopharmaceuticals industry is gradually recovering, the 2025h1 company has increased its new orders by more than 10 per cent over the same period. Given the firm ' s new firm-run robust growth, the production quality system has continued to gain international access.
It is recognized that we maintain the original profit projections, and that the net return profits for the period 2025-2027 are expected to be the global distribution of the company’s production capacity, and that the four large api production bases have all passed fda inspections to support future performance growth. There are 21 R & D centres and production bases (11 overseas) in China, the United Kingdom and the United States.
Previously, the company ' s four commercial manufacturing bases for raw materials in China, England and the United States had been acquired in May from the United States of America ' s drug production base in Coventry, as well as the Ningpo and Shashing production bases, which were inspected in 2025 through the current site of the fda. In the future, the company will also continue to build a second-generation capacity in Shao Xin.
By 2025h1, the company was working on a construction project of 2,610 million yuan, with capex projected to be around 2 billion yuan for the entire year of 2025, and the continued expansion of capacity will strongly support the company’s future performance growth.
In the first half of 2025, the laboratory services received $3,892 million, an increase of 15.5 per cent.