Industrial and commercial soundness, keeping an eye on industrial micro-organisms and medicine in China (000963.sz)
To overcome the volatility of the external operating environment and achieve robust growth in the pharmaceutical industry and commerce, we acknowledge the steady and rapid growth of all core products throughout the year, moving away from the effects of aggregate price reductions, and the smooth growth of the pharmaceutical industry and commerce.
(ii) Medical commerce: 25,553 million yuan (+10.55 per cent) in revenue collection, integration of resources into organizational structure, expansion to product agents and transition to high-end cold-chain logistics. To date, 11 regional affiliates (covering 11 municipalities + 90 districts) have been established in Zhejiang province.
In 2022, the company earned $1.915 billion (+91.11%), including: 1) International Medical and American Business: Sinclair.
Pound1 billion (+245.95 per cent) for the first time to achieve annual operating profits, mainly from overseas markets, with faster growth in income from core injecting products (ellansé, continued hot sales, maili190 per cent, lanluma44 per cent).
Entered the ebd market in the United States, achieved over-expected growth, and launched energy in Europe at 23q1 with a relatively deep 300-sculpt &shape-based new equipment.
At home, there are more than 1,100 certified doctors. In terms of listed products, the llansésé continues to maintain a high level of market interest.
The multifunctional skin management platform préimedermafacial was listed in the country in 2023, the bipolar radio frequency resistance device “Rayai” started to be sold in the country, and the e-mailstreme and ellansém have been selected and followed up.
Strategic deployment of industrial micro-organisms, building leading technology and production capacity. In 2022, industrial micro-organisms generated $510 million (+22%) in sales of industrial micro-materials, establishing innovative drugs (nucleic acid &adc drugs) raw materials/pharmaceuticals & intermediates/high health & medically fine materials/ pets moving materials/specific biological materials.
In each of the five main directions, the three micro-organisms R & D platforms in China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China
Strong R & D paves the way for innovation transformation. In 2022, the cost of corporate R & D was $1,016 million.
The annual sales cost rate of 16.80 per cent (+1.10 pct), the management cost rate of 3.31 per cent (-0.07 pct) and the increase in the cost rate and the Māori rate are mainly due to the increase in the share of industrial and medical American operations.
Investment proposals: The company is a large, integrated pharmaceutical company that combines pharmaceutical research and development, production and distribution, the rapid development of micro-organisms in the United States of America and industry, the maintenance of a healthy pharmaceutical industry and business, and the transformation of innovation that provides the imagination for the company ' s medium- and long-term development.
I. The pharmaceutical industry and business are sound and industrial micro-organisms and medical and aesthetics are growing at a high rate of revenue of $37.715 billion in 2022, an increase of 9.12 per cent over the year and a net gain of $2,499 million for the mother.
Long 19.20 and operating cash flows of 2,382 million, a decrease of 24.86 per cent, compared with the previous year. Figure 2: China’s recent net profits and growth in medicine (millions of dollars) shows a decline in the share of business and an increase in the share of manufacturing and medicine.
Figure 5: China’s recent commercial collections and growth in medicine (millions of yuan) Figure 6: China’s recent collections and increases in medical and American operations (millions of yuan) 1. The pharmaceutical industry: US$ 11,244 million in sales revenue (including cso operations) in 2022.
All core products have been growing steadily and rapidly, moving away from aggregate price reductions, breaking growth bottlenecks, and successfully completing the company ' s 2022 involvement in multiple drug collections, health-care negotiations and payment end reforms such as drig/dip. Positive results were achieved: China, China, Middle-Integration Portfolio Union purchases in the north of the Mid-Lamp Lake, with rapid growth in sales after landing; and 100 tons of rubber.
The National Health Insurance Directory has been successfully renewed with cystic and akapo chewing chips, and has the seventh batch of medicines been procured centrally for the McCorb ester capsules, the platinum platinum tablets and the Xiambohua Xi ambohua Xi Xi Xi, and the multi-provincial coalition of selenium sodium sulfium injectors has been completed.
Access to markets and online platforms has been particularly effective in increasing out-of-hospital market coverage and market share. Optimizing organizational structures to integrate resources, expand product agents and transform high-end cold-chain logistics, 11 regional affiliates (covering 11 municipalities + 90 districts) have been established in Zhejiang province, 90 per cent of mainstream pharmaceutical enterprises in the country and abroad, and cold-chain logistics distribution operations are in place
In 2022, the company ' s pharmaceutical business product became fully owned and the Chinese pharmaceutical supply chain warehouse became fully operational, opening up the province ' s two-silo distribution model; out-of-court market inputs continued to grow, building a regional operating platform in Dongyang, further contributing to raising the share of the province ' s market; and corporate management promoted centralized management and improved efficiency, with human resources gradually turning to the innovation panel.
1 International Medico-American business: Sinclair raised £135 million, an increase of 76.90 per cent, or RMB 1,144 million. ebitda’s £23 million, an increase of 245.95 per cent, is the first annual operating profit. Foreign market demand is strong.
Income from core injecting products grew faster, with llansé maintaining high sales, mailié product income increasing by 190% over the same period, and lanluma product income increasing by 44% over the same period. In February 2022, Sinclair cut into the U.S. market of ebd through the acquisition of U.S. viora, achieving a higher-than-anticipated growth and launching 23q1 in Europe of new energy source equipment sculpt&shape.
The U.S. market registration program for maily products was launched in 23q2; billions of dollars, more than 500 hospitals were contracted and more than 1,100 certified doctors were certified. With regard to marketed products, the ellansésé continues to be in place compared to the one that was approved at the end of the year.
The two-polar radio-frequency anti-degenerative equipment “Rai” programme began to be marketed in the country in 2023, and the testees of the maili extreme and ellansém have been included and followed up.
Figure 8: Industrial micro-organisms, mainly listed by the company and in the research and development phase, medical U.S. energy-source equipment products.4 Industrial micro-organisms: In 2022, the company ' s industrial micro-organisms achieved sales revenue of $510 million (+22 per cent), establishing innovative drug (nucleic acid &adc drugs) raw materials, pharmaceutical raw materials & intermediates, health & medical raw materials, pet protections, specialty students
In the five main directions of material, three micro-organisms research and development platforms have been established in China and China, and six industrial bases have been established, namely, the Hangzhou Xiangzhou Bridge/Pond Xinyang Xiaoyang/Giang Su-yang/Miki Health/Micah High School/Hung Hu Hua Yin. There are currently more than 130 separate research and development projects in the corporate industrial micro-organisms sector, mainly in xrna and Xrna.
17 items of innovative raw materials, including adc (sub-item 71), 30 items of pharmaceutical and intermediate raw materials, 18 items of high health and medical materials, animal health, biological materials, and others.In May 2022, the holding subsidiary, the Bio-Investment, established a fully-owned subsidiary, beneficial organisms, applying synthetic biology techniques
Development of a series of industrial catalytic enzymes and associated biocatalyst downstream products; In July 2022, the People ' s Government of the Conghua East, Hangzhou City and Zhejiang Industrial University jointly formed the China-dong Institute of Technology for Synthetic Biology Industries to conduct research on technological innovation and industrial transformation around intelligent biomanufacturing, based on synthetic biology technology: August 2022, completed by the company
In 2022, industrial micro-organisms completed the first phase of their technical adaptation in the US High School of Technology, and started work on the work of the Maggie Health Phase Project, the production line for Xiaoyang biological anti-infection products, and the construction of pharmaceutical laboratories for high-activity raw materials.
II. Strong R & D paves the way for innovation transformation, structural adjustment to Mäori and cost levels. Figure 12: Number, speed and proportion of research and development personnel in Chinese medicine in recent years. By the end of 2022, companies were working on 83 pharmaceutical projects, of which 52 were innovative products and bio-like drugs.
Phases 5 and 3 in the clinical phase. In 2022, the company succeeded in incubating microbities from its fully-owned internal subsidiary, building two core technical platforms for microweight groups and emblem delivery, and forming new technology platforms such as protac, antibody drug puppets (adc), ai ancillary drug discovery (aidd).
In our view, the innovative types that the company may be listed in the last two years include: 1adc drugs (for fr-α-positive ovarian cancers): bla applications are expected to be submitted during the year; 2 mivatoni (for late stage non-small cell lung cancers): overall iii clinical subjects have been integrated and are expected for the second half of the year.
(b) 3rcalyst (introduction product for treatment of the circulatory syndrome associated with cold cylindrical syndrome): it is expected to be submitted officially to the country ' s bla application in 2023;
(a) 4hd-np-102 (assembly of drugs to measure the filtration rate of kidney balls): completed equipment approval, submitted drug applications this year, scheduled to be submitted by China's pre-nda in April 2023;
6 Uscono resistance (bio-like drugs): iii clinical trials have been completed and have reached the main end of the study, and 23q3 is expected to deliver 7bcmacar-t (repeated, difficult to treat multiple osteoporomas): 22 years have passed and are expected to submit applications in the second half of 2023, figure 14: research and development pipelines in the area of endocrine and immunization of companies
The increase in Māori and Māori rates is mainly due to the increase in the share of industry and medical and aesthetic services, which rose in 2022 to 30.93 per cent, respectively, as shown in figure 17: Chinese medicine sales, management and R & D costs in recent years. Figure 18: Māori rates and net interest rates for Chinese medicine in recent years
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.