{\cHFFFFFF}{\cH002028} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00002028} performance forecast. {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FFFF} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FF00}
Cheka Fai, Research Assistant, Che Chul Dynasty.
During the 14th Five-Year Period there was a steady increase in investment in the grid, and we expect structural growth opportunities under the “new power system context” for super-high voltage, network intelligence, dispatch, storage, etc. In 2022, the grid was planned to invest $501.2 billion, an increase of about 6% compared to the previous year, and the investment was historically high, reflecting a countercyclical shift in the grid.
In this context, we expect to invest in super-high pressure, grid intelligence, dispatch, storage, etc.
▪ Overstocking of orders at the beginning of 2021, structure of epc overseas, high side elasticity of power generation, overall robust growth of the network, high structural growth of the new product category. 1) Total: Companies collected $8.70 billion in 2021 (excluding taxes). 2) Structured: 1. Overseas epc packages dominated by Asia and Africa, Europe
In the medium and long term, with the rapid growth of new energy engines + incompetence, I am expected to increase my share.
4. The rapid growth of coil products, with the steady expansion of transformer production, access to national networks, side-power generation and overseas products in national network tenders.
▪ In the context of the 2021 increase in raw materials prices, the reverse trend in net home country interest rates reflects stronger corporate governance: performance against expectations, operating profitability projections and investment ratings: we basically maintained the company's net home country profit for 2021-2023.
Midpoint rating: high number of switches, coil-type products, rating: 21 years of business at sea and in the interior ring + 13.0 per cent; net profit return to mother +322 million, +219.6 per cent, ring + 0.8 per cent, performance report is in line with our expectations
During the 14-year period there was a steady increase in investment in the grid, and we expect structural growth opportunities under the “new power system context” for super-high voltage, network intelligence, dispatch, storage, etc. After entering the 14-year period, the big grid was nearing completion, and the new Chairman, Shin, proposed $350 billion ($2.2 trillion) to boost power during the 14-year period.
In 2022, the grid was planned to invest $501.2 billion, an increase of about 6% over the previous year, and the investment was historically high, reflecting the countercyclical regulation of the grid, its “stable growth” attributes. New energy sources, especially distributed energy, are connected to large-scale grid access, new load growth, and a correspondingly large amount of electricity.
In this context, we anticipate that investments in sub-equipment will be tilted in the direction of super-pressure, network intelligence, dispatch, storage, etc. The orders were overstretched at the beginning of 2021, the structure of the offshore epc, power side elasticity, robust growth of the network as a whole, and new.
2) Structure: 1. The overseas bpc package is dominated by Asia and Africa, European post-epidemiological orders are back on the rise, US sub-products are breaking out, and we expect a sharper growth in 2021; 2. In the case of uncompensated products on the side of power generation, the market for public svg products is the leading country, but despite a slight decline in the bidding volume of 2021h1svg, the 2021h2 is back.
In the medium-to-long term, with the rapid growth of new energy loads + the share of incompetence compensating for them, expand and sustain faster growth, with Gis moving towards high voltage levels and overseas, and growing sharper: 4. The coil product is growing faster, with transformer production expanding steadily, the country’s network, power side and overseas markets blooming more and orders growing more;
In the context of raw material price hikes in 2021, the reverse interest rate of the parent rate reflects the company’s relatively strong management capacity.