The medical team has outperformed its performance and looks forward to future operations.
1. “Performance growth over expectations, looking forward to long-term corporate development — 39 p.m. 2. “Performance growth over expectations, looking forward to further growth in the fourth quarter” — 39 p.m.
The net profit of the mother is 2,219 million yuan, and the adjustment has been +19.75 per cent before and after the year.3 " Income growth is as expected, brand power is driving the company ' s long-term development - China Yuzo net profit of 497 million yuan, an increase of 62.4 per cent (before the adjustment).
The company relies on brands like 999, leading to an increase in the sale of chc products. In 2022, the Chc Health Consumers Business achieved operating income of $11.38 billion, an increase of 22.73%.
Rehabilitating slow-diseases has expanded throughout the field, increasing core business and the influence of the 999 brands, while buying Quan Pharmacy will add to the traditional Quintino 1381 drug brands, and we appreciate the future potential and profitability of the company.
Business structures continue to be optimized, and plate development is gradually warming. The company’s prescriptions cover a number of treatment areas, such as heart, cerebrovascular, and in 2022, the company’s prescriptions generated operating income of $5,976 million, an increase of 7.19 per cent.
The development of the future prescription drug plate is expected to resume as the formulation of the granular provinces continues to progress in the preparation of the sites for the production of national and local standards, and as in-hospital consultations and academic outreach activities are restored in an orderly manner.
In 2022, the company invested $736 million in research and development, and the share of new products in research and development increased significantly. The company insisted on a combination of collage, product layout and research around strategic areas such as anti-cancer, osteoporology, skin, breathing, and anti-infection.
In addition, the company is focusing on innovation in Chinese medicine transmission and is currently working on more than 20 classics.
Product collection risks; increased risk from competition; under-programming of products; price limits for health-care products; risk; risk of changing brand value; risk of price fluctuations in raw materials; risk of impairment of goodwill; analysis of rating ratios for relevant reports in the market
Within a week, within a month and in February.