With the rapid growth of the Chc operation, the prescription drug operation is expected to meet in the future with a net cash flow of $3.00 billion from Camp activities as compared to the same period of the previous year (adjusted)
chc has grown rapidly, and core products have been growing steadily. In 2022, Chc's healthy consumer goods generated operating revenues of $11,384 million, an increase of 22.73 per cent over the same period.
In addition, in the third and fourth quarters, the policy weakened, so core products 999 flu, 999 strong force, 999 antivirus oral fluids grew rapidly throughout the year; skin area, skin inflammation packs, design upgrades and digital platform exposure, 999 reds, green suits fast.
Rapid growth; in the area of stomach medicine, the expansion of product coverage through the new media; in the field of paediatrics, branding and on-line layout drive the growth of product sales; in the area of high-health operations, the focus is on-line, with rapid growth; and in the area of rehabilitation of slow diseases, although affected by clustering.
During the first half of the year, overall performance remained robust, looking at the growth of performance brought about by the semi-annual shift in standards and business push, the acquisition of drugs, and the synergy of resources for long-term development.
Prescription operations were slowed down by effects such as formulation granule operations. In 2022, the prescription drug operations achieved a quarterly over-predictable profit and cost structure were further optimized. Operating income was $5,976 million, an increase of 7.19 per cent over the same period.
For the first time, the impact of the switch and the pace of the schematic thrust of the formulation granular operations has been negative, the number of patients in hospitals has declined, and the expansion of academic activities in some areas has become more difficult. Companies have increased core competition in the formulation granular operations by speeding up standard filings and switching, consolidating and expanding markets, etc.
At the same time, the company’s drink business also grew rapidly in 2022, contributing to the country’s drug business revenues.
A major asset acquisition of 28% of the drug shares, both of which are related to the development and branding of the 3-7 industries, yellow and yellow. In the development of new products, the company revolves around anti-cancer, osteoporosis, skin, breathing, and resistance.
In strategic areas such as dyes, product layout is accompanied by improvements in endogenous competitiveness and product penetration in the areas of medium- and pharmaceutical heritage innovation, branding, digitalization, etc. Māori is hampered by prescription drug operations, optimized use of marketing costs, and increased net profitability.
As a result of higher sales of lower Maori flu drug varieties and higher costs of raw materials other than the cold, the Māori rate for long-term look-at-chc operations is expected to remain stable; the decline in the Māori rate for prescription drugs is mainly due to the higher cost of formulation particles and an increase in the proportion of drug-drinking businesses in low Māori operations.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: The company is a leading otc firm, brand and innovation two-wheel drive, rooted in the company's brand advantage, expansion of the network of end channels, and future Chinese pharmaceutical formulation granules with the hope of recovering growth and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Risk factors: collection of higher-than-expected risk of price reductions, less-than-expected risk of innovation research and development, wind of merger and acquisition consolidation, risk of upstream price volatility of raw materials