The profit growth rate is higher than expected, looking at China's long-term profitability.
\triangleright \triangleright \ 4-quarter demand is growing fast. \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \
The high sales of cold medicine and formulation particles drive the year-round profit ahead of expectations. At the same time, the sale of formulation particles in the prescription plate is expected to improve by adding 2021q4 to the low profit margin.
\triangleright Switches, provincial markers, etc., are limited, and provincial policies vary considerably. Currently, the documentation of the new state-marked particles is almost complete, the sales of products are expected to improve, and the company, as one of the first six pilot companies, is on the line.
Investment proposals: The company is a leading company in the country’s otc brand + channel, “999” brand recognition, research assistant Song Xiaoqin’s high level of recognition and high end-of-product pharmacy coverage.
1. Trinity review: \triangleright \triangleright 2. 3 q3 q2 2022 (000999.sz)
Q: q3 strong growth, long-term appreciation of the brand ' s Chinese medicine - 2022/3. Hua Yu 39 (00099.sz) semi-annual report, 2022
4. Tribute Review of the case in Hua Yun (000999.sz): signing of a further cooperation agreement for the implementation of the Strategic Cooperation Agreement, and cutting into the nursing products market for the great health poles-20 5. In-depth report in Hua Yuan (000999.sz): scarce goods
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.