q4 perform well and achieve rapid growth in core business
This represents an increase of 16.31%; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies is 2,449 million yuan, which is a positive increase in corporate q4 performance. Companies achieved operating income of 5,969 million yuan in the fourth quarter of 2022, an increase of 41.42% in the same year; and the net profit attributed to shareholders in listed companies was 496 million yuan.
Research Assistant: Xie Hung, the company maintains a high rate of growth in its operations in the fourth quarter. The net profits, whether from revenue collection or maternity, are in line with the rapid growth of the chc healthy consumer goods business, which affects the formula particle operation.
In the first half of the year, the sale of cold and cough drugs was affected by a policy of restricted sales, and sales remained stable in the third quarter as the end-of-service sales were managed through increased online channels and through initiatives such as the development of a rapid response under the line.
In 2022, 999 flus, 999 strong exposures, 999 anti-virus oral fluids were growing rapidly, leading to new retail outlets such as 020.
In the case of large health operations, while maintaining the stability of the offline market, the emphasis is on the market, and the products on the line are growing rapidly. In the case of the rehabilitation of slow diseases, the company continues to strengthen its academic research and response to the adaptive problems of the 999 blood-stuffed soft capsules in the brain, coronary heart disease, etc.
With more clinical evidence to enhance product power, with high-value products and services, patients are assisted in the effective management of slow diseases and the construction of slow-disease management platforms.
In January 2023, the Quan Pharmacy Group completed its work on the board of directors, the Supervisory Board, and the Quin Pharmacy Group's shareholders were changed from Wally Medicine to Hua Yu. The Quan Pharmacy Group and Quan Yu have good synergies in brands, products, channels, etc.
The "Kun-China 1381" brand has been created, mutually empowering and synergistic. Pe is 19 times and 17 times, respectively. The company, as a leader in the country's self-diagnostic field and as a particle of Chinese medicine formulations, has a long line of company products, and the "999" brand is available to both consumers and the pharmaceutical industry.
With a high degree of recognition and strategic orientation, sustained efforts to strengthen innovation research and development, improve innovation systems and mechanisms, and enhance innovation transformation capabilities, future performance is expected to sustain steady growth. Maintaining the risk of rising prices for public and Chinese pharmaceutical raw materials, etc.
“Positive” investors are only suitable for the use of “middle- and high-risk” studies, and “radical” investors are suitable for the use of the various categories of our Department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is not regulated by their respective business departments, issuers, listed companies, and funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report and have not used the publication.