The transformation of wealth management is underestimated, and the advantage of management leads to an overvalued premium, Eastern Securities (600958.sh) - Eastern Securities First Cover Report
• The transformation of wealth management is underestimated, asset management advantages lead to a high revaluation of premiums, companies rely on Eastern red and remittances to enrich their brands, capital management advantages are evident, companies are engaged in a transformation of wealth management as early as 2015, business models are constantly changing, and so far the transformation has worked well and is competitive in the long run.
In the era of public fund-raising, companies made a higher contribution to corporate profits in the 2020’s, and static financial advantages were highlighted. Re-evaluated separately from other businesses, companies still have 94% dynamic revaluation premiums.
Listed on the market, companies have two major high-quality asset management companies, with Eastern credit management and enrichment, and policy support or equity asset management: pre-emptive advantage, rising profit contributions in the public fund-raising era, corporate capital management, including bond management, public fund-raising, private equity investments, and significant operational advantage.
From 2017 to 2020, companies ranked first in the industry in terms of revenues from corporate management operations.
The company brings money to fund operations through alliances, from 2015 to 2021q1, to a steady increase in the stock market ratio, and in the years of public fund-raising, it is expected that the contribution of Eastern red and remittances to profits will continue to rise.
Based on the asset-side advantage of the company, the momentum for the transformation of wealth management is strong, with the transformation of wealth management ahead of 2015, the business model is constantly changing, with the promotion of the corporate structure, operating systems, eco-building, talent development, etc.
In the future, the contribution of corporate wealth management is expected to increase as the transformation of wealth management deepens.
1.1. Fragmentation of the equity structure and stronger incentives
The first shareholder is an equity group, with a more decentralized equity structure. The company’s equity structure is fragmented and devoid of real control. The first shareholder is an equity group, with a 25.27% shareholding, with no more than 5% shareholding except for the HSG and the Hong Kong Central Settlement (intergenerational).
The company has a number of subsidiaries, assets management operations, ownership of shareholders, ownership of 35% of the transfer, and control of shareholders’ equity capital, creation of new equity investments, etc.
In 1997, he was the Deputy General Manager of the company, experienced, and spent more than 20 years in the company, with the rest of the executives working longer, experienced more professionally, and a stable team of corporate executives as a whole. Under the Stakeholder Scheme, incentives are strong.
The collection process, which was completed in December, brought together 66 million shares in company h shares, representing 0.942 per cent of the company ' s total stock stock, representing 6.41 per cent of the company ' s stock, and a total of 3,588 participants in the company ' s workforce plan, accounting for 57 per cent of the company ' s total, with high employee coverage and strong incentives under the employee holding scheme.
Table 4: Corporate implementation of the SIP 1.2, SMR high, industry upper echelons, SMR high. Total assets, net assets, net capital of companies in 2020
The industry ranks about 12 and is generally stable and upstream in the industry. In terms of the sub-business income rankings, the public sector has a prominent position in managing business, with companies in the first place in the industry from 2017 to 2019, with a seat in the trading unit, rental net income rankings slightly higher than the corporate business ranking, replacement financial revenues and volume rankings, and investment.
Performance grew faster, with net interest rates and net interest differentials delaying the roe level. As a result of the macro and market downturns in 2018, corporate revenue fell, the market rebounded since 2019, the company performed more resiliently, and the net profit returns were both positive and positive.
At a faster rate of growth, in 2020 and 2021q1, the net return profit was higher than the industry by +19 per cent/+36 per cent, respectively, with net interest rates and net interest differentials from the roe being lower than the industry average, delaying the rise in the roe.
Roe as a whole is lower than the industry average, with companies reducing their net profits by more and less in 2020 (with high employee incentives leading to higher management rates). Corporate workers ' remuneration as a percentage of management costs is higher, with annual per capita remuneration of 800,000 yuan in 2020, compared with their counterparts, where average per capita wages were higher than those of the head voucher and higher employee incentives in 2020.
With higher management rates, the net interest rate of the company is in part affected, but at the same time it is in the interest of the company’s talent to bring in, with the cost of the liability to a certain extent delaying the net interest differential. In 2018, the rate of return on the company’s own investment was lower than the industry’s average, resulting in a partial drag on the net interest margin.
At the average of listed companies, light capital operations benefit from the company’s rise in roe levels. 1.3. Risk clearance, light-loading readiness, constant risk clearance, and future light-loading.
Figure 10: Depreciation of Eastern securities predominantly during phase III, no credit impairment, phase III credit impairments have occurred throughout the life cycle2 Asset management: characteristic business with clear prior advantage
The management of the business comprises three majorities, bond management through the proprietorship of the wholly-owned subsidiary, fund management through the 35.41 per cent shareholding and enrichment fund as the first major shareholder, and private equity investment fund management through the fully-owned equity capital of the wholly-owned subsidiary.
The management business is a company-specific business with a relatively high share of income, with the first non-fund management company to obtain a public licence plate in 2013-2017.
Management of business qualifications, the first pooled fund management operation in 2005, with the birth of the “Orient Red” brand, became the country's first bond-coupling management company in 2010; with the liberalization of the PGF business license, the first non-fund management company to obtain a PGF licence in 2013 became the first to obtain a PFP licence, with an early and clear advantage.
Fig. 14: E.S.A. is the first C.I.S. subsidiary in the industry, first to start a pool asset management business, to be the first in the industry to be made public.
It's an issue of the Eastern Red 1 collection, the securities fund management, the "Orient Red."
As a result of the non-fund management of business qualifications, brand names became the first Chinese certifier in the country.
The company’s investment team is composed of nearly 100 professionals and includes a wide range of areas such as equity, fixed earnings, index and multi-strategy, structure and alternative financing as of the end of 2020h1.
The company has 48 fund managers and investment managers and, as of the end of 2020, the average annualized return on Eastern Red Asset Management (DRA) active management of equity products has been 26.50 per cent since 2005 (a factor of 12.02 per cent over the same period); Eastern Red Asset Management Equity Fund has had an absolute return of 125.26 per cent over the last five years, and fixed-income funds have received an absolute return over the last five years.
In 2019 and late 2020, Eastern CMS contributed more than ever, and Eastern CMS income was largely based on growth in size and pay for performance, and the market as a whole was better in 2020.
Some of the performance payments will be made in the coming years, while, as the public-raising market expands, the company relies on a chain of products, which regularly outperforms its counterparts and benefits from higher company holdings.
The average minimum holding period is 29 months, which is higher than 15 months in the market, and the overall lock-up of Eastern CMS products is regularly higher than that of their counterparts, benefiting the company as a whole from an increase in corporate retention and greater profitability. 2.2. Public fund-raising operations: the non-fund-based market share continues to increase.
The company manages the fund through a 35.41% shareholding fund as the first major shareholder, which was established in 2005 with subsidiaries in Hong Kong and Shanghai, with full operating license plates, with the National Social Security Fund ' s delegated investment manager, the National Social Security Fund ' s offshore distribution strategy programme investment manager,
Operating capital such as investment managers for basic pension insurance funds, investment managers for insurance funds, owner asset managers, asset management subsidiaries for selected clients, qdii fund managers, rqfii fund managers and qfii fund managers has grown rapidly in size and city share has continued to rise.
The share of profit contributions is higher when remittances are made. The share of profit contributions is higher when remittances are made up, reaching 39% in 2020, higher in light capital operations, and higher in companies.
Figure 22: Transfers of 39% to Furoe in 2020, private equity investments: increase in the number of projects invested, increase in the size of management and increase in the number of investments in 2020.
Financial operations, with 16.1 billion yuan in size and +35 per cent in 2020, with a steady increase in the number of projects under way, while 13 enterprises have declared their own projects since the inception of the project, 7 of which have been successfully listed.
Figure 25: The share of profits on Eastern Capital has declined as a result of the continuous increase in the number of investment projects. From 2018 to 2020, the net profit on Eastern Capital has been on a downward trend, while the corporate sector has been able to tap into structural opportunities, and the business is expected to grow rapidly, with a profit ratio or increase.
Figure 26: Decline in the share of profits on Eastern capital 3. Wealth management: earlier transitions, more and more effective: earlier transformations in wealth management and business models that have evolved over time. Companies have two major capital-management brand advantages, wealth.
The momentum for the transformation of rich management was strong, with the transformation of wealth management as early as 2015 and business models constantly evolving from the original “trade-based services with wealth management as an extension of brokering” to “selection of assets, professional allocation, buyer perspective, complete services”, long-term investor education and insistence on retail customers at the end of retailing
Productization of households, with a focus on transforming ordinary investors into product customers and continuously developing wealth management clients; Integrated gold-mining services for institutional customers, including hosting, blending, research, off-site, based on the securities dealer's transactional service attributes; and, thus, investment of limited resources into a pool of customers best suited to the direction of market development.
Figure 27: The transformation of corporate wealth management in 2015 emphasizes transactional services as the basis for refining business models into "customers' thinking."
The management of wealth as an extension of the power of brokerage through a rigorous selection of product specializations.
(a) Core configuration capacity for beneficial products. Formalization of the brokering sector.
A total of 153 securities department offices have been built, initially completed, and the Department of Enterprise management model has been adopted.
• The business model is clearer and insists on “selection of assets, specialization, upgrading to a transactional service-based service,”
The management of wealth is core, integrated gold, buyer's perspective, complete service” • The company is oriented towards a broad range of asset allocation that enriches its financial products
Integrating services into a two-synchronous chain meets the needs of clients.
Metabolization and enrichment, creating product lines at different levels of risk returns, solidly advancing the transformation of wealth management business upgrading, upgrading organizational structures, operating systems, eco-building, talent development, etc., will be carried out by the company in 2015.
In 2017, the Ministry of Industry was expanded from 68 to 153, and the national layout was completed, along with the restructuring and upgrading of companies in a variety of organizational structures, transport systems, ecological construction, human development, etc., and the transformation of wealth management ahead of the industry.
Table 12: Eastern securities are upgraded in terms of organizational structure, operating system, ecological development, talent development, etc. Quality of clients is high. Companies insist on the productization of retail customers, focusing on the transformation of ordinary investors into product customers, and investing in both customer entry and product advantage.
At the same time, the advantage of a firm’s business will also give the firm a competitive advantage over the first-tier market product. In May 2019, the company issued a total of 20 ipo, ranking 17 in the industry and 13 in the company’s ipo reserve, which is equal to the volume, from ipo distribution and reserves.
The sales are dominated by public funds, which in 2020 were as high as 91%. The sales holdings rank among the top industry.
At the forefront of the industry, the equity fund of 2021q1 has a total of 34.8 billion yuan, or 0.5 per cent of the city, and the revenue from the financial products of sales and non-marketing has continued to rise, with significant transformation gains. From 2015 to 2020, corporate revenue from the financial products of sales has continued to rise every year, and in 2020, in the context of the rise of public funds, corporate revenue from the financial products of sales.
The company’s transformation has been remarkable, far above the average number of listed securities. The final net assets and the latest total market value are: booming securities, light securities, Xin Man-Huan, national bonds, and China’s Milky Way.
The net profit increases are higher than comparable companies, and the valuation is lower than comparable companies. From the table below, the net profit on Eastern securities grew at a much faster rate than comparable companies in 2021-2023, 19 per cent/12 per cent.8 per cent.
The transformation of wealth management has been underestimated, and asset-management advantages have led to a high rate of revaluation of premiums. The company relies on the Eastern Red and Replenishment brands, with a clear preponderant advantage in managing business, with revenues from both 2017 and 2020 ranked first in the industry.
During the public fund-raising era, corporate sales and fund companies contributed 71% of their profits in the 2020s, and static financial advantages were highlighted. The light capital business model brought about higher roe and valuations, we revalued wealth management and other operations, and companies still had a 94% dynamic revalued premium.
Policies are put in place to support the listing of asset management agencies, such as eligible fund management, at multiple levels of capital markets, with public (2) net profit from fund sales = 50 per cent of fund sales income (assuming net interest rates); (3) net assets after deduction = net assets of 2021e coupons - net assets of equity fund companies* shareholding ratio.