China’s ships, the Chinese civilian ships, have been in the air from the beginning to the beginning of the cycle, the military and military ships have been in the air, and there has been a strong expansion of their reconfiguration. China’s ships were formerly the Tungdongs, founded in 1998.
Heavy machinery, followed by the merger of related businesses on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. After the consolidation of the assets of the North-South vessel in 2019, the company was transformed from a civilian to a civil-military-integrated ship-making enterprise, with the control of a ship built in the south of the river and a bridge in the south.
The company has now become one of the largest, most technologically advanced and fully organized flagship ships in the country.
The green renewal cycle has opened, and shipbuilding has taken its toll. Over the history of market development, the ship manufacturing industry has grown with fleets ageing and imo gradually tightening environmental mitigation strategies, the demand for green renewal of ships has surged, and ship prices have increased.
In the upper cycle; supply end: after more than a decade of low-yielding capacity, post-epidemiological order surges, and green renewal orders keep the world's shipyard production tight.
At the same time, the price of ships is still well on the rise by comparing the historical highest price of adjusted inflation with the current price of ships. The current price of ships is rising, the dollar is rising and steel prices are falling, and the profits of the Chinese shipyard are being realized.
Investment proposals: China’s ship core shipowners are in the upper cycle, and companies’ forward profits continue to improve. We are still in the early stages of the shipbuilding green renewal cycle, and the prices of new ships and their corresponding company forward profits remain far above imo environmental constraints; global recession and stagnating risks; geopolitical risks; and asset restructuring winds.
China’s core ship-builder industry is in the upper cycle, and company forward profits continue to improve. We expect company 2024-1 ship repair: the revenue from ship repair is expected to rise in line with higher ship prices and higher-end ship-type ratios. There is still much room for growth in the core ship-builder industry and new ship-building prices, and steel prices and the United States dollar will benefit the people of the company.
Currency profits, firm performance accelerated since 2023q4, and the price of new ships continued to rise during the green renewal cycle; the price of steel was higher than expected; exchange rate fluctuations between the renminbi and the United States dollar; the shipping industry was less favourable than expected; the imo environmental contract was less than expected; the risks of global recession and stagnation; geopolitical risks; and the risks of asset restructuring.
1. China ' s ships are head-manufacturing ships that have undergone multi-wheel integration and consolidation of assets. The company is a company that was founded in 1998 as the company ' s Jiandong Heavy Vehicle Co. Ltd., which acquired the bridge in 2007 by issuing stocks in a non-public manner.
In 2019, the "North-South" fleet and the "North-South" fleet were jointly reorganized. The Chinese ship, one of the core "South-Store" listing platforms, further consolidated and enhanced the competitive edge of the industrial chain, resulting in a product diversity.
The high-quality development patterns of digitization, construction, green low-carbonization of industries have made companies one of the largest, most technologically advanced and product-structured flagship companies in the country. Figure 1: China ' s ships have held four major shipyard entities (as of June 2024)
China Ship Industry Ltd.’s main operations include shipbuilding (military, civilian), ship repair, marine engineering, and mechanical and electrical equipment.
Right, to share the proceeds only, to define the main business and to focus on the core business of ship repair. Figure 3: Ship repair is the core business of the company.
China’s ships, Chinese ships, Chinese heavy labourers, Chinese naval defense, and Chinese competition have yet to be resolved. China’s ships planned to buy China’s defence shares in exchange for their assets, after posting their high-quality assets in 2019, such as Jiangnan and Hiroshima International, but ended up doing so.
2. The green renewal cycle was launched in June 2026, and the ship-building cycle was launched, and the ship-making industry was characterized by supercyclical fluctuations every 20 to 30 years as a result of the development of the ship market.
cyclical industry. The cycle is characterized by a long period of time between the bottom zone and a significant and rapid adjustment of the top zone. After World War II, the ship industry had two supercycles, with a boom in prices in 1967-1973 and 2000-2008, respectively. Figure 5: The shipbuilding industry experienced two rounds of supercycles after World War II, with a time interval of about 30 years.
I don't know what I'm talking about, I'm talking about, I'm talking about, I'm talking about, I'm talking about, I'm talking about, I'm talking about, I'm talking about, I'm talking about, I'm talking about, I'm talking about, I'm talking about, I'm talking about, I'm talking about, I'm talking about, I'm talking about, I'm talking about, I'm talking about...
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
5% of thefreettoapeakof is 30% in 1973.focusonspecurialiveinvestments. 1973.focusoninvestmentsinnewshippypes.
Newbuilding contracts %fleet(dwt) based on demand-side analysis, the current global fleet is ageing and the scale of the future demand for renewal of the ship market is significant. The limited life span of steel structures is dominated by roughly the same end-of-life cycle for ships of about 25-30 years. In China in 2001
The global shipbuilding industry has entered the largest cycle in history, spurred by accession to the world's maritime trade, with an explosive growth in shipbuilding, and the current fleet, most of which is concentrated at the height of the previous cycle in 2008, is now ageing to a considerable degree, with 57.3 per cent/30.1 per cent and 51.1 per cent/4.4 per cent of the fleet over 15 years of age of large-scale ships.
Figure 6: Large numbers of ships delivered centrally at high points in the last cycle are now very old. Figure 7: Three to fifty per cent of ships in the global fleet for more than 15 years, coupled with the gradual improvement of guidance and regulations for imo and EU decarbonization targets, the trend of decarbonization of shipping is no longer high
In the future, we expect a large number of old ships to face compliance phase-out. imo has adopted a number of environmental mitigation strategies.