Iv, dior is about to enter Tria Bay, a luxury brand, 15/04/2023 Keyword: #Current Reverse#Short Assets
▪ Event: On April 10, the Dio Precision Recruitment Platform released a job offer for shop manager in Sanya, and on the evening of April 12th, Louis Vuitton's Recruitment Officer announced that the Louis Vuitton brand would board the Tria Bay Bay in September 2023, and that the lv and dior Fines would be located in Sanya International Tax Free City within a year.
lvmh’s brands lv and dior are expected to be in Tria Sea Bay, and the re-extension of the matrix will attract a larger number of high-end customers.
Luxury brand landings will attract more high-end passenger flows, accompany the first phase of the Bay, and create a more fully branded matrix and a more serviceable atmosphere for luxury goods consumption in Sanya Bay. 223 q1 South Airport passenger flows have largely recovered their pre-epidemiological levels, maintaining a higher duty-free distance from the island.
In the first quarter of 2023, the number of passengers at Melanes Airport at Seaguchi reached 6,482.4 million, a 45.5 per cent increase compared to the same period in 2019, returning to 90 per cent of the same period in 2019, and 61,95 million traffic at San Phoenix Airport, a 23 per cent increase compared to the same period in 2019, returning to 101 per cent of commerce.
According to Ministry data, duty-free sales from Hainan Island in the first quarter of 2023 amounted to $16.9 billion, an increase of 18 per cent, and duty-free sales from Hainan Island q1 were more than $20 billion, leading to tax-free market performance for the return of the island's passenger currents. According to Hainan Province official forecasts, duty-free stores from Hainan Island were sold in 2023.
The return of the tax-free sector is expected, and the benefits of tax-exempt policies in the city are expected to rise again.
The market ceiling. After the spring season, the demand for the Hainan cruises continued to flourish, and the island was duty-free.
As a supplement to the location and scene of the off-island and port duty-free shop, the duty-free market ceiling is upgraded.
The expansion of the size of the tax market has led to a steady upturn in the company’s performance. China’s Middle-Zone (601888): 2022 report – Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: the gradual recovery of Hainan passenger flows, deregulation of the epidemic, international shipping routes
Review: q4 operations are under pressure, and the recovery in demand will facilitate a further acceleration in the expansion of the retail tourism sector. The market is stable and solid, as Seagate International Tax Free City continues to climb, and Sanya Bay No. 2 is located at 2023.
In the year, the company will re-enter the market to improve its share of the market, and China will be expected to benefit from the gradual recovery of provincial and exit trips as a tourist retail leader in the medium and long term. To maintain the 2023-2025 surplus.