q1 sales recovered significantly, waiting for improved profitability The company issued its first quarterly report in 2023. 23q1 companies earned $20,769 million, yoy+23.76%; Mothers' net profit was $2,301 million, yoy-10.25%.
The end is under pressure from exchange rate fluctuations and the high base for the same period. As the company projects continue to climb, produce goods, and benefit from tax-free market view q1 cropping, innovation is high. 23q1 achieved $20.769 billion, yoy+23.76 per cent in revenue, with full resumption of work and a recovery of duty-free off-island markets, the company’s harvest will be realized.
According to the customs data, 23q1 Hainan Island is free of charge 168.7 billion / 1968 and yoy +14.6 /-2.9 %, respectively, for Hainan as a whole, the market is relatively high, but the number of shopping items is affected by the lack of supplies.
Exchange rate fluctuations and rent relief have affected profitability levels and narrow discounts have developed over the long term.
The company continues to narrow the market, while actively responding to global tax-free sales trends, and actively works with branders to maintain a balance between Maori and brand prices. The profit end is also influenced by the airport’s rent cuts and the supplier’s return payments during the same period last year, which are largely the same as last year’s.
The first phase of the Tax Free City II project is expected to open on September 30th this year, and the French garden of the San Phoenix Airport will be in full market (million yuan)
The company will also actively introduce more luxury brands. With the current three-month average daily turnover (million yuan) at the top, the consumer market will recover strongly, and the company will actively introduce brands to match the corresponding trend.
“Secure-on-demand” and “purchase-on-demand” delivery policies will better satisfy customers' immediate shopping needs, and China Tourism Group Limited will further reduce corporate logistics costs and ease pressure on point of delivery off the island.
In the short term, the company’s q1 q1 q1 registered the highest level of revenue, short-term pressure on profits, and actively improved its supply and enriched its brand with trends. In the medium and long term, the company is actively promoting new projects, combining consumption trends.
China Central Free China 20230403 China Central Free China 20230206 Chinese Silver International Securities Co. Ltd.
Re-occupation of the new crown, increased competition in the market, insufficient upstream supply, and less than expected recovery of the industry