China’s Central Free Trade and Retail Trade (601888) has a low performance and looks forward to a reversal of the dilemma.
In 2022q4, business income of $15.7 billion was achieved, compared to an increase in the share of taxed goods, and the Māori rate was under pressure. Companies were repeatedly affected by the epidemic in 2022, duty-free goods were affected by external disadvantages, tax operations on the line were actively pursued, and tax revenues increased by 16.5 per cent on the same basis.
The Māori rate of 39.4 per cent of commodities, with a relatively low Māori share of taxable commodities, is expected to increase rapidly as a result of a sustained recovery in the continuing flow of customers and improved operations in the short term, as a result of the external disturbance of Māori as a whole by the low-to-low company.
Costs were relatively rigid and the combined cost rate increased. In 2022, the cost of company sales was affected by the increase in the cost of rent due to the airport and the decline in the revenue from 1.7 per cent to 7.4 per cent in 2021; while management costs decreased by 1.8 per cent due to a decrease in office and operating costs on a year-on-year basis, the decline in the revenue rate resulted in an increase in management costs on a year-on-year basis.
The overall increase in the cost of the company is mainly due to the size of the collection, while the relative rigidity of the cost is somewhat reduced, and the impact of the shock on sales at the lower end of the line is greater. The industry is warming and the tax-free layout is increasing.
Increased under the “B2B” policy, with a sustained recovery in domestic tourism flows, with an increase of 18.4 per cent in January-February 2023 in the number of visitors to the sea, combined with “guarantee-on-demand” and “buy-on-off” policy incentives to provide tax-free off-island operations; and a marked recovery in cross-border travel, with the gradual warming of incoming and outgoing passenger flows, with port operations expected
With new growth, the liberalization of tax-exempt policies in the city is on the agenda. The industry is on the rise, with companies increasing their purchases of duty-free goods in order to meet the demand for duty-free shopping for sale during the season, with stock balances rising by 41.6% compared to the previous year, highlighting the company’s confidence in future operations. In addition, companies are increasing their tax-exempt arrangements and moving away from the island.
In addition, the Department, in association with Tegucigalpa, was able to compete for the third phase of the tax-free city project, the Sanya tax-free city, which has become more competitive: in terms of intra-city tax-exempts, the company acquired the only national duty-free operator in the city.
Prospective earnings and investment proposals. Companies, as absolute leaders in the tax-free sector, have excellent operational capacity, supply chain capacity, and resource endowments, and are expected to reap the full benefits of the industry’s high-profile dividend and gradually deliver on their expected performance.
China Central Free (601888). Operating short-term pressure, new shop openings are expected to lead to rapid repairs and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
2. China is exempt from the disease (601888). The disease has been continuously repaired and the tax-exempt dragons are in a state of readiness (2022-10-18) and will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for any of the specific recommendations or observations contained in this report.