— China Central Free (60188.sh) 2022 Report Review.
Van, 37.1 per cent less than in the same year, the airport and the Hainan passenger flow were down in the wake of the epidemic, the company's principals were shut down a few times, logistics operations were disrupted and the company's operations below the line were severely hit, but with the gradual optimization of the quarantine policy since November 2022, the company's 2022q4 was made a single-quarter profit and the company's profits were realized.
In 2022, companies were exempted from international/tria-based tax-free shops/Shanghai/Japan-Sea epidemic, which has disturbed the Maori rate and is expected to recover after the epidemic. In 2022, higher revenue from taxes on the company’s commodities led to a decline in the company’s overall Māori ratio.
China Middle (60188.sh): The share of tax sales in the epidemic is expected to increase, while the share of merchandise sales is expected to rise in the long term as consumption increases to a higher level of Māori, leading to a higher rate of Māori in companies.
In China, the three-quarterly report (60188.sh) commented on the short-term disruption of the epidemic, waiting for elasticity of performance. In January-February of the year, the cumulative number of passengers in Hainan reached 2004.34 million, an increase of 13.3 per cent over the same period.
South Province Department of Commerce data, spring holidays 2023, free sales from Hainan Island amounting to $2.57 billion, and China Central Free (601888.sh): 20.7% increase in financing, showing a strong recovery.
The decline in the initial policy of liberalization of duty-free purchasing unit prices is related to the prospect of a gradual elimination of the effects of the epidemic, a sustained increase in performance, partly high unit prices and a shortage of stocks of refined products with longer production cycles, both due to the resumption of family trips and because of the prospect of a gradual elimination of the impact of the epidemic.
In 2022.03.11, 2023, the company's performance is expected to rise as the number of customers below the line rises and stock is replenished.
Flexibility repairs. 2) Corporate tax-exempt projects continue to break down and market advantages are being consolidated: in October 2022, Haiguchi International Free City opened, attracting more than 800 international brands, including several “first shops”, “exclusive” brands: Sanya Sea Bay Phase 2 site projects are well under way, according to performance.
The project is expected to be partially operational by the end of 2022q3; the joint venture with Teogu Realty has been successful in gaining State land concessions for the construction of the Sanya Bay; and the completion of Phase II of the Hainan International Logistics Centre project ahead of schedule will further enhance public access.
The Division ' s contribution to Henan Market ' s commodity abundance and logistics distribution efficiency. 4) Tax exemption in the market for equity savings in purchases, 49 per cent in the purchase of $1,228 million in March 2023, complements the company ' s tax-exempt operations in the city, and the company ' s active allocation of tax-exempts within the city is expected to take advantage of the policy in the future.
The east wind has taken the lead in the market. (5) Intruding brands are growing and penetration is expected to rise again. In 2022, companies introduced a number of high-end brands, such as Givenchy, brunellocucinelli, debeers, Parmigiani, pomellato, shangxia, etc.
In the context of Henan’s free-trade port, companies are expected to attract more brands and boost penetration by virtue of their size and supply-chain advantages. New companies’ programs are breaking out, domestic market advantages are expanding, and company shares are on the market.
A step-by-step expansion of overseas markets, accompanied by reduced and expected disruptions, the opening of new shops and annual net return of 95,431/1269.15/1635.68 million to companies, respectively, to improve the risk of quarantine policies: risks of changes in industrial policies: increased risks of competition in industry: new item