A year-on-year decline in performance and expectation of a year-on-year increase in profitability Events: corporate performance for the first quarter of 2023 issued on 27 April, with revenue in line with expectations and performance in line with \triangleright
Hainan passenger flow repairs with a clear upturn in sales below the line of the company leading to higher revenues and higher revenues at the end of the line; net profit for the company is 2,301 million yuan, yoy - 10.25 per cent, net profit for the non-mother is 2,296 million yuan, yoy - 10.27 per cent, and the decline in the company ' s profits is mainly due to exchange rate changes, the structure of goods and the rise in airport rents
The discount drive the company ' s Māori ratio has improved, and the exchange rate has been more or less affected. 23q1 company \triangleright narrow discounts have improved profitability and the ring comparison has improved, but at the end of the purchase, the company has adopted dollar settlements and sales at the end of the sale.
By adopting a renminbi settlement, the overall cost increase of the dollar against the renminbi led to a decline in the Māori rate. 23q1 Liu Wenzheng actively promoted priority projects and optimized the structure of the goods, with a year-round increase in profitability.
According to the project, the profitability of the New Seaport International Free City is climbing and is expected to contribute to the growth point; the company is growing.
S-010522120002 Expeditious promotion of the Sanya Sea Bay Phase 2 project and a high-end tourism retail complex with ancient properties; at the commercial level, companies actively promoted the restructuring of goods, guaranteed best-selling supply and optimized discounts on major commodities.
We believe that the company’s profitability is expected to increase as discounts continue to improve in the narrow and folded goods structure, and as the new seaport’s duty-free city continues to climb. The “Fifty-One” sea-south passenger flow goes beyond the same period in 2019, focusing on the “Five-One” holiday window exempting the company from taxes.
According to Hainan Airport data, during the short vacation period from 29 April to 3 May, three trips are expected to take about 333,000 passengers at Tri-Afon International Airport in Hainan, a daily increase from 2019 to 2019.
The year 2022 was the end of the performance, and we expect to see a greater rebound of savings — 23.4 per cent, 30.8 per cent. We expect that this “Five Ones” of China's seaside passenger flow will be a further boost to China's performance forecast for 2022.
We expect that the Hainan area project in 2023 will benefit fully from the rehabilitation of the current, and the new seaport project will officially open in October 2022 and climb the slopes.
This process is expected to lead to a gradual release of performance, and we expect to see an increase in the landing of Seagate Bay Phase II in 2023. Since January, the entry and exits have been gradually liberalized, and we believe that the company’s terminal duty-free operation will be well repaired.
\triangleright \Triangleright methodological and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively and take responsibility for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.