Tourism retail ii q1 marginal warming, looking forward to the return of profit margins
The company's tax-free sales recovery, the benefits of the outbreak's deregulation, the upturn in domestic ports of entry and exit, the Hainan tourist flow, the driving force of the company's sales.
Of these, 2023q1, South China Sea Pass, Sanya Airport, with passengers averaging +51%, 46%, drove q1 off the island at a faster rate of return from duty-free sales. Of these, Seagate customs control has achieved sales of 16.9 billion yuan per year + 14.6%, and the Department of Commerce has increased the same rate by 20%.
For the largest duty-free operator in Hainan Island, q1 duty-free sales will warm up with the market as a whole. Māori ring ratio improved, profitability is still pending for the next quarter.
The tax commodity structure has improved + companies have continued to tighten their discounts. However, the q1 Māori rate has fallen from 22 years to a 22-year United States dollar exchange rate, resulting in higher costs; (2) insufficient stocks of refined items and a decline in the ratio of high Māori sku; and (3) increased rents at the hub airport, but the flow has not yet fully recovered
In general, we believe that q1 companies have recovered their profitability, but that there is still a distance to a more normal level, that subsequent supply chains, airport flows, etc., have moved over time or are expected to improve gradually, and that overall profitability is expected to return to the right track in the next quarter.
The growth of medium- and long-term companies remains high, with tax-exempt policies within the city, the South China Business Complex, and improved brand structure opening up further opportunities for growth. The current forecast is that the market surplus rate has fallen near the historical average of 30 x, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
Company Tracking _China (60188.sh): q3 fundamentals are established, profit improvement + expansion of productive capacity is expected to unleash growth and growth.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.