As the new crown returns to Class B, the tourism market is warming significantly, at a combination of low base and demand recovery.
For the reporting period, the company experienced strong growth in revenue, with 37.8 per cent ring growth, and Hainan market continued to support performance. According to the Customs Department of Hainan, duty-free purchases at 10 points off the island amounted to 16.9 billion dollars, an increase of 14.6 per cent over the same period, continued increases in day-to-day and mid-point shopping, and continued recovery of off-line duty-free shops.
The decline in profits over the same period was, in our view, mainly affected by two factors: 1) the same period was marked by a decrease of between 5 and 29 per cent in the rate of Maori, although the increase in the rate was eight percentage points compared to 2204 as tax-exempt discounts were reduced; 2) there is still a certain difference in the procurement time for tax-exempt items currently sold.
In 22h2, high exchange-impact procurement costs: 3) 10 Māori are significantly short of high luxury commodities, with higher revenues from commodities such as fragrance; 4) losses on impairment of assets of 140 million are accounted for during the period.
In the past year, H2 financial services were introduced to reduce the financial cost of the sale of international flights, which was reduced by a 15 percentage point increase in sales costs compared to the previous agreement with the major airports.
The cumulative reporting period saw a decrease in exchange losses of 1.02 percentage points over the same period and an increase in management costs The share of institutional investors in liquiditya was stable and the cost rate decreased by 0.42 percentage points over the same period.
On the one hand, the policy's expansion of the “buy-and-take” method of delivery on 1 April will improve consumer shopping experience, and the new maritime customs statistics policy has been in place for the past three months to regulate “buy-and-take” duty-free shopping, amounting to 348 million and free shopping off the island during the 51-year period.
A total of 883 million people, 120 per cent more than the same year, 109,000 shopping places, 158 per cent more than the same year, and cosmetics, jewellery, and watch hot sales. At the company level, the new seaport duty-free shop has performed well since its opening and has outperformed the Bay during the spring season. In addition, the shortage of 1q sea-south products has been addressed and companies are now well stocked.
In particular, the recent consumer-friendly high Maori luxury product; on the other hand, the year-round discount is expected to be narrow and to add to the company's enhanced voice in the supply chain, and the Māori rate is expected to be repaired upwards; and, on the other hand, with regard to costs and financial costs, the company expects to increase control over the financial costs of its main operations, and the impact of the exchange rate will be controlled.
On a reasonable scale, sales costs are being actively negotiated with the airport, with a view to achieving a win-win, later on, or possibly upsetting the rent. In the long run, three years of the epidemic have grown into the world’s first tax-free operator, with strong links to brand parties.
Ten thousand members, as the Japanese membership system becomes more accessible, further improvements in membership services will enhance their loyalty; the subsequent restoration of the port duty-free shop and the location of the city’s duty-free shop policy will add to corporate growth. Performance is short-term under strain, but the recovery path is clear throughout the year, maintaining “buy-in” investment proposals.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and is based on the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... is not a personal client. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.