China Central Free (60188.sh): through the throes at a turning point, it looks forward to a quarterly improvement in profitability Events: China Free from publishing a quarterly report: 20.769 billion yuan per year for 23q1 companies, +23.76 per cent for mothers
At the same end of the income scale, the macroeconomic + supply problem is very difficult: in January-February 22, the South China region performed well, and in March 22, the base for the epidemic was lower, so the income was +23.76% and the ring +37.83%. By split, we expect China to contribute about 15 billion yuan in the supply structure of 23q1.
In the case of inadequate sex, reduced discounts, and therefore delayed sales by customers at the end of the spectrum, we believe that the potential for tax exemption in Hainan has not yet been fully released, and we expect that Shanghai revenues will contribute about $4 billion, with lower-line tax exemptions, and that the door shop will be largely reopened and expected to contribute gradually from March.
Slip 5 pct, ring increase 8 pct. From the Hainan duty-free Shanghai discount tracking, the actual discounts have had some impact on the Mäori rate; 2) we expect structural stockouts to make Mäori more sophisticated than 22 q1; 3) 22h2, including mid-day discounts, are deeper, and we believe that the link improvement is a move.
In this case, and as a result of the treatment of impending commodities, 23q1 is expected to be a significant turning point, but the recovery of international currents and the resumption of duty-free shops or the increase in rent; the overhead cost of $446 million, which is broadly consistent with the previous period, is 2.15 per cent per year - 0.42 pct; the financial cost of $310 million, which is the main factor.
Looking forward to the year, we believe that in the post-epidemiological era, the balance of discounts below the line is of the utmost importance: we expect the discounts on the line to be significantly reduced (but not yet fully reflected in q1) to provide quick repair to the tax-exempt income below the line.
Open up, but narrow discounts while ensuring a sustained increase in overall income during the transition period (2) Airport passenger flow and tax-free shop operations resume, and we expect the airport rent to rise gradually: the major airports made varying concessions to the rent of the tax-free shop during the epidemic, with the prospect of a return to international passenger flows on a seasonal basis,
How to match the rate of income recovery with rent is also key to this year’s profitability, in a context of more intense competition than before the epidemic. But we still see a seasonal improvement in corporate income growth and profitability:
The problem of stock-outs is expected to improve in q2, i.e., the rush towards duty-free sales to Hainan, with the opening of the new port of gucci&prada in the second half of the year, and the opening of Sanya Bay I + 2
Two major luxury locations are expected to further catalyze sales in Hainan;
2) The return to the price system of foreign fragrance has been identified through all channels, including middle and middle, and the current Māori ratio is still relatively high compared to the pre-epidemiological period, although short-term exposure to exchange rates, stocks, etc. has not yet been fully reversed, and we believe that it is likely to be the key to future profitability elasticity;
3) The new seaport, which is a 100% holding bulk, does not expect 23q1 to be a drag on the overall profits, and as a core project of the company, the progressive increase in sales and profitability is an important factor for the company.
In 2022, he joined the CSDS as Deputy Director-General of the Research and Development Centre. In 2021, he was awarded the second place in the new Bosunty Zero and Social Services Group, and in November 2022 he joined the CSSS group. The group covered cosmetics, medical beauty, social clothing. Li Bong Jing, Master of Arts in Champagne, University of Illinois, Bachelor of Economics, University of Finance and Economics, Southwest, November 2022.
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in the present report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting granted by the CSRC. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.