A quarter of net profit under pressure, a full-scale layout to meet new opportunities, social services/tourism and landscapes, and recognition of rhythm differences in brand support, are estimated to have equal net profits of 202,301.
Seanan duty-free and on-line sales are expected to increase well. 202,301 Hainan duty-free stores are sold at $20.3 billion/+29% (including taxes), of which 16.9 billion/+15% are exempt from duty off the island. Taking into account the increase in sales in the new seaport, 1/3 of the estimated profits of q1 off the coast of Jin Bay is expected to be positive and more prominent.
(b) The expected continued power on-line, but net interest rates are expected to increase by 8 pcs, with the same reduction of 5 pcs, due to such increases in the rent at off-line airports (stocks are first available, q1 is sold this year for goods purchased against last year ' s q4 exchange rate depreciation, with higher import costs);
The base figure is higher and the recognition rhythm of brand is different. 2023q1 company sales rate increased by 1.15 pct, with a 40 per cent increase in the cost of sales, and the company raised the airport rent (related to changes in passenger flow), but the airport duty-free store opened and the revenue recovered.
During the slope period; 2) 20221 priority airport rent negotiations provide partial relief from the associated sales costs, resulting in China ' s " China Free (60188, sh) " 2022 under pressure, expecting new growth in the new policy " . Meanwhile, with the appreciation of the renminbi against the United States dollar since q1 and company-brand talks,
As the verdict deepens, the company’s follow-up Māori recovery is expected to improve gradually, and the supply situation is expected to begin in five years. China’s Central China Free (60188.sh)-Intra-Congress Market tax-exempt layout is expected to improve.
China ' s performance for the period 2022 (601888.sh) is at the bottom of the list, and looks forward to the new challenges of a tax-free New Deal in the city, which will bring together the company ' s efforts and build a super-retailer. At this point, China ' s China ' s China Free (60188.sh)-Shanghai Airport 's Shares Day will be a victory.
The company faces the throes of the recovery of the brand price system and the recovery of the exit airport from the climbing slopes, without China Central Free (60188.sh) - the third quarter of the Hainan epidemic is under pressure, and the new flagship project has to be followed up on the diversion of the outbound flows and the Hainan closure policy. At the same time, the future outbound and south-west trips are also to be followed.
In view of this, the company has been strengthened through Hainanpai (the new seaport project opened q4 last year; the first phase of the Bay of Haijing 2 was expected to open at the end of September this year, helping the Gulf of Haiqian to operate free of charge.
50 per cent maturation; three phases of the Taghuri Cooperation Bay project are still under active construction, tax-free expansion of Sanya airport, etc., full-source quality membership system (up to 28 million new members), efficient and fine-tuned management of internal performance, and active development of tourism retail track
At the same time, the company relies on its existing duty-free layout, participation in shares, and cooperation with some local governments’ strategies. Moreover, based on last year’s Hong Kong stock financing support, the company’s share of the market has been able to generate a variety of potential policy opportunities.
The company’s future overseas expansion is also expected to accelerate. Investment proposals: consider the impact of a full quarter of operations, the reshaping of brand price systems, and the return to the slopes, and consider objectively the possibility of the company’s initial investment in a comprehensive inventory of its combined capabilities over the last two years.
The post-transition adjustment period, the effects of subsequent diversions, also need to be observed. But future base pressures will ease, exchange rate effects on costs are expected to weaken, along with improvements in the supply and price systems, and the recovery of the company’s profit center is expected to turn up.
The company has constructed the full channel advantage of “airports/ports + off-island + on-line + in-market” and is actively developing a tourism-based retail industry-wide, interactive super-retailer on-line and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
A 24% increase in revenue in the quarter, with multiple factors influencing a 10% decline in performance. 2023q1, company revenue of 20.769 billion cards, supports recognition of the difference in rhythm. We estimate net profits of 2023q1 to be equal.
In the case of Hainan, with sales of $20.3 billion/+29 per cent (including taxes), under customs control 16.9 billion/+14.6 per cent of which are tax-free, the focus company, accompanied by the recovery of Hainan and the additional contribution of the new seaport, is expected to increase by 25-30 per cent from the same year, with the average daily sales of the new seaport being close to one third of the Gulf.
At the same time, while the return of off-line airport duty-free duty-free returns is still in progress, the net interest rates are expected to run down in Shanghai, Japan, and China.
However, a combination of a decline in the Māori rate and a significant increase in the cost of sales has affected the company’s performance during the first quarter. The impact of a better month’s sales in Hainan, a limited discount, and brand confirmation, among other things; 2) delayed exchange rate changes (stock pre-empted, and the first quarter was sold mainly by buyers of the United States dollar at last year’s q4 exchange rate depreciation).
But with the appreciation of the renminbi against the United States dollar in the first quarter of this year, and with the liberalization of the company, further negotiations and cooperation with branders to warm sales below the line followed by a recovery in the Māori ratio that is expected to improve.2 The cost of sales has increased significantly by 40 per cent, with a net increase of $587 million, mainly due to: 1) the liberalization of the exit and with the arrival of customers.
There has been a gradual increase in the flow and a marked increase in the company's airport rent (related to changes in the flow of passengers, etc.), but the airport's duty-free stores need a process to open and the airport's tax-free revenue recovery has a climb period, resulting in a mismatch between the stage income and the rent impact, and the company will further consult with the airport about the climber's rent period in the future;) 2022q1
The concessionary portion of the priority airport rent negotiations has resulted in a relatively low base of sales costs.3 Financial costs have returned to $310 million, an increase of 288 per cent over the same period last year of $80 million, contributing positively to the performance of the quarter, with a strong focus on exchange gains and losses.
The difference, the level of return on the deposits, the level of fees charged on the bonds are expected to fall one step in the way of the financial costs borne per single, to a better level for both the firm and the industry.The income tax rate has increased by 5.11 pct (income tax costs have increased from 587 million to 690 million) against company performance.
Figure 6: China’s season-by-season cost shift from 2022 to 2022, looks forward to a follow-up recovery of the Māori rate, and a promising marginal improvement in the supply rate. Earlier this spring, the effects of the pre-spring epidemic continued to suffer, as well as the lack of reserves, which partially affected the company’s performance during the q1 season.
With the appreciation of the renminbi against the United States dollar since q1 and the deepening of corporate and brand negotiations, the company’s follow-up recovery in Māori is expected to improve, and delivery is expected to begin to improve marginally. Moreover, companies do not preclude further consultation with the airport on the rent of the ramp period.
New opportunities have emerged, with companies grinding all their internals to create super-retailers. At this point, companies face the pain of the re-emergence of brand price systems, and the return of duty-free landings at airports outside the country, while future exit diversions and sea-south closure policies need to be followed.
In view of this, the company has been strengthened by Hai Nampai (the new seaport project was launched last year q4; the first phase of the Bay of Haijing 2 was expected to open at the end of September, with a 50% increase in tax-free operations in the Bay of Saviour; and the island is expected to be located in the heart of the river for a year, in cooperation with the Taiguri Sea.
The three-phase project in Sanya Bay is still under active construction, with tax-exempt expansion at Sanya Airport, etc., full-source, quality membership system digging up (the latest 28 million members), efficient and fine-tuned management of internal performance, and active construction of a tourism retail track for super-level retailers, with full growth. At the same time, the company relies on the existing duty-free layout, participation in the stock market, and the company's participation in the market.
In addition, based on Hong Kong’s equity support last year, the company’s future overseas expansion is expected to accelerate. Investment proposals: a combination of quarterly operations, re-engineering of brand prices, and a return to airport operations.
The impact, such as the slopes, and the objective consideration of the characteristics of the company’s combined capabilities for the last two years, which may be the first input and output, also needs to be observed, but the company’s future operations, which are accompanied by improvements in the supply and price systems, are expected to turn up. At the same time, the company has become a global tax-free no.
The company has built up a full channel advantage of “airports/ports + off-island + + within the city” and is actively building a foundation for tourism retailing, where super retailers who interact on-line with each other maintain a “buy-in” rating. The recurrent flow of the epidemic has recovered less than expected, the pace of exit liberalization has been faster, policies have been slower than expected, and domestic tax exemptions have been granted.
The authors ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels; that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, is independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party’s approval or influence; and that the authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future.