2022: q4 operations are under pressure, demand recovery will respond to the key words: #stuff reversal#scarce assets #influenced by the epidemic, q4 battalion lost profits in 2022. 2022 q4 + passengers at two airports
With a total of 4.403 million throughput, a 41 per cent drop in the same year, duty-free shopping in Hainan Island is clearly under pressure, and the company's profits in 2022q4 are now falling. Underline operations have suffered a severe shock, and companies have been working hard to improve the layout of their operations on the line, reaching 2022.
The tax-exempt, tax-bearing Māori rate has been significantly differentiated throughout the year, with three rates rising as a result of sales pressure. In 2022, the total fee was 11.9% of the revenue, and the fall in Māori rate and the increase in the rate resulted in a net return interest rate of almost 70% of the gross revenue of Hainan market, which remains the largest profit-contribution area.
Forty-nine percent of the company's equity, with tax-exempt parties in the city forming a business income of $34.71 billion in the Hainan region, representing 64 percent of the total revenue. Hainan's two major business owners accounted for 58 percent of the company's net return profit, a further increase of seven hundred from 2021.
According to the Hainan Province Department of Commerce, sales are measured by caliber, and China is still the leader of the industry. “China Free” (601888),  Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings 2022: The gradual recovery of China’s passenger flow, the liberalization of disease control, and international routes
The recovery was conducive to the expansion of the retail tourism sector. The market was stable, the performance was fast-tracked: q4 passengers were under pressure, and as Seagate International Tax Free City continued to climb, Sanya Bay No. 2 was located at 2023.
The company will re-enter the market to improve its share of the market in 2023, and the performance of China in the medium and long term is expected to be realized by the season.
Consider the increase in airport rents during the shipping and renovating of the international tax-free city of Haiguchi, and adjust the company’s profits forecast for 2023/2024: on the evening of 30 March 2023, China will release its annual report for 2022.
According to the Ministry of Culture and Tourism, domestic tourism revenues (total tourism consumption) in 2022 amounted to 20.4 trillion yuan, corresponding to -30.0 per cent.
Airport passengers amounted to 4.403 million people, a 41% drop from the same period in 2019, with less than 40% of passenger flow recovery, clear repression of duty-free shopping off the coast of Hainan Island, and a fall in corporate profits in the 2022q4 battalion. The rise in the online share compared to 2021 was mainly due to stress on the cause of the epidemic.
This led to a sharp decline in sources, several periods of closure of the main shop, disruptions in logistics operations, and a severe blow to company operations, especially offline operations. As a result, companies focused on improving the layout of online operations, while online platforms continued to have a rich brand of products, with a total of 26 million members breaking down. In 2022, companies achieved a revenue of 27.970 billion yuan on line (for sales of taxed goods), corresponding to 16.5 per cent.
The tax-exempt and tax-bearing Māori rate has been significantly differentiated throughout the year, with three rates rising as a result of sales pressure. The company ' s Māori ratio, which in 2022 represented more than 60 per cent of total revenue, remained the largest profit-contribution area. In 2023, Triya Bay/Maritime Exemptes each generated $302.4.664 billion, corresponding to 14.8 per cent/64.7 per cent, and net repatriation profit.
In Hainan, the two main operators, the tax-exempt company in the city of Sanya (i.e. Hainan Bay International Tax-exempt City), and the net profit on return of the tax-free company from the company (Sunday Square tax-free shop + Merland Airport tax-free shop) accounted for 58 per cent of the company's profits, a further increase of 7 percentage points from 2021. According to the Hainan Department of Commerce, the total sales of the tax-exempt store in Hainan Island in 2022 were increased.
Business goal 2023 is to optimize the layout and structure of the business and to upgrade its operational capacity and capital. The company’s priorities for 2023 include: a strong “Deep Farm South” strategy to promote regional integration in China and South China.
Optimization of the management system and overall upgrading of core business competencies and market competitiveness; second, sustained and dynamic new retail operations, coordinated off-line operations and phased implementation of business integration on-line; third, dedicated efforts to expand key channels of resources and promote the resumption of work, active participation in bidding, close attention to the city shop policy and operational readiness; and fourth, accelerated promotion of overseas development
The first phase of the "a+h" dual platform is designed to boost capital operations and seize opportunities for overseas market expansion; the fifth is a robust promotional brigade, a retail tourism complex, other plots of the Haiguchi International Free City Project, the Sanya International Free City Phase 2 and the Sanya International Free City III project.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: The gradual recovery of the Hainan passenger flow, the liberalization of the epidemic, and the recovery of international routes are favourable to the expansion of the retail tourism sector, and the market size of the retail tourism sector is rising again. The position of the middle and middle markets is strong, and companies will re-enter the market in 2023, as the international tax-free city at Seagate continues to climb, and as the Sanya Bay I-2 is operational in 2023, the company will return to the market.
In the medium- and long-term, China will benefit from the gradual restoration of provincial and exit trips as a tourist retail leader.