A new cycle of improved foreign operations is about to begin.
Events: Company operating income of 13.776 billion in the first three quarters, corresponding to 11.88 per cent, net return to the mother, net profit of 1 and 3 quarters, significant increase of 43.13 per cent, and net gain on exchange: first half of the company, growth of 5.78 per cent in the same quarter, rise of 43.13 per cent in the ring and, in terms of income, out of the epidemic.
The profit achieved in the first three quarters was 2,046 million, resulting in a net return of 1,722 million euros, compared with the total profit generated by the epidemic during the previous consolidation period of 31,87 million euros, resulting in a reduction of the company ' s total profit in the current reporting period by 86,272,400 yuan compared to the same period in the previous year; and the United States of America was limited in its blessing.
The combined profits generated by the company as a result of the epidemic amount to US$ 36.746 million, resulting in exchange losses of RMB 18,074.47 million in total equity/flow (millions of shares) during the reporting period, and exchange gains during the same period the previous year
2. German plant consolidation is nearing completion, and US q3 is making a profit: Fysam lost 5.69 million euros in three quarters compared to the last year, 58.5 million yuan less than last year; U.S. factories made a profit of about $13.7 million in three quarters.
At the same time, net corporate interest rates from q1 full glass skyscreen tops led to a change in car design. Glass, as a smart car's look "window," gave consumers a more intuitive sense, like iphone.
The skyscreen has been gradually followed by the mainframe plants, Peng, Chang An, the general public, the Wall, and so on. The penetration rate has gradually increased over the next few years, with the average cost of the skyglass at $1,500-2000 per unit per vehicle.
Glassasp will rise significantly. The upturning application, with the increase in the value of the front windshield, will be about 1.5-2 times the traditional windshield. As intelligence expands, a new cycle of glory is about to begin.
Investment proposal: Global Lead in Car Glass, expected to return to mother ' s net profit in 20/21/22.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.