The company released its three-quarters report in 2020, with a total operating income of $13.78 billion in the first three quarters, a decline in the same year.
11.9%; the net return of 1.72 billion yuan, a decline of 26.6% over the same period; the third quarter of the year, when the opening harvest was achieved, saw a positive and slightly higher-than-expected recovery of the company’s revenues in the domestic and foreign car markets during the third quarter. The recovery of domestic and foreign markets is expected to lead to a return to growth in subsequent performance.
q3 The growth in revenue has been positive and higher than expected. In the first three quarters of 2020, domestic and foreign automobile sales affected by the epidemic declined by 11.9% of corporate income; the Māori rate increased by 0.6 pct, which is expected to benefit from improved product composition and lower efficiency gains.
In the previous three quarters, the total profit fell by only 0.36 per cent. q3 domestic car sales warmed, overseas recovery recovered better, and corporate revenues increased by 5.8 per cent;
(b) Exchange losses increased by $530 million on a year-on-year basis, resulting in a 274.1 per cent increase in financial costs, a negative impact on four rates and a high growth in q3 performance.
With domestic and foreign markets warming, subsequent performance is expected to pick up again. Domestic vehicle sales have increased steadily since May, and are expected to continue their two- to three-year upward cycle, with company domestic revenues expected to continue to rise evenly.
The value of the product is expected to increase continuously. If the changes in the domestic and foreign distribution structure are eliminated, the previous three quarters of the year asp suggested that penetration rates such as hud and skylights should continue to increase as cars are upgraded and new energy vehicles are promoted.
The domestic and foreign market share is expected to rise. Domestic automobile production fell by 6.7% in the previous three quarters, but domestic revenue from the first three quarters fell by only 2.3% in the corporate world, and the third quarter grew by about 17.8%, with excellent performance.
The impact of the epidemic is that overseas suppliers have a competitive disadvantage in delivery and regulation, that companies are expected to take advantage of the opportunities to expand their share of overseas markets, and that they are now in markets like France.
“Glass of Favour — q3 Māori Ring Increases, sam Integration Average Prices and Market Shares continuously rises, maintaining a higher rating.” 1) A renewed global epidemic; 2) less than expected sales of cars; 3) higher costs such as raw materials.
"Glass of Favour – Short-term performance pressure, new product opening up to growth Sino-Soldier International Securities Company Ltd. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting business."