In the field of Deep Farming Protection, the vanguard advantage is highlighted by the fact that companies are global leaders in the field of security, and have been growing steadily over the years.
Since the second quarter of this year, companies have taken the initiative to help channel inventories to lay the groundwork for high-quality follow-up. Clear lines of corporate development, accurate strategic positioning, and pre-eminence are evident, and we appreciate the company’s medium- and long-term development and believe that the company’s future niche will become more apparent.
In recent years, policies such as safe cities in the country, smart cities, snow and light projects have continued, with industrial information networks predicting that the size of the security market will exceed trillion by 2020. Security is a rigid demand for government and business, with 70% of the company ' s domestic revenues coming from politics.
In the future, security surveillance and penetration rates are expected to increase, and two or three-line cities will contribute to the main growth points.
The impact of the inventory is clear. In the second and third quarters, it will affect the company’s accumulated revenue of nearly $2 billion, and the subsequent impact will diminish. The purpose of the inventory plan is to help channelers reduce the growth exposure risk, which is the company’s proactive strategic choice.
The strategic layout is clear, and the advantages are clear. The company's strategic layout revolves around the alcloud architecture, with the framework of the "rimline plus edge + cloud centre" . 5g technology will start commercial in 2020.
Alteration is a major trend that will benefit from the commercialization of 5g technologies. It is estimated, based on intelligence, that the annual compound growth in the security-ai market over the next three years will be 70%, bringing business opportunities for companies at the end of b and end of c. Over the next four to five years, the company will spend 10 billion dollars in capital planning, mainly for research and development in the Midwest.
Centers, production, etc., are ready. Companies have strong human capital, technological capacity for R & D, combined capacity well above industry averages, and are industry leaders, who are expected to continue to grow in business.
There has been a sharp decline in government-level fiscal spending; there has been an increase in trade friction between China and the United States; and Sino-Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
Yang Si-woo!