Heaconway (002415.sz): A brief analysis: Slow demand, profit margins, and three-quarter performances after closing on 19 October. Revenue is RMB 12.927 billion (a 15 per cent increase in the same year and a 12 per cent increase in the ring) and Māori RMB 5,891 million (a 16 per cent increase in the same year and a 9 per cent increase in the ring).
(2) The Māori rate has fallen slightly over the same period, which we believe is mainly due to the company ' s continued access to the low- and medium-end distribution channels abroad. (3) The sales administration rate has increased by 30 per cent over the same year, mainly due to increased spending on the domestic and foreign marketing networks and on research and development in the Sea Conway (002415.sz)
In addition, no part of my salary has been, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or observations in this report. The investment summary section evaluates the investment environment of the unit by comparing the main indicators of a stock with its industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, returns, valuation multipliers and volatility.
The precise calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry, and region, but the standard method is as follows: Growth is a combined comparison of next year’s projections with current years’ projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, income, etc. The return is the sum of the year’s projections of capital return indicators, such as croci, the average use of capital.
Rates of return and net asset returns. The valuation multipliers are based on the expected annual valuation ratios, such as market surpluses, dividends, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, and net market rates. Volatility is calculated on the basis of 12 months of historical volatility and adjusted for dividends.
We then rate the company against M & As from 1 to 3, of which one represents a higher probability of the company becoming a M & A (30-50 per cent), two has a medium probability (15-30 per cent), and three have a relatively low probability of Qantum quantum, a highly proprietary database that provides specific financial statement data history, projections and ratios that can be used for in-depth analysis of a single company or for comparisons between firms in different industries and markets.
The gssustain gssustain is a global investment strategy that focuses on achieving long-term excess returns by identifying leading firms in high-quality industries. The gssustain50 focus list lists industry leaders that we believe are expected to perform well in the long term vis-à-vis their global counterparts with excellent returns on capital, sustainable competitive advantages and effective management of risks to esg (environmental, social and corporate governance).
The industry is based on a comprehensive and quantitative analysis of business performance in these three areas: a share of telecommunications and technology, and a share of telecommunications and technology in China.a A share of telecommunications and technology: acceliinktechnologies, chinatenetworkcomm, dahuatechnology, fiberhometelecomtech, goodix, hikvisiondigital
Technology, Hyteracomp., sgmicrocorp., wangsuscience&technoroyco., zhongjiinnorightco., ztecorp.(a). Telecommunication and technology in Grand China: chinacommunizationservices, chinamobile (hk), chinamobile (hk), adr, chanatelecom (h), chinatowercorp., chinaunicom (ads), chinaunicom (h), huahongsemiconductortld., mediatek, paradetechnologiesld., silergyycom (adr), chinatolatecom (h), chinatowercorp., chinaunicom (h).
Corp., smic(adr), smic(h), tsmc, tsmc(adr), untedmicroecclecticscorp., unreducedmiclicscorp.(adr), ztecorp.(h). Mandatory corporate-related disclosures are not disclosed with specific information on the following companies: hikvisiondigitaltechnology (rmb24.00)
Company ratings, research industries, and ratings and related definitions. Return decisions. Any stock that does not receive a purchase or sale rating and has a dynamic rating (i.e. shares that are not suspended, not rated, suspended or unresearched) is considered to be a neutral rating. The distribution of purchase and sale ratings in each industry may vary according to the decision of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee.
The investment rating of these stocks has changed, to be eliminated. Ratings (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of a sufficient basis to set investment ratings or price targets, or legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the issuance of reports. Investment ratings and price targets (if any) for such stocks previously set will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Research (cs): We have already suspended
Suspended research on the company. No research (nc): we did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. No (nm): this information is meaningless, because this report is distributed in China by High China Securities. High China Securities are qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.