The development of the company towards the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre over the long term has affected short-term performance growth.
Events: 3-quarter reports issued by the company in 2018, 33.8 billion yuan in operating income in the first three quarters, an increase of 21.9 per cent in the same year, 7.4 billion yuan in net return to the mother, an increase of 20.2 per cent in the same year, 12.23 billion yuan in the q3 quarter, 14.6 per cent in the same month to Piti, and 3.25 billion yuan in net return to the mother, an increase of 13.5 per cent in the same year. 44.9 per cent in the previous three quarters.
Access to inventories and macro-environmental impacts, q3 single-season performance deceleration, corporate development for the long term, good: the international situation at home was more complex in 2018, companies strengthened their management, risk control, active storage of channels started in the second quarter, and sales from the first three quarters affected channels amounted to about $2 billion, about the same amount as the previous three quarters.
6% of total revenue: Company access to inventory is now almost complete, and four quarters of channel revenue is expected to return to normal growth rates.
The demand for products has gradually increased and future public safety orders are expected to continue to be released; the trend towards grouping of large enterprise orders is evident because of the demand for integrated management, which has led to an increase in the number of leading firms, and it is expected that orders from large companies will continue to grow at a steady rate before coming.
The company has continued to promote alcloud architecture products and solutions, and has now been successfully replicated in the areas of public safety, intellectual activity, commerce, finance and education, and the competitive advantage is expected to continue to strengthen in the future as the product performance and value for money rises.
Strengthening resource integration and internal management and improving the quality of returns: corporate size has increased rapidly over the past few years, companies have continued to increase their R & D and channel inputs, doubling their numbers from mid-2016 to the present, and companies will focus more on resource efficiency in the future, strengthening internal resource integration and improving the quality of profits.
Management costs increased at a rate of 53.4 per cent and 42.1 per cent.q3-quarter sales and management costs (with R & D stream management, 2660.9 per cent higher net cash flow from operations in the previous three quarters compared to the previous quarter). Profit forecasting and investment proposals: taking into account the fact that companies were affected by multiple domestic and international factors in 2018 and were proactive.
1. Heaconway (002415). Overall performance is robust, opening up channels to inventory, affecting short-term corporate performance release, lowering corporate profitability forecasts, and projecting double. Given that the company is the leader of the video security industry, leading the intellectual process of the industry, the company is now aicloud.
The strategy has accelerated, and companies have gradually moved from a hardware R & D sales company to a one-smart hardware sales provider, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Risks of product R & D or below expectations, exchange rate fluctuations, etc.
Assumption 1: Given the complexity of the domestic and international situation in 2018 and the impact of pipeline-to-stock movements, the year-to-year total package items at the end of 2018 have been reduced, and companies will remain focused on products and solutions in the future, assuming an increase in engineering orders over the next three years, but as the base has expanded, the rate of increase has slowed.
Assumption 2: the overall Māori ratio of the company was affected by the dual intention to go to stock and to increase the number of ultra-low end products overseas in 2018, the end of the channel to stock in 2019, the increase in sales of channel products resumed, and the continued release of ultra-low end products abroad, assuming an increase in the Māori rate and 51 per cent recovery in 2019, respectively, in the volume of the programme and the continued landing of alclud framework products;
The decline in Māori rates, influenced by competition for back-end audio and video products, has been sustained, with Māori rates remaining at 47 per cent over the next three years; the increase in the share of data centres and software-type products in Central Heart Control equipment has led to an increase in Māori rates, assuming that Māori interest rates will hold at 58 per cent over the next three years; and Māori rates for innovative operations, influenced by economies of scale, have increased steadily.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.