The performance of the three quarterly reports was in line with expectations, and the medium- and long-term trend remained unchanged, with a 20.20 per cent increase in net profit in the previous three quarters and a 21.9 per cent increase in the previous quarter.
In the third quarter, a single-season revenue of $122.7 billion was achieved, an increase of 14.58 per cent over the same period; the net return profit of 3.248 billion increased the company ' s Māori ratio and the cost of sales and administration increased in the first three.
The combined quarterly Māori rate was 44.91 per cent, compared to 44.18 per cent during the same period last year.In respect of costs, there was a certain increase in sales and management costs due to increased marketing network construction and related inputs, and an increase in exchange rate earnings.
In the previous three quarters, income from front-end products had increased steadily.
The company’s revenue from front-end products has increased steadily, by 21.41 per cent, and the Māori rate by 0.84 percentage points. Both construction and central control products have experienced faster growth, with the increase in the number of systems integration projects.
Revenue from engineering works increased by 151.16 per cent. The Māori rate increased by 4.86 percentage points; the data centre product and software revenue increased significantly, with central control producing product revenues growing by 47.8 per cent and Māori by 7.74 percentage points.
In market terms, there has been a certain decline in the Māori rate in offshore markets due to exchange rate fluctuations, increased investment of low-end overseas products and increased competition, and an increase of 26.70 per cent in the same year in the Māori rate in offshore markets.
5.74 percentage points. The current strategy of companies selling overseas is to continue to invest in ultra-low-end products, which, on the one hand, can reduce product stocks and, on the other hand, increase market access through low-cost strategies. Companies are protected by United States trade.
The impact is limited and can be addressed by balancing other markets in the United States and abroad with the establishment of factories, and the company ' s overseas markets are expected to continue to grow robustly in the long run.