Bought (first rating) by the Confederation of Industrial Wealth (601138.sh) Active deployment of the Industrial Internet, lighting of smart manufacturing lighthouses Electronic equipment manufacturing giants, transformation of “intelligent manufacturing + industrial Internet”. Corporations are the leading electronics in the world.
Equipment manufacturing services enterprises, the 20-year-old parent company Hong Hai’s sophisticated collection accounted for 40.9% of the global total in the electronics industry, well above the second largest and top 10.69% share. 18-year corporate ipo raised $27,253 million in funds, actively turning to an industrial Internet platform as the backbone of an intelligent manufacturer.
The firm has three core competitivenesss, namely, size, supply chain efficiency, and customer resources: 1) the advantage of size is the company’s highest moat. The company has entered communications equipment and high-precision structures, servers, global headlines.
Client supply chains, which create stronger barriers to scale; 2) innovative business models that lead to high levels of operation Efficiency, company-created ecms business models that significantly reduce supply chains, with company stock weeks of 10,000 yuan/$889 million in 2020; 3) customer resources: company clients are most well known branded electronic equipment manufacturers around the world.
Most of these include mazon, apple, arris, Cisco, dell, hpe, Huai, and microsoft, among others, where high-quality customer resources will lead to steady growth in corporate performance. Industrial Internet growth is huge, and companies cut into natural advantages.
The country’s industrial Internet market reached 671.3 billion yuan a year, and is expected to be 14 per cent in the next three years, nearly trillion yuan by 2023. Through many years of manufacturing experience, big industrial data accumulation, companies gain insight into industry’s pains, and through increased investment in research and development inputs and the acquisition of machine visual and industrial software.
The closing company has further enhanced its “soft power” and has successfully upgraded to five world-class lighthouse plants, with industry, which has achieved $1.441 billion in revenue over 20 years, an increase of 130.85 per cent over the same period, a shift from internal empowerment to external output, and a future expected growth of higher expectations, with new profit growth points.
I. Lead in electronic equipment manufacturing, sustained improvement in operational efficiency 1.1. Large amounts of revenue, high growth in industrial Internet operations. Fujican Industrial Internet Inc. is the leading electronic equipment manufacturing company, the parent company Honghai.
According to Bloomberg, the largest manufacturing firm in the world today, 3c sub-manufacturing, in 2020, accounted for 40.9% of total global electronics manufacturing services (ems) on a sophisticated scale, well above the second largest and top 10.69% share of total global revenues.
Communications network equipment, cloud service equipment, and industrial Internet services were integrated. 10 per cent of the compound increase between 2015 and 2020, and industrial Internet operations became the fastest growing and the highest-cent Māori rate generated $25,418 million, or approximately 58.83 per cent, of communications network equipment; cloud service equipment earned about 58,83 per cent.
17,536 million yuan, or 40.6 per cent; industrial Internet operations (former precision tools and robotic technology services) have complex equity structures, and the Confederation of Industrial Wealth is a subsidiary of the parent group that focuses on industrial Internet operations.
1.2 Continuous internal optimization, accelerated transformation of R & D rates Continuous optimization of management costs and significant improvement in internal efficiency. Optimization of production management through industrial Internet platforms. Corporate management rates have continued to be optimized for 15 years, such as 18 years of main cloud network equipment
Through the in-house empowerment of the industrial Internet, the industry has achieved a 11 per cent reduction in manufacturing costs per million yuan, a 9 per cent reduction in management costs and a 19.09 per cent reduction in overall management costs in 19; a steady increase in R & D costs has accelerated the transformation of companies; and a steady increase in R & D costs for companies, with 21q3 R & D.
Cost rate of 2.67 per cent, historicly high, covering 5g, cloud and edge computing/high performance calculations, industrial Internet and lighthouse plants, lightweighting of metal materials for high-precision institutions for smartphones, structural formation and physical optimization, water protection, environmental protection, key technical areas of technology, based on the composition of the company ' s personnel.
14.9 per cent in 2017 rose to 21.69 per cent in 2020, and the M.A. degree ratio rose from 0.59 per cent to 1.95 per cent, further promoting the company ' s shift to the odm product design and ecms business model.
In view of the change in the number of working days, raw materials are tight enough for suppliers to negotiate. Company raw materials acquisition patterns are divided mainly into direct purchases and Buyandsell.
In the process of bidding upstream suppliers on the basis of customer demand, with greater bargaining power; in the Buyandsell model, the customer buys raw materials from suppliers and then resells them to the company for production, the company may engage in raw material pricing negotiations but has less autonomy. To further enhance the company ' s risk to raw materials,
According to the company’s 20-year report, some of the contracts will be converted from the “buyandsell” model to the “consignment” model, an initiative that will reduce the risk of price fluctuations in raw materials that companies will have to bear. Downstream clients see the company’s turnover as generally smooth.
Arris, Huahua, conjectures, hpe, etc., are among the leading branders around the world, and the high number and frequency of orders and demand in large customer collections have left companies with little incentive in terms of prices, reducing their dependence on large downstream customers by further expanding their new customers and optimizing their client structure.
The turnover days are generally stable. 1.3 Companies have a core three-point competitiveness in size, efficiency and customer resources The overall competitiveness of firms in the electronic manufacturing services industry is high, and we believe that this is largely a benefit to companies.
The core advantages in terms of size, efficiency of supply chain operations, and customer resources are: 1) the advantage of scale is the highest moat. Electronics manufacturing is a labour-intensive heavy asset industry with a special focus on obtaining less profit returns from large-scale financial inputs.
In addition, heavy asset characteristics carry high depreciation costs, amounting to $1.915 billion for 20 years; Large fixed costs (man + equipment depreciation) make the industry more large in scale.
In the top 3c industry, the parent company Hong Hai received about 40 per cent of the total global income, and according to the stock offer data, the capacity of the company ' s operations was over 85 per cent, scalded production reduced the unit fixed cost of the product, resulting in a higher level of Māori for the company, and a combined Māori ratio for the company.
About 8%, in addition to being sophisticated, the company’s Māori ratio is much higher than that of the major competitors in the industry and the protagonists in the industry. The surrogate industry is not just simple manufacturing, but we believe that efficient supply chain management models and flexible production are the core competitiveness for winning.
The upgrading of electronic equipment is faster and demands high production efficiency. The firm’s downstream electronics industry is highly competitive, the product life cycle is shorter, the rate of renewal is accelerating, and changes in product structure and related technologies require upstream manufacturers to quickly develop and develop their production designs in accordance with customer needs.
Most of the customers are industry leaders, who are more in demand and have a higher ability to deliver in a timely manner. When branders enter into contracts with substitute manufacturers, they tend to forecast the volume of their products and produce them, but these forecasts are not entirely accurate, and suppliers need to respond quickly when there is a gap with actual demand.
In this context, competition in the electronic manufacturing sector is no longer simply a contest between single firms, but rather a match between supply chains. Manufacturing services must improve the core competitiveness of the supply chain in order to respond quickly in a changing market environment, and
The company has created a business model (ecms) for vertical integration of electro-optical power, providing one-stop orders with a range of services ranging from zero components, mechanical modules, electronic modules, system assembly to product design, logistics and after-sales services, through integrated, medium- and downstream industrial chains, and has created the world’s shortest 3c manufacturing supply chain.
With its unique business model, the former 853 speed – 85% of products go three days – 982 – 98% of products go two days – for new products. In the manufacturing of new products, the group takes only six weeks to complete, on average, a four-month cycle. From a financial point of view, efficient supply chain management leads to a high level of integration for companies.
Māori rates and stock turnover, which reached 9.09 in 2020, are at the forefront of the industry. Long-term stable partnerships, with strong customer stickyness. Corporate clients are well known worldwide electronic equipment brands, including maazon, apple, arris, Cisco, dell, hpe, Hwa, association, etc.
Nokia, Yin Weidah, etc.. This type of manufacturer has a high demand for technology and a large production capacity for the manufacture of products, which requires a great deal of experience in the production process and greater capacity on the part of upstream suppliers.
The procedures for selecting qualified suppliers are rigorous and complex and take longer (2-3 years) and cooperation will not be easy to replace factory vendors; and the company, in collaboration with the enterprise, has for many years developed an in-depth understanding of the needs of its customers, and the time and cost of changing suppliers is much higher.
High, but more sticky, with large customers less likely to suddenly change their suppliers. 1.4 The transformation of the “industrial Internet + smart manufacturing” route is not easy.
The company raised funds for eight projects focusing on industrial Internet platform construction, cloud computing and high-efficiency cloud platforms, high-efficiency data centres, communication networks and cloud service equipment, 5g and interconnectivity solutions, intellectually capable research and development applications for new technologies, intelligent manufacturing industry upgrading and intelligent manufacturing capacity expansion.
Up to the end of 20 years, the company had postponed and adjusted its planned fund-raising projects, with the closure of cloud computing and high-efficiency cloud platforms and 5g and interconnectivity solutions, and the extension of the remaining projects to 2022 and the addition of new intelligence.
Plant modifications, the 5g high-end smartphone institutional smart manufacturing project, the high-end smartphone and sophisticated corporate innovation centre, the new generation-based IT-based development and application of ultra-precision critical technologies and the next generation of telecommunication product research and development centres five projects.
We believe that companies are the leading players in the area of ems, and although only three of their parent companies are integrated, they still earn more than major competitors, such as great power and power. Companies occupy three major advantages: size, efficiency of supply chain operations, and customer resources, and their position in the electronic manufacturing industry is unshakeable.
In the short term, the transformation could lead to a more substantial reduction in the efficiency effects of companies and offset the pressures of rising labour costs in recent years; in the long run, firms still have technical barriers to break, and the transition from traditional factories to industrial Internet enterprises needs to be recognized in the future by capital markets.
Industrial Internet operations account for less than 1 per cent, but have helped more than 50 industrial customers to access industrial Internet platforms, with their future industrial Internet platforms becoming more open to commerce or becoming new profits for companies.
2.1 The growing concentration of electronic equipment manufacturing services and the development of more mature electronic equipment manufacturing industries (ems) in companies are the result of a professional division of labour in the global industrial manufacturing chain.
The industry has two distinct features: 1) heavy assets, which are often required.
There is a need to invest heavily in the production of labour, factories, production equipment, and product line renewals; 2) low Maori, with an average combined Māori rate of about 6% in the industry. These two characteristics have allowed the ems industry to have a more significant scale effect.
Mmi data show that the world ' s top 10 e-manufacturing services firms collected $31,321.1 million in 2016, Cr10 72.97 per cent, and Cr10 increased to 79.74 per cent in 2020, with the first-ranking market share accounting for 31.52 per cent/40.9 per cent of the global ems industry, respectively.
The competitive pattern is stable, the concentration of industries continues to rise with the effect of scale, and the Matthews effect is evident, with corporate groups taking the advantage of absolute weight. The global market in the smart manufacturing of electronics is huge, with an expectation of more than $700 billion in 2024.
Newventurereasearch data, with a global electronic manufacturing services market revenue of $554.1 billion in 2020, affected by the epidemic, with an increase of -0.22 per cent, expected to maintain growth of more than 6 per cent in 2021-2024, and 2.2 mobile communications upgrades to boost demand for communications equipment
Corporate communications network equipment operations as a whole, including network equipment, telecommunications equipment and high-precision institutional equipment: 1) network equipment: network connection equipment and transmission media connected to the network, network set-up produced by the company
The products include network switches, routers, wireless devices, network servers, roof boxes, and smart home gateways. Over 20 years, company network equipment has been shipped 216 million, with major customers such as Cisco, Hpe, Huaiyo, and others.
2) Telecommunications equipment: equipment for the exchange of information through cable or electromagnetic wave signals. The company produces telecommunications equipment products such as operating base stations, light transmission equipment, etc.
3) High-precision institutions for communications network equipment: including high-precision institutions for smart phones, high-precision institutions for smart phones, high-molecular polymers and high-precision institutions for network telecommunications equipment, which are the main parts of smart phones and network equipment. Over 20 years, the volume of shipments from high-precision institutions for corporate communications network equipment was 925 million, with lower visitors.
Households, mainly apples, while simultaneously actively expanding products such as smart homes, have become part of the telecommunications network equipment business, and we believe that the following steady growth in the global telecommunications network equipment market is due mainly to 1) the acceleration of capital activity at 5g in the aftermath of the epidemic and the addition of upstream capital expenditure; 2) the trend in the downstream 5g enabling industries is evident, from the base.
The site-cpe, for example, web-link module, end-b, is in high demand. According to omdia, global base station equipment revenue reached $37.58 billion in 2020, an increase of 8.3 per cent, of which 5g base station revenue reached $19 billion, making it the largest contribution to global base station revenue.
According to data from dell'oroggroup and idc, the size of the global telecoms industry increased from $105 billion to $114.5 billion between 2018 and 2020, and is expected to remain on the rise to $120 billion in 2021. The market size of the network equipment industry increased from $48.6 billion to $49 billion, forecastly.
For 21 years, we expect the global telecommunication network equipment market to grow at a rate of 4% over the next three years. Companies in the areas of networks, telecommunications equipment are global leaders, such as Cisco, Huaiang, Nokia, hop. We believe that, with the advantage of the size of downstream customers in the 5g era, the company's performance has increased over the next three years.
Since 2016, the global market for smartphones has tended to saturate, increasing significantly.
According to the idc database, there were about 1,465 million items in 2017, a 0.5 per cent decrease from 2016, and a decline in the rapid growth of smartphones, driven by penetration, which is now more mature.
In our view, the main driving force behind the growth of the industry in the future is the demand for a change of user power created by the structural upgrading of products driven by technology. In the next three years, new products, such as 5g for new and folding screens, will remain the greatest opportunity.
Now, in 2025, it is expected to reach 1,574 million, of which 5g smartphones will account for 69% of global sales, and mobile phone high-precision structuredware operations are expected to increase steadily with large clients. Apple contributes about 20-30% to the company's overall collection of high-precision structured units.
Over the past 16 years, the global penetration of smartphones has saturated, and year-on-year sales have declined. With the 19-year-old 5-g’s official opening and the next-half-year apple price reduction, the iPhone 11 series has been launched.
The share of apple has been rising since 20 years, and 21q4 is 22% in a single quarter. We believe that, in a context where the upgrading of the product structure is driving the growth of sales, the apple, as the leading global manufacturer of technology and sales, is the firm most likely to sustain the increase in sales through technological innovation.
Relationships, the world’s largest surrogate, are expected to keep up with clients at a steady rate. According to statista, the global market for smart households was $7,878 million in 2020, an increase of 16.57 per cent compared to the same year, with intellectual equipment, controlled connections, and safe products accounting for 37 per cent.20 per cent of 15 per cent, respectively.
In 2020 there was an increase of 11.3 per cent in the same year for smart households, and in 2020 there was an increase of over 20 per cent in the number of items developed and exported, including 4 kott series of live video devices, mesh home wireless networks, ip web cameras, smart doorbells and smart sound boxes.
More than 55 million mobile audio devices were delivered, stabilizing the world ' s lead. 2.3 The wave of data centre construction boosted the growth of cloud service equipment operations by 40.6 per cent; the Māori rate remained largely stable, at 4.63 per cent in 20 years, for the company ' s combined Māori Gonn.
Roughly 22.54 per cent were donated, and the operations consisted mainly of high-precision institutional units for servers, storage equipment and cloud service equipment: 10,000 units, with major clients being amazon, dell, hpe, etc.) Storage equipment: 2.18 million units in 20 years for servers, with major clients being amazon, etc.)
3) High-precision facility for cloud services: is the main zero component of cloud services equipment, with 27.7 million shipments over 20 years, with the main clients being cloud services and related solution brand service providers, cloud clothing
The high-intensity of data centre construction has led to steady growth in the upstream manufacturing industry. The number of megadata centres worldwide was 700 in 2021, 2.7 times the number of large data centres in 15 years.
And big data is the main reason for the growth of data centres, which are expected to continue to grow at a high rate in the coming years as new scenarios, such as 5g, physical networking, industrial Internet, cloud transfer and downstream intelligent driving, ar/vr, become more demand for data centres in the future.
Continued growth, with the majority of servers deployed in data centres; total global market revenue for servers and storage equipment of $21.021 billion in 2020, compared with a compound growth rate of 8.8 per cent over the past five years, is expected to change the commercial model of the server industry over the next three years in the context of cloud computing.
Households are often targeted at governments, banks, businesses, etc., individual users have high requirements for server stability and after-sale service quality, and the odm manufacturer is subject to both of these points and has been unable to enter directly downstream users. Cloud computing has led to a significant increase in the demand for data centres by cloud service providers, whose data centres have adopted large rules.
The structural design of the entire server group, which has reduced the stability requirements for individual servers, has enhanced the competitiveness of the former white-card (odm) server vendor, which was unable to access the data centre owing to lack of stability. And since the cloud computing firm was largely transformed from the Internet and software company, it managed the software.
The market share of the odm producers worldwide has continued to grow. Client odm manufacturers have high capacity and high production capacity.
The advantages of speed, high customization, and low prices have led cloud providers to move away from traditional branders’ generic servers to direct purchase of customized servers by odm manufacturers. According to idc, the global service delivery volume in 2020 was 12.2 million, an increase of 6.6 per cent; sales revenue of $70.9 billion, an increase of 13.8 per cent compared to the previous year;
In view of the trend in the share of odm servers, 21q1odm servers account for 31.7% worldwide, companies raise the ratio of jdm and odm models, and the market share and profitability of cloud services is expected to increase significantly. Companies follow industry trends, with the previous Oem surrogate model actively moving to jdm and ddm
The ipo mobilizes funds to invest $4,967 million in communications networks and cloud services, 1,005 million in cloud computing and efficient computing platforms, and 1,216 million in efficient data centre projects. The company is actively enhancing its design development capabilities, and its clients are currently working with the traditional server branders dell and hpe.
The annual Māori rate for corporate cloud service equipment operations is 4.58 per cent, and the company is expected to increase its market share and profitability by bypassing branders to deliver directly to end-users as cloud service providers increase their procurement of odms in the future.
Industrial Internet is the product of a new generation of ICT and the depth of modern industrial technology, as well as an important vehicle for digitizing, intelligentizing and networking industries. Industrial networking achieves full perception, dynamic transmission and real-time analysis of industrial data by building basic networks that connect machines, materials, people, and information systems.
3.1 The industrial Internet is a necessary trend for industrial upgrading, with the demographic dividend diminishing and cost-control pressures increasing. The surrogate industry has a low profitability, and companies have benefited from the domestic economy in the past.
In recent years, the cost of labour has risen, corporate pressure on cost control has increased, and the price-resistance model has become unsustainable in the future. In 2020, the average per capita annual salary of our manufacturing industry rose to $828,000, which exceeds that of the developed countries, Portugal ($992.92).
In this context, industrial goods networking is an important way to improve manufacturing competitiveness and achieve mitigation efficiency. Policy increases continue, and the age of intelligent manufacturing accelerates.
In December 17, the State Council issued an industrial Internet platform document - in December, the Ministry of Industry and Communications set up a special working group on the industrial Internet, focusing on the integration and integration of the development of the country's industrial Internet; and in November 21 the “14th Five” Informationization and Deep Industrialization Development.
In the Plan, it is proposed that the digitalization of business management by 2025 will reach 80 per cent, digital development and development 85 per cent, design tools 68 per cent, key process numbers control 68 per cent, industrial Internet platforms 45 per cent, and corporate digital smart manufacturing and industrial Internet platforms will not be upgraded.
Figure 39: Policy additions, frequent industrial Internet-related policies The industrial Internet will significantly enhance the firm’s flexible manufacturing capacity and production efficiency.
The era of strong, bulk production is gradually being replaced by production that can adapt to changing market dynamics. Industrial Internet allows smart equipment, process transparency, dataization, rapid adjustment of production lines and supply chains in response to changes in the manufacturing and production environments.
In the case of the company's lighthouse factory, the Faust Kwan-Hhan factory introduced advanced analytical and flexible automation techniques on a large scale, re-engineered the manufacturing system, increasing direct labour productivity by 86% and reducing quality losses by 38%.
The delivery cycle was reduced to 48 hours (by 29 per cent), while flexible automation techniques were introduced at the factory in Fujimongzhou, increasing labour productivity by 102 per cent and using digital and artificial intelligence technologies, reducing quality deficiencies by 38 per cent and improving the overall efficiency of equipment by 27 per cent.
The industrial Internet is at the heart of the industrial Internet. It is divided into three levels: network, platform, and security, where the network is the foundation, platform is the core, and security is the guarantee. The industrial Internet platform is the hub of industrial intelligence, which is essentially a new technology, such as traditional cloud platform stacking networks, big data, and artificial intelligence.
Modularization, softwareization and reuse of industrial technologies and experiences, building of integrated storage, integration, analysis, and management of integrated industrial energy platforms. The platform helps enterprises to achieve efficiency gains first through access to data on different production chains and later through production methods and business models.
The number of industrial enterprises is about 399.94 million, of which 39.14 million, or 9799%, are small and medium-sized enterprises, and the demand and space for industrial connectivity are enormous. According to Sadie's consultant, the size of our industrial Internet market in 2020 was 671.270 billion yuan, with a projected capr of 14 per cent over the next three years and its size by 2023.
3.2 Industrial Internet operations have benefited from internal upgrades and have shifted to a continuous external export aid company with cloud computing, mobile terminals, object networking, big data, artificial intelligence, high-speed network plus robotics and precision tools at its core, building sensor-based calculations, fog brain edges, Fujikang industrial clouds
Platforms (fiicloud) and microcloud are divided into four-layered industrial Internet platform structures for professional cloud applications, divided into platform layers, cloud cover layers, core layers and application layers.
Internet Microservice + intermediate; core layer includes fog brain, corepro open platform; application layer includes microcloud. Chart 42: Corporate industrial Internet platform structure
The objective of the Internet is to achieve a model of industrial technology and knowledge.
Modeling, softwareing, reuse, etc., requires a long period of industrial experience and a deep understanding of the business patterns and needs of different industrial sites. The parent company is the largest 3c sub-employer in the world, with extensive production process experience in the field of electrical sub-equipment manufacturing, and companies are better able to intelligently target industrial pain points.
2) At the heart of the industrial Internet platform is data, where companies have accumulated big industrial data in the 3c manufacturing field, laying a good foundation for building the platform’s ecology. The industrial Internet platform is mainly based on a build-up of data through paas, processing, analysis of industrial data and value mining using i-tech techniques such as mathematical statistics, machine learning, etc.
This allows for the prediction and optimization of materials, operations, etc. in the production chain. Corporate groups have a strong sense of data quality management in terms of large industrial data, and in the production process they accumulate a large amount of industrial production data through data screening and optimization of stored formulas, thus providing a good basis for their entry into the industrial Internet intelligent manufacturing field.
3) The Fiicloud industrial Internet platform has been well practiced within the enterprise and has helped to transform its customers by exporting out. The company started to develop the industrial Internet platform beacon in 2015 and in 2016 formally applied it to its own production process, with the Beacon industrial Internet platform changing its name in 2019.
For the Ficloud industrial Internet platform, in 2019, and for the second consecutive year in 2020, the industrial Internet platform was selected. In addition to the four factories of Wuhan, Chengdu, Zhengzhou and Shenzhen within the corporate group, which were selected for the global lighthouse plant (only 90 globally), the company has landed more than 50 important clients on the industrial Internet.
Services, including the Min-Shin Group, the Chinese Shin-de-ka (elected lighthouse factory), the Chinese Car Group, the new energy source, Xinhua Medical Care and Seagull Residents, etc. According to the company's Lighthouse Pilot Scheme, it is expected that in the next five years (1) 10 industry leaders will be assisted
Enterprise-building as a world-class lighthouse plant conversion pole; (2) enabling 100 leading enterprises to achieve a complete digital transformation; (3) importing digital technology applications for 1,000 manufacturing enterprises; (4) providing industrial and technological platform services for 50,000 small home enterprises. Industry is expected to interact with each other as industrial Internet operations unfold rapidly.
Networking operations will rapidly increase their share, further driving the shift in corporate revenue structure and profitability. 3.3 companies’ access to the “soft power” of the industrial Internet remains to be addressed.
Most of the country’s manufacturing industries are still in the process of automating, with a rate of only 15 to 25% in the 3c sector, which cannot be completely removed from human operations. The industrial Internet is based on the collection of production data through the embedding of sensors on automated equipment, and the industrial Internet is flat in the context of the low level of automation in most enterprises.
It is often difficult to maximize its effectiveness. This has led to a greater capacity for industrial data analysis at a later stage of the company’s outreach to industrial Internet platforms. The upgrading of industrial data analysis capacity requires a stronger inventory of cloud computing, artificial intelligence, and big data technology.
This will lead to an explosion in big industrial data, with an exponential increase in the degree of complexity of the corresponding algorithms, which would require firms to have stronger ai and big data technologies, which have less accumulation. In recent years, firms have developed 2.67 per cent of R & D; but there is still a gap between firms and competitors in terms of horizontal R & D ratios.
As companies step up their R & D efforts in the future and enhance their technological capabilities, the platform’s use will be significantly superior Figure 44: 20 years of technology, R & D costs for assemblers, and R & D rates Comparison of investment in machine visual and industrial software, further enhancing soft power.
Soft power is also enhanced by investing in M&As. Twenty years of corporate investment in a joint venture between the two sides, the company's vision and artificial intelligence has been sped up in the future lighthouse plant. Twenty years of acquisition of 15.19% of the top software to further enhance the company's industrial softness through cooperation between the two sides.
1) Communications network equipment operations: the company ' s 21h1 and 5g-related product operations have increased significantly by three times over the same period last year, and we believe that we will benefit in the future from 1) the 5g capital acceleration under the outbreak repair, upstream capital expenditure plus coded; 2) the downward 5g enabling industry trend is clear, from base stations-cpe etc.
The company’s customers in the network, telecommunications, etc. are global leaders, such as Cisco, Huaihua, Nokia, Hpe, who have benefited from the size advantage of downstream customers in the 5g era, and will outpace the industry’s performance in the next three years.
Average increase in speed; in terms of structure, benefiting from an increase in the volume of mobile phones delivered by large downstream clients; and 2) cloud service equipment operations: 21h1 obtains orders from cloud service clients' mainframes, of which csp has increased by double digits on the same basis, and we believe that with downstream 5g, object networking, etc.
The demand for data centres, such as car connectivity, industrial Internet, etc., will continue to grow, servers, storage units, the market will remain high, and as the ratio of odm manufacturers increases further, corporate cloud services equipment 3) industrial Internet operations: industrial Internet operations have become the fastest growing business for companies, and companies have become the fastest growing ones.
Industrial Internet services are located in more than 50 important clients and, as smart manufacturing and industry interact with each other, the cost assumption is that corporate customer structures are generally stable and internal management mature, so sales/management costs are assumed to remain at 0.5 per cent per cent for 21-23 years and 20 years, respectively;
The Division accelerated the transition to odm/jdm, with more emphasis on R & D inputs, and the R & D cost ratio of 21q3 has been used to value companies using the pe valuation method, and to compare sophisticated telecommunications, circular electrons, confidant communications, and Idron as comparable companies, compared to the average of peer comparable companies in 2020/2011/2022.
At the same time, active expansion of industrial Internet operations is expected to be based on a double 356 billion dollar “intellectual manufacturing + industrial Internet” covering the first “buy-in” rating. Internal group optimization, the use of precision tools and industrial robots and the adaptation of foreign lighthouse plants, etc.
There is a risk of business sustainability and a lack of clarity in long-term business models.  The company's main business is the production of electronic equipment, and there is a risk of higher prices of upstream raw materials, such as chips, but the company
Some of the contracts have shifted from the “buyandsell” model to the “consignment” model, which is expected to reduce the risk of price volatility of raw materials that companies have to assume.
The ems industry is at the bottom of the smile curve, with increased competition in the whole generation of processing operations, low-risk Māori rates, but Māori rates are expected to be maintained or further increased as firms shift more R&D towards odm, high-value-added product restructuring and high Māori occupation ratios.
The company's main business was settled in non-KPY (in United States dollars), with currency exchange losses due to exchange rate fluctuations, and then the final rating was calculated on average to serve as the market average investment