In the short term, the volume has risen, and 21h2 performance will continue to grow.
\triangleright \triangleright \carbide release supercharged product rises and 21h2 performance is expected to continue to increase. (1) Zborg II is expected to grow. Performance begins gradually from q3.
The first batch of devices (general depressure and related utility engineering devices, etc.) was put into operation on 1 November 2020 and is steadily increasing in production. According to the report, the time period between the operationalization and the completion of the ZPC phase was approximately six months before the end of the year, and the speed at which it was fully operational.
The company’s product spans three categories of petroleum-chemical-chemical fibre optics. The same month’s pi ratio in the sub-sectors. At the same time, as a result of the company’s refining projects, the products are largely self-sufficient in raw materials, and the price increases can be fully enjoyed.
In the medium-to-long term, the company will gradually move from the refining enterprise to the integrated platform of the new material and the refined chemical industry, relying on the raw material platform provided by the major refining.
The company relies on the raw materials, the active expansion of new materials and the fine-tuning of industrial products provided by the Great Refinery Project. According to the announcement, we have combed several product lines that the company will be expanding downstream: (1) polyester plates: traditional plates, stronger than pta and px. The company has 1.29 million tonnes of filamental capacity, and 3 million tonnes of polyester bottle participation holdings per year.
In addition, the company owns 16.5 million tonnes/year of shareholding pta production. (2) Polyolefins: Ito zerochemicals project, large-scale ethylene layout project, expansion of a wide range of ethylene downstream products.
Postnatal companies will have ethylene production capacity of 2.8 million tonnes/year and styrene production capacity of 1.9 million tonnes/year. (3) Engineering plastics (pc): Pc products that form a whole industry chain layout. Two phases of petrochemical projects have planned a total of 520,000 tonnes/year of polycarbonate: and one project will design phenol production capacity of 210,000 tonnes/year, acetone production capacity of 140,000 tonnes/year, phase II
Project design of new energy plates such as phenol production capacity of 80,000 tonnes/year; and (4)eva: Distribution-related material using the wind of new energy sources.
It should be 12.7.9.7.8.3 times higher for rubber, such as sbs, abs. Reference should be made to pe 19.7 times higher in 2021, compared to the shares of the company Kion-kun in the East, the rainbows, the helium petrochemicals and the salivated petrochemicals, taking into account the continuous climbs in the second phase of carcinogenization and the new downstream materials.
Precious petrochemicals (002493): Pulse II + construction will drive sustained growth in corporate performance and maintain a “recommended” rating.
Risks of slower slopes in the second phase of petrochemical production: risk of slower recovery of downstream demand in the polyester industry: risk of sharp fluctuations in prices of oil and finished products.
Yang Jianxing, the Nanjing University Land Department, in conjunction with the University of Rutgers Department of Chemicals, has developed a Ph.D. (Geoprospecting and Information Technology, Calculating chemistry and Hydrocarbon Resources) and is a graduate in geochemistry. In October 2014, he joined the People’s Biological Securities Unit to conduct industrial research in the direction of petrochemicals and building materials, and in the best petrochemical and construction materials industry in China in 2015, he has had research experience in the automotive, shipping and military industries.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.