Pulse petrochemical phase II, with a steady increase in Māori sales of $10,122 million, an increase of 79.08% from the same period. Pulse phase II was released, and the company sold Māori.
Net profits increased significantly in the first three quarters of 2021, and performance was in line with expectations: in the first three quarters of 2021, companies achieved a three-quarter review of Emeritus petrochemicals The net profits of shareholders in listed companies were 3,555 million yuan, an increase of 45.47 per cent over the same period. The main reason for the significant increase in performance was that
As crude oil prices rise, the price of finished oils and chemicals rises significantly over the same period last year. According to the Bichuan statistics, pure benzene, styrene, butadiene, acetylene, and acetylene in the first three quarters of 2021, prices have increased by more than 50% over the same period last year.
In addition to the increase in production and sales, both gentrified bottles and Insein technology films, and congested polyester longlines have added productive capacity and contributed to the profits. The company’s Māori sales rate of 23.34%, 27.32%, and 30.28% have continued to rise in the first three quarters.
In the third quarter of 2021, the cost of crude oil rose to $73.22 per barrel in the third quarter of 2021, and the ring increased by 6.09% over the second quarter.
Prices of px, pta and scrubbed filaments increased slightly, while the price of styrene, polyethylene, polypropylene, pc, etc. fell to varying degrees. In the third quarter, diesel fuel and low sulfur fuel rings increased by 1-5% over the second quarter. While in the third quarter, petrochemical phase II began to contribute, the cost increase pressure was significant.
Pulse II is more competitive: Pulse II is under construction, with a total of 20 million tonnes/year crude oil processing capacity, with new products such as PVeva, abs and sybutylene rubber, butylene rubber to be added downstream of a post-aerocarbon, and the ratio of chemical and refined oil products to refined oil products will be further increased in the future.
With the steady increase in sales of petrochemical projects, the gross sales interest rate for companies in the first three quarters of 2021 was 27.28 per cent, and it increased by 4.39 percentage points on a seasonal basis compared to the same period in 2020.
The average market price of pure benzene, styrene and px in the first three quarters of 2021 was 438 million yuan (unaudited) in net profits from gold petrochemicals in the first half of the year, compared to only 83 million yuan (audited) in the whole year of 2020. It is expected that the future will benefit from continued downstream expansion and the recovery of final consumer goods from the epidemic.
The demand for aromatic hydrocarbons is expected to continue, and based on the continued production of phase II and the high ups and downs of the polyesters chain, the rises and the rises of petrochemicals.
Psychic projects are not as productive as expected; crude oil prices are highly volatile; and due to the continued deterioration of the global new crown epidemic is evident.
Chemical industry: chemical fibres