In the first three quarters of the year, the company achieved business income of $12,357 million, an increase of 66.66 per cent over the previous three quarters.
Double-consumption policies put pressure on high energy prices, with a slight decline in three quarters. Since this year, \triangleright energy shortages are expected to add to the decline in crude oil stocks, and crude oil prices have continued to rise, up to 2021.
The price of raw materials from petrochemical enterprises is strong at an average price of $611/68.9/73.2 per barrel for the third quarter. At the demand end, benefiting from the continued global recovery from the epidemic, petrochemical products prices have continued to rise, prices have fallen widely and refining profits have increased substantially.
Short supply of tools and raw materials, partial start-up rate of installations, excessive price accumulations of crude oil, coal, etc., and a slight decline in the refined profit ring ratio of the petrochemical phase I project. The average single-ton net profit in the pta sector also shows a better trend downstream, with a single-ton net profit in the previous three quarters.
There's a degree of loss. The need for a three-quarter downstream twister is recovering at a slower rate than expected, "Golden petrochemical: 45 billion refined profit centers, eight times the base of historical valuations."
Average net single-ton profits in the Poy and Fody industries declined significantly in the three quarters, with net single-ton gains in the first three quarters of $249.9/358.7/162.8 and $872.22.1/48.8, respectively, but due to higher shutdowns and supply constraints in the dty industry in the third quarter, the average profits in the dty sector increased slightly in the first three quarters
A single-ton net profit of $287.4/428.0/497.4 and a slight drop in the company’s three-quarter long-silent profit ring. Overall, the market was up in the first three quarters of 2021, and the company took advantage of the industry as a leader. Upward, the first three quarters performed well, but three quarters were subject to policy adjustments and energy prices too fast.
As one of the most advanced refineries in the country, under pressure tests for a sharp drop in oil prices in 2020, carcinogenization made $11.2 billion in the first phase, based on Glory: 45 billion in the centre of refining profits, eight times the base of historical valuations.
We believe that, as the policy direction becomes clear, the policy will be implemented in a rational manner, and high-quality productive capacity will benefit. The petrochemical phase one or two is well advanced, and the entire industrial chain is ripe for refining.
\triangleright 40 million tons of refined integration project phase full post-partum at the end of 2019 and 2020 company Sindha Securities Inc.
The performance has grown in reverse. The current bipolar phase II constant depressure devices, ethylene devices and partially downstream cindasecuritiesco., ltd devices are in the test phase, the rest of the devices are steadily moving forward, and the start-up load continues to increase.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Park Street in the West Side of Beijing City, after the launch of the Pyrochemical II project, which will result in 40 million tonnes/year refined oil, 8 million tonnes/year dibenzene, 2.8 million tonnes/year of ethylene production and a significant increase in the maturity of the company's petrochemical chain.
Strong. Significant downstream production of raw materials such as px, benzene, acetylene, butadiene in the industrial chain can continue to increase, and synergies between production lines are increasing, and the market rate is expected to rise again. Chemical products such as polycarbonate, eva, polyether polyol, high-pressure polyethylene, etc. in the current market
The value-added of the product will increase as a result of a high degree of self-sustainability, a large supply and demand gap, and a full post-partum phase II. With the second phase of consolidation, the company’s profitability elasticity will increase, and the valuation hub is expected to further lift the crude oil import quota for phase II, guaranteeing the orderly release of the second phase of production.
On 25 October, the Ministry of Commerce approved the 20 million tonnes/year refining integration project for phase II of the \triangleright phase, the first batch of non-State trade import commitments, respectively
With a quota of 12 million tons of crude oil imported in 2021, the supply of raw materials up the industrial chain has been fully secured, enabling phase two devices to reach production. The country’s double carbon policy has become more frequent, accelerating the process of refining the industry’s advantages and disadvantages.
The Council of State issued the Opinion on the Complete and Accurate Implementation of the New Development Concept for Carbon-According Carbon-Income and Work, the State Council issued the Circular on the Publication of the Carbon-According Action Programme to 2030 (State Release No. [2021] 23), and the National Development Reform Commission issued the Promulgation on Strict Energy Efficiency Constraint
Some ideas on energy efficiency reduction in the focal area and the Action Programme for Energy Conservation and Reduction in the Focused Chemical Industry (2021-2025), which promotes carbon peaks in the petrochemical sector, severely controls additional refining capacity and controls a single processing capacity in the country of up to 1 billion tons by 2025.
We believe that in an environment of limited supply-side development, petrochemicals use whole-hydrogen processes, relying on “reduced oil” refining devices to optimize energy use and reduce the intensity of energy consumption per unit to facilitate low-carbon development of the industrial chain.
Valuations and comparable corporate valuations. The petrochemical phase contributes to the year-round performance, the second phase is nearing completion, and the commissioning of a variety of new chemical materials will enhance the company’s performance elasticity and valorization hub.
Risk factors: risk of large short-term fluctuations in crude oil prices; risk of less than expected recovery of demand; risk of excess refining capacity; risk of less than expected completion of phase II petrochemical projects; risk of less than expected progress in construction of ongoing projects by companies; risk of slow recovery of profits from downstream products.
In 2017, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research on the chain of crude oil, gas, and garment industries, as well as investment assessment of the petrochemicals project of the Chinese firm Sinda Asset Management.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.