In the third quarter, the net return to the mother was 3,555 million yuan, compared to the increase in the third quarter.
45.47 per cent. Release of the benefits of phase II phase-out from petrochemicals. Net profits increased significantly in the first three quarters of 2021 and performance met expectations: companies issued a performance forecast for the first three quarters of 2021 and the first three quarters of Emeritus.
Pre-performance announcements, net profit on shareholders belonging to listed companies in the first three quarters of $10.122 billion, 79.08 per cent higher than the previous year; net profit on shareholders belonging to listed companies in the third quarter, $3.555 billion, equal growth of 45.47 per cent. The main reason for the significant increase in performance was the significant increase in profits from the petrochemical integration project, with crude oil.
Prices have risen, and the prices of finished oils and chemicals have risen significantly over the same period last year. The average prices for pure benzene, styrene, butadiene, acetylene and acetylene increased by more than 50% in the first three quarters of 2021 over the same period last year. Moreover, compared to the same period last year, new petrochemicals have increased their production and sale.
Both the technology film and the polyester filament have increased production capacity and contributed to the profits. Cost increases in the third quarter of 2021, with different product prices: Brent crude oil prices averaged $65.2 per barrel in the first half of 2021, and Brent crude oil prices increased to $73.22 in the third quarter of 2021.
Metrics/bunkers, with a 6.09% increase over the second quarter. For the main products of the refining project, the average price of only butadiene ring increased by more than 30%, while the price of pure benzene, ethylene, acrylene, px, pta, and molten filaments increased slightly, while the price of styrene, polyethylene, polypropylene, pc and pc fell to varying degrees in the third quarter.
Diesel and low-sulphur fuel rings are priced at a different range of 1-5% compared to the second quarter, but they are not as high as oil. Although the third quarter has begun to contribute to the performance of the second phase of petrochemicals, there is a significant upward pressure on costs.
Crude oil processing capacity, with new photovoltaic-gradeeva, abs and shunt rubber, butene rubber, chemical products and refined oil products to be added downstream of the built-up hydrocarbon, which will increase further over the first phase of the project, is expected to be more competitive in the future with the launch of the ZP II project. The company ' s chemical plate reached Māori in the first half of 2021.
Central gold petrochemicals benefit from aromatic cycle warming: the base price of aromatic hydrocarbons recovered in 2021, with the market averages for pure benzene, styrene and px increasing by 66.73 per cent in the first half of 2021 compared to the average market price in 2020, according to company announcements, net profits from gold petrochemicals amounted to $438 million (unaudited) in the first half of 2021, compared to 2020.
It's only 83 million yuan (audited) for the year. The demand for aromatic hydrocarbons is expected to continue as production continues downstream and end consumer goods recover from the epidemic.
Monumentary petrochemicals: leaders in the polyester industry, private purification wind, less than expected; high volatility in crude oil prices; indicator of the continued deterioration of the global new crown epidemic
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for securities investment consulting business Chemical: chemical fibres