Nanjing Bank (601009). The undervalued high-quality city comptoir. Nanjing Bank is listed at the same time as Ningpo Bank, the first two city comptoirs. For a considerable period (2012-2017), the valuation level is not very different from Ningbo Bank.
After that, the difference in valuation between Nanking Bank and Ningpo Bank, for example, has widened as a result of different strategies and major operations, which have put more pressure on Nanjing Bank to operate in deleveraging, slower recovery and net profit growth. After 2018, the difference between Nanjing Bank and Ningbo Bank has grown.
Today, the Bank of Nanjing is on the move, management is on the move, and there are no other valuation constraints. At the same time, the Bank of Nanjing has responded to market trends, and has been doing a great deal of retailing. Since 2017, the Bank of Nanjing has been implementing a large retailing strategy.
In 2021, the first digital credit card ncard was launched, wired offline, total equity/flow (million shares)
The consumer finance business is above the total market value/flow (million yuan) and the Bank of Nanjing as a whole, and large consumer finance helps raise the level of the roa and roe.
The 12-month maximum/minimum ($) focus on large retail strategies is beginning to work, and post-reform business development is more imaginative. The current valuation of Nanjing Bank has a strong regional advantage.
The Bank of Nanjing was about 8.7% in the Nanjing region by the end of the third quarter, ranked second only after the workshops. The Bank of Nanjing had excellent asset quality and high risk resilience.
At the end of the day, Nanjing’s bank failure rate was 0.9 per cent, the second lowest rate among listed city comptoirs (after Ningpo Bank), and the concentration ratio continued to fall below comparable counterparts. The provision coverage rate was 379.93 per cent, with high risk resilience.
Investment proposal: Nanjing Bank Roe is in third place in the upper-market comptoirs, bad rate Qualification Code: s11905171001 is the second lowest in the upper-market comptoirs.
Performance leads to more growth points and is expected to raise the level further. But the valuation level is only 1 xpb to the net profit of shareholders in listed companies by 2022. Nanjing Bank (601009), an undervalued high-quality city comptoir.
Nanjing Bank (601009); undervalued Quality City Bank; Nanjing Bank (601009); undervalued Quality City Bank; Nanjing Bank (601009); undervalued Quality City Bank;
The Bank of Nanjing was established on 6 February 1996 as the fourth city comptoir established after Shenzhen, Shanghai and Beijing. Its predecessor, the Nanjing City Cooperative Bank, was established on 7 August 1995. In April 1998, it was renamed the Nanjing City Business Bank, and in December 2006 it was renamed the Nanjing Bank.
In 2005, BNP Paribas acquired 10% of its shares and 9.2% of its shareholders, making it the second largest shareholder in the Bank of Nanjing. After several shifts in equity, BNP now holds 13.92%, the first largest shareholder in the Bank of Nanjing.
The Bank of Nanjing was listed successfully on 19 July 2007 as one of the first two city comptoirs to be listed. The Bank is concentrated in the Nanjing region, based on local good-quality small and medium-sized enterprises and residential businesses.
First largest shareholder. The first branch was established in 2007 and since then, cross-regional operations have continued. In 2016, it was achieved, with the Chinese Banking Association being ranked 21st on the list of “China Banking 100”. (ii) Equity structure and shareholder background
The Bank of Nanjing introduced the Expatriate Strategic Investor International Finance Corporation in 2001 and the Bank of Paris in 2005. Today, the Bank of Nanjing has diversified its stockholding, with a relatively balanced share of foreign capital, State capital, and private ownership. The first shareholder is the Bank of Paris, France, with 13.92% of the shares, and the Bank of Nanjing has no real control.
1.0116%, demonstrating confidence in the development prospects of the Nanjing Bank. Following this increase in ownership, the share held by the Purple Gold Group and its co-actors (Southjing Goko, Nanjing City State Asset Investment Management Corporation, Capital Trust) was 22.82%.
Bank of Nanjing (601009). Undervalued high-quality city comptoirs have excellent asset quality, high risk resilience, and the level of asset quality of Nanjing banks is excellent among comparable counterparts. Bank failure in Nanjing has been lower than it is until 2020.
In the third quarter of the year, the Bank of Nanjing reported a poor rate of 0.9 per cent, the second lowest among the listed comptoirs. In 2020, poor recognition and disposal of the industry accelerated, and the Bank of Nanjing ' s invisibility continued to decline, with the proportion of concern declining after peaking in the first quarter of 2020. As at the end of the third quarter, the proportion of concern groups was 1.18 per cent, down from the pre-epidemiology level, and was the fourth lowest among the listed comptoirs.
In general, Nanjing banks have become poorly cleared, assets are of better quality than colleagues, and risk-resistant. Nanjing Bank (601009); undervalued, high-quality city comptoirs have responded to market trends and have been highly retailed and traded.
“Retailing transformation” is the strategy most frequently cited by banks in recent years. The marketization of interest rates and the downside of interest rates, and the tight regulation of off-the-shelf and business practices have led to the gradual abandonment of the traditional model of development based solely on growth in scale (especially on indebtedness out of the line of indebtedness, rapid growth out of scale, and off-the-register operations out of regulatory scrutiny), with light capital and consolidation.
The Bank of Nanjing released its Large Retail Strategy in late 2016. In 2017, the Big Retail Strategy was fully established at the head office level: the Department of Retail Finance, the Department of Network Finance, the Department of Channels and Client Services, the Consumer Finance Centre, which formed a retail business management committee, innovation.
Commission. In 2018, the collaboration mechanism was further optimized, vertical guidance and management support for branch and branch retail business development was strengthened, and the structure of the retail business organization “one-way t” was completed. In 2019, the Nanjing Bank launched a new five-year strategic plan to continue the promotion of “large retail” and “trading banks.” At the same time, the Nanjing Bank increased its investment in science and technology to contribute significantly to technology.
Retail strategy. A smart wind control system is in place, with a risk management model covering the full business cycle, which ensures the healthy development of retail operations through risk management pre-positions. In 2021, Nanjing Bank launched a ncard, dynamic digital credit card and consumer finance operation.
Cards are sent, with the fastest 10 seconds down, and can be tied directly to payment treasures, micro-letters, and the full consumer scene can be returned. These unique services make Ncard more attractive to young people, believing that Ncard will be a breakthrough point for Nanjing Bank to nurture young customers. Consumable gold is a low capital occupation, with the level of roa being higher than that of other businesses (about 2% in 2019 and 0.96% in Nanjing Bank as a whole).
Active consumer finance will raise the level of Nanjing’s bank roa, opening up space for long-term development. Since the implementation of the “big retail” strategy, Nanjing’s retail deposits and loans have been growing at a higher rate of performance, with retail deposits rising in relation to total deposits.
The Trading Banking Strategy is a parallel transformational focus to the Great Retail Strategy. Trading banking is also the former Nanjing Bank of Nanjing (601009); the undervalued advantage of the city’s comptoirs.
At the end of the first half of 2020, transaction banks effectively settled 46520 clients, with transactions totalling $119.8 billion. The transactions bank customers, volume of business, and income have grown steadily.
Since 2011, the local expansion of the city’s comptoirs has been hampered, and the geographical differences in the city’s comptoirs determine the many differences in asset quality, project reserves, and the cost of indebtedness. The Nanjing Bank is based in Jiangsu province, where the long-drawn triangle and the kyung-jung province are located. The Jiangsu province’s gdp stock is the second highest in the country, where the gdp is growing faster than the national average, and the Nanjing city’s economy is growing faster than the entire province. The Nanjing Bank is currently ranked in the Nanjing city.
Second, there is a deeper cooperation with the local government. The Nanjing Bank is located in a region where it is determined to have unique conditions to accompany local and surrounding economic growth, which is the reason why its roe level is higher than the average, and its bad rate is lower than the average, and management is in place to adjust and value very high value for money.
The capital adequacy level is the core indicator of bank regulation, and the capital adequacy level determines the upper limit of the bank’s size increase, and thus the scope for the bank’s performance growth. The capital replenishment of listed banks is usually smooth, but whether the Nanjing Bank’s plan to increase in 2018 was met, this event not only affected the company’s capital replenishment at the core level, but also became a significant constraint on its valuation for a considerable period of time.
By the end of the third quarter of 2020, the core capital adequacy rate for Nanking Bank was 9.86%, an increase of 0.99 percentage points from the end of 2019. Today, the core capital replenishment level for Nanking Bank Bank Bank Bank Bank is fourth in the upper city comptoirs, and the high level of Nanking Bankroe is home-grown.
In October 2020, the company announced a plan for the issuance of remoldable debt, which is expected to be released in an amount not exceeding $20 billion. Currently, the release of the debt is approved by the Superintendency of the Insurance Council, Jiangsu, and is awaiting approval by the CSRC. The level of capital adequacy at the core of the company will be further raised when the transfer is issued and transferred.
Figure 5: Capital adequacy at the core level of Nanking Bank (6010009): undervalued high-quality city comptoirs
In terms of management, in 2019, after the departure of the former president, the farmer was transferred, the position of Governor of the Bank of Nanjing remained vacant for nearly a year. At the same time, in early 2019, there was a significant change in the management of its core business units.
We believe that, with all the career managers’ reforms on the ground, the team’s motivation and competitiveness will be significantly improved. At one point, whether or not the change in management was a major constraint to the Bank’s valuation improvement, the problem is now resolved.
Returning to the basics, Nanjing Bank asset quality and roe levels are among the top players in the industry, while the valuation is still at 1 xpb, and the current valuation is very high value for money.
Since 2017, the banking sector has had a number of special controls, such as the “30-40” special inspections, new regulations, and the gradual return of off-the-shelf banking assets and the gradual release of hidden risks. The banking sector has experienced short-term fluctuations in the quality of its assets as a result of the epidemic in 2020, but, after a round of tight controls, the banking sector has reduced its risk preferences in recent years.
The choice is more prudent than it was a few years ago, so the damage suffered in the epidemic is manageable. But, under the regulatory window, all banks increased the level of bad recognition and treatment in 2020, with the disposal of non-performing loans exceeding $3 trillion in 2020, an increase of $780 billion over the previous year.
Bank performance rebounded sharply in the fourth quarter. All of this reflects the fact that listed banks have been largely exposed and that real asset quality levels have been reversed. The 2021 provision has been reduced, and performance growth has been assured. (ii) Economic recovery has led to a reduction in interest differential pressure.
In 2020, in response to the impact of the epidemic, the financial sector was asked to make concessions to entities, and interest rates on loans continued to decline. But as the economy stabilized, demand improved, policy pressures decreased, and bank spreads stabilized.
After a ten-year period of flat growth, the commercial bank net difference was 2.10% in the fourth quarter of 2020, up from 1 bp in the third quarter. Industry-based roe levels are expected to pick up and improve.
Nanjing Bank (601009). The undervalued high-quality city comptoir's valuation and performance were further polarized.
The development path, dominated by scale expansion, has gradually been abandoned, and listed banks have gradually shifted to differentiated operations. Disparities have also been recognized in the market, as can be seen from the fact that the valuation gap between the 16 top-valued banks and the lowest-valued bank pb gap has increased from 0.4 in August 2015 to the present.
(i) Financial analysis and profit projections of $1 billion, a 2 per cent increase over the same period. The slower rate of performance was due to: (1) increased volatility in investment earnings following the implementation of ifrs9 and a positive/non-interested increase in non-interest income; and (2) higher provisioning than during the same period last year, resulting in slower net profit growth than the recovery rate.
The net interest income for the first three quarters increased by 5.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis, compared to the same period last year (3.3 per cent). The increase in net interest income rebounded mainly as a result of: (i) a narrow reduction in interest differentials, which recovered from 2 bp to 1.59 per cent in the second quarter; and (ii) an increase in the size of the increase in the provision and the provision for the provision for 2021, which resulted in a reduction in pressure and a strong level of certainty in performance.
(ii) Valuation and investment recommendations. Nanjing Bank Roe is the third highest in the listed city comptoirs, and the poor rate is the second lowest in the listed city comptoirs. At present, management adjustments are in place, and dynamic consumer finance will bring more growth points in performance and is expected to raise the Roe level further. However, the valuation level is only 1 xpb
On the contrary, we believe that the current level of valuation is still undervalued. Nanjing Bank (601009), the undervalued high-quality city comptoirs, whose regulatory policies are over-expected tightening, and the higher-than-expected deterioration in the quality of assets due to macroeconomic fluctuations.
Nanjing Bank (601009).
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.