The performance of the company grew significantly, looking at the autonomous and controlled leadership status of the company, which was evaluated in the first quarter of 2019, when the company issued its report in the first quarter of 2019, which generated 2,242 million dollars in revenue from the company ' s main business, an increase of 52.62 per cent.
The net profit on maternity is 51 million, an increase of 122.73 per cent over the same period.A significant increase in performance was made in view of the company's leading position in autonomous and manageable areas.The company's main business income for the first quarter was 2,242 million, an increase of 52.62 per cent over the same period, and the net profit on maternity was 51 million.
This represents an increase of 122.73 per cent over the same period and a net profit of $26 million, or 36.38 per cent over the same period. The inventory for the current period was 2,492 million, or 45 per cent over the same period, and the increase in the revenue from the certification of the main business was mainly due to the pull of related items, such as servers. The company’s sales cost control fee was highly effective, with the company’s sales cost amounted to only $80 million in the first quarter, representing operating income.
3.58 per cent, or 0.67 percentage points less than in the same year, while R & D costs continued to grow at a high rate of 112 million, or 46.94 per cent more than in the same period, and companies are expected to achieve effective cost control and enhance their capacity on an ongoing basis. The current M & A rate was 15.27 per cent, or 2.35 percentage points lower than in the same period, and we believe that the decline in M & D rates was mainly due to a significant increase in the number of servers.
As a result, future sea light chips will be combined with server depths and synergies will increase the company’s overall gross interest rate. In 2018, the company was approved for projects such as “Autonomously Controlable Advanced Computing Equipment Smart Plant” and “National Production Safety Control Advanced Computing System Development” and continued to be achieved in the areas of chip, storage, high-end computers, cloud computing, etc.
Breaking through, building and completing an autonomous and controlled information industry chain, looking at the company’s leading position in the autonomous domain.
Company participation is 23.29%, with China providing digital geo-products and technology development services to users such as defence, government, business, and the general public, and will gradually be replaced by imports of digital geo-products from abroad.
A successful landing of the Star Map will hopefully lead to a re-evaluation of the company. In the context of the period’s aggressive development of self-controllable microchips, the company’s active deployment of the microchip field as an autonomous core of control (603019): synergies are growing.
Industry, we maintain a “recommended rating.” The server industry has become more competitive, the chip production is less than expected.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,