Servers continue to be a top priority, with 86 enjoying the dawn of the industry 20 April 2019: the company issued its quarterly report 2019 on 19 April 2019.
Business income is 2,242 million yuan, an increase of 52.62% over the same period; net profit on maternity is 51 million yuan, an increase over the same period. Wei Hongme's high-end computers are still the top priority.
For these high-end industries, the generation, storage, processing and analysis of big amounts of data all mean an increase in demand for high-end computers. High-end computers are the core of cloud computing services, big data services.
Equipment. So, high-end computer industry development is the foundation and focus of the IT industry. The company is one of the top suppliers of high-end computers in our country, s0340188060023.
Farming in the field, mastering a large amount of core technology, forming a certain industry barrier, companies are the few global suppliers that have access to the technology and form the scale of production. Companies continue to develop research and development for high-end computers, storage, cloud computing, big data, autonomous software, etc., and in 2019.
A steady increase in performance was achieved in the first quarter of 2019, with a projected contribution of 1,783 million yuan from high-end computer products, 215 million yuan from storage products and 214 million yuan from software operations. Cost control raised net interest rates.
The net interest rate of the company rose by 1 percentage point to 2.32 per cent on the same date. The sales rate fell by 1.29 percentage points on the same basis, the management rate (including R & D rates) fell by 0.72 percentage points on the same basis, and the server is expected to continue to develop at a high rate.
Servers can be divided into x86 servers and x86 servers according to the processor's structure. The most widely used server is the universal x86 server. In recent years, governments have been promoting the planning of intelligent cities, and local governments have begun to build local cloud service platforms.
Low production costs, higher production efficiency, and the desire to optimize production processes through technologies such as cloud computing and big data. Thus, the market demand for large data centres is becoming stronger. General x86 servers are benefiting from cloud computing and large data analysis as the basic equipment.
The size of the server market will continue to grow as cloud computing and big data infrastructure idc is built. The company is an excellent supplier of the country’s x86 servers, and will benefit from the rapid growth of cloud computing and idc.
Investment recommendations: maintain recommended ratings. Because of the company's strong accumulation of technology in the area of server ceramics, the company's products have greater scope for future development, which supports the company's future performance.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and within the limits of knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them.