Events: On 27 April 2022, the company published a quarterly report for 2021, q1 became operational in 2021, with 2,498 million yuan, an increase of 23.76 per cent, a net return to the mother of 455 million yuan, a decrease in the impact of the epidemic, an overall high-end automated product, and steady progress in operations
During the two-carbon era, companies, as information high-tech companies and national producers of software under the umbrella of China, advanced national strategies such as “New Capital”, “Industrial Chain Security”, and “Self-controlled” around key core technologies, national production substitution and cracking industry “crickets” challenges, and continued to scale up research and development investments and move forward across the board.
In terms of information and automation, companies have expanded from industrial software such as mes, erp, bi to the metallurgical industry.
Large-scale plc companies have amply demonstrated that they have reached the level of national leadership in the fields of industrial control and smart manufacturing, while planning to develop a national production of scada software for the metallurgical industry throughout the year, and
Development of pilot applications, with wide scope for future expansion; in the area of the industrial Internet, corporate ownership, research and development of Cube platforms, development of relevant components of the industrial Internet platform, annual inland release of data center, operations center, artificial intelligence platform; in the area of idc, the company is actively moving forward
In the future, as the company's “soft-to-hard” integrated layouts continue to expand, automate, automate, and become more profitable.
Informationization, industrial Internet platforms as the core of intelligent manufacturing, promising value for corporate software development, 2021.1.30.
The Māori rate provides a greater room for improvement, while, under the policy of double carbon, the company’s core segment of the idc housing stock is becoming increasingly scarce and its profitability is expected to continue to increase.
Itd House No. 9 West Side Street, Beijing City, has released large plcs from the metallurgical industry, which are ready for launch by smart-manufacturing taps.
After 10 years of research and development, companies officially release large-scale plc products from the metallurgical industry, which we believe to be strategically important, meaning that the letters have gradually turned into smart-manufacturing champions.
The main reasons for the valuation of industrial software are twofold: 1) the company relies primarily on the BMW and steel industries, the market considers the market to be relatively homogeneous, and the market space has ceilings; 2) the company ' s industrial software is mainly mes, bi, erp, etc., and the market has industrial software capabilities.
The leading level, in terms of two dimensions: 1) the large plc threshold is very high: large plc is very high for stability, it's important to have customers willing to accept, in addition to the technical difficulties, the share of large plc markets in the country is largely in the hands of European and American firms like Siemens, Schneider, the plc sector is relatively mature, and the average firm is business-stable.
Sex, unwillingness to easily replace plc. For the Treasure, it became a natural customer for the development of the Xinplc product and, after 10 years of testing, created its unique competitive power; for the Steel Metallurgy industry, the plc threshold is high: in all industries, the steel metallurgical industry plc has the highest requirements for accuracy and stability, and for the Treasure, it is capable of doing so.
The steel metallurgical industry plc means that it has the power to expand across industries. The release of the large plc in the bovine industry is proof of the power of its own industrial software, the future company's “one-way” expansion of space, vertical expansion of product sequences, horizontal expansion across industries, and we believe that the value of the bovine intelligence manufacturing needs to be remodeled, and future profit-plus valuations raise space.
Industrial Internet operations continued to advance, benefiting from a “carbon neutral” strategic push \triangleright company, which is behind the country's largest steel group, leading the country's steel industry software, and the steel industry has been recovering since 2016.
The overall profitability has been continuously improved, enabling steel companies to adapt their old information and automated systems; while the pace of restructuring M&As is accelerating, with the intellectual transformation of billions of tons of BMW, the need for informationization and automation is expected to continue to release; in a “carbon neutral” context, steel companies are under great pressure to upgrade their transformation and are also able to invest in capital.
Expenditure on industrial Internet adaptation and layout opens up long-term space for corporate industrial Internet operations. A self-researched industrial Internet platform xin3plat was released in the month, while the development of large-data "5s" components was advanced and the demonstration project of the Iron Smelting Interconnection Intellectual Control Platform was completed; and Bianwu established the China Bianwu Institute for Internet Research and China at the beginning of 2021.
Based on years of strong research and development power in the field of industrial software and professional experience in the steel industry, the company has developed autonomous industrial networking platforms and artificial intelligence hubs, with iplat and eplat as two wings, and has actively built an Internet biosphere for the steel industry.
New growth paths have opened up a wider development space for future development. In 2021, the Boshin industry Internet platform continued its entry into the “two-way” platform of the Panchayat, with a steady increase in ranking; the platform was awarded one of the first four companies in the country with the highest digital maturity iomm excellence certification, and the first five-star platform for the evaluation of the security capabilities of industrial Internet platforms.
Idc has a unique capacity, a national core, and a full potential for expansion.
In its depth report, " Long-term certainty value of new capital dragons from three major expectations " , we clearly stress that markets usually attribute the reasons for their success in idc to a single resource endowment, and we believe that the market does not fully recognize the Division ' s unique idc capabilities, mainly in the context of a combination of "resource endowments plus industrial software capabilities".
(b) From the point of view of industrial software capacity: the company is the only fully autonomous enterprise in the current market that is fully independent in terms of design (with its independent Maysan Design Institute), construction, operation (the only enterprise in the market that has an information base in the idc field, automated full autonomous research and development)
Businesses, which give companies excellent cost-control, robust transportation capacity, with their hangars of high quality, are highly recognized by Shanghai city governments, upstream suppliers, and downstream customers. Corporate strategic development is clear, consistent with a self-building model, with sustained diversification of high-quality clients on the front line, with appropriate outreach to large client base-based businesses and strong combinations.
The company's long-term success as a hard-tech leader in the scarce deep layout of the country's “intelligent manufacturing + industrial Internet + idc cloud computing”
Long-term certainty and firm interest in the long-term development of the company. The company’s net profits are expected to be 2,234 million idc in 2022-2024, less than expected, less than expected in the restructuring and acquisition of BMW, less than expected in the 5g years, and subsequently in China’s start-up securities, hiring securities, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in January 2021, covering the idc and cloud computing industries in depth.
In December 2020, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the communications & Internet industry, covering the areas of car networking, networking, operators, Internet.
In July 2021, he joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the communications & Internet industry, covering such areas as industrial Internet/industrial software, smart network cars, cloud computing, and the Internet. The components are irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.