Treasure software (600845): Product competitiveness upgrading, "plc+Industrial software plusidc" advantages
The company was founded in 1994 and is based in Shanghai and is a listed company holding shares in Treasure Steel.
Automated services, and & & & & & & & & & operational services. Years of high R & D investment have been successful, with a double increase in the M & A rate of high end product support income. In 2021, 3.1 billion, or 27%, were outsourced to companies.
System integration at 100 million, or 1%, increased by 19.10%, Māori increased by 3.44 pct; services outsourcing increased by 8.87% and gross interest rates increased by 3.88 pct. Corporate software development is directed primarily to workers in the steel, color, etc. manufacturing industries
Business software and information systems are integrated, and services are outsourced mainly to idc and cloud operations. The growth in corporate income is due, on the one hand, to the increased demand for information adaptation in downstream industries, represented by steel, and, on the other hand, to debt payments and cross-equity presentations:
From the introduction of high-end products such as plc (programmable logical controllers). In 2021, the company distributed the data center, the business center, the artificial intelligence center, and launched a self-researched plc product, breaking the status quo of the metallurgical line control system, which has long been dependent on imports. In 2021, the company continued to add.
Investments in industrial informatization, plc etc., amount to $1.290 billion in R&D throughout the year, compared with 52 weeks of improved interest rates to continuously validate the competitiveness of the company ' s products.
During the 14th Five-Year Period, the steel industry was concentrated, with company handlers and major customers leading the stock/sales (in millions) of steel. The company, formerly a fully-owned subsidiary of the former Treasure Group, has long been the Treasure.
In 2021, the company received $6,134 million, or 52% of the total revenue.
The Division's main client, Cr10 in 2020 (Range Steel Data), was only 39.2% in the steel industry where the BWG operates. The Ministry of Technology and Communications's Guidance on Promoting Quality Development in the Steel Industry suggested that the “10-45” period would create a number of world-wide super-large steel conglomerates with a target of 60% in industrycr10.
The steel industry, on the one hand, enhances its bargaining power over upstream mineral resources by integrating and buying, and, on the other hand, improves its efficiency through such initiatives as information conversion. The company actually controls the China Iron and Steel industry’s champion, benefiting from increased industrial concentration, 2021.
Annual competitiveness rose from 11th to 5th in the world, and annual iron and steel production was the second (wsd according to) in the world, benefiting from the expansion of the BMW group in recent years, with 2021 companies from the BMW group and its subsidiaries growing by 75 per cent in the same year and 32 per cent in the 22nd year, reflecting an increase in the value of the BMW group.
“plc+Industrial software +idc” has a strong all-industry advantage, and client & industry expansion has contributed to growth. Companies rely on the Treasure Group for information-based operations, with good operational synergies with the Group, and a business version.
For example, companies have a significant advantage in obtaining idc land resources, and have an important role to play.
In addition, the company, based on its trust in the steel industry, is a source of financial prosperity in the East.
The advantages of the transformation are constantly expanding to the coloured, inter-trading, etc. The company industry, the Internet industry, is well-competitive and is expected to continue to increase its market share in the future. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: we expect companies to make 24.10 net profits in 2022-2024, respectively.
A competitive and well-developed industrial chain layout that continuously expands market shares in the field of industrial informatics and maintains "Pull Treasure Software" (600845): product competitiveness enhancement, "plc+Industrial Software+idc" advantage is evident.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the Bosun software (600845): product competitiveness has improved, and the advantage of "plc+industrial software plusidc" is evident.
Lee Mi-hyun has his own research opinion. Any part of my salary has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.