\triangleright first quarter reported that companies achieved operating income of 2,498 million yuan, an increase of 23.76 per cent over the previous year; achieving attribution
Net profits of shareholders in listed companies of $455 million, an increase of 12.68 per cent over the same period; increased costs of sales of consolidated statements due to the acquisition of Port Di Electric by non-consumptive owners of listed companies at the end of December of the year; financial costs of -$70.506 million, and negative financial costs of companies due mainly to interest income resulting from, inter alia, the difference in the timing of the closing of bank term deposits
At the same time, the company's board of directors has drawn up a plan for shareholder returns for the next three years, which makes it clear that the accumulated profits to be distributed by the company in cash over the next three years should not be less than 30 per cent of the profits to be distributed in the new year to be realized in the next three years.
The plan perfects and perfects the company’s shareholder-return mechanisms, effectively protects the legitimate rights and interests of small and medium-sized shareholders, and balances the company’s actual performance and sustainable development with a view to a reasonable return to the shareholders. The acquisition is too self-serving to enhance regional market competitiveness.
\triangleright Letter Software announcement that cash will acquire 51% of shares held by shareholders in Tai Chi Information Automation Technologies Ltd. in the Shanxi Cloud era; of these, the acquisition of Taihara Steel (Group) Ltd. holds around 34% of the shares in the same steel letter, and the acquisition of the shares in the same company.
The owner, Taiwon Steel Co. Ltd., is the controlling stock company of China's BMW Steel Group Ltd. According to the announcement, as of 30 April 2021, the owner of the TSM was approximately 58,758.86 million yuan.
The total liability was approximately $38,41.38 million, with net assets of approximately $20,344.8 million; in 2021, Tetsu received about $112 million from the total and net profits of approximately $2.88 million; and in the first quarter of 2022, Tetsu received about $30.78 million, net industrial wisdom and steady performance.
2. Treasurestone software (600845) performance review: pooled profits of approximately $2.74 million; as of 30 April 2021, the total value of too-hard letter was estimated to be approximately 206.687 million.
Through this acquisition, the Treasure Software is intended to optimize industry resources and integrate industry advantages to form a more specialized 3. Treasure Software (600845): high-speed, high-quality growth, industrial and information technology platforms and increased corporate market ownership in Shanxi; and, because of the Treasure Software and Tai
This acquisition is expected to further resolve the competition's annual review of the Treasure Software (600845): high speed.
The issue of competition, and the protection of the legitimate rights and interests of listed companies and small and medium-sized shareholders, has helped to create a certain amount of room for improvement in income, profitability, efficiency, and record-high performance.
Investment recommendations: 2022 is a critical period for the full implementation of the 14th Five-Year Plan in the country, where companies insist on serving the country \triangleright methodology and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively and are responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.