Innovative Technology and Business Services Research Centre Cash flow has increased significantly, with the “Cloud Net Threw Industry Internet” issuing a quarterly report on the night of April 27, q1 generating 2,498 million yuan, y/y23.76 per cent; and homecoming.
Net profit of $455 million, y/y12.68%; net profit of $441 million, y/y20.03%. Cash flows have increased significantly, performance has steadily increased, and the proposed acquisition of too-stewards has increased profit. Companies have maintained a steady increase of more than 20% in income and net profit deductions during the epidemic, with a combined Māori rate of 22q1
32.42 per cent, down 4.22 pp from the same year, we anticipate a limited impact throughout the year as a result of delays in the recognition and realization of some of the gross gross gross gross gross gross proceeds of business; enhanced management of operating funds by the company, resulting in an increase in the sales collection rate; notably, q1 net cash flows of $2,045 million and y/y14.13 per cent of net cash from operating activities.
1. Industrial Internet + Cloud Calculus for Quality Building Acquisition of 51% of Shanxi Steel Letters, helping to reduce competition among colleagues, enhance business integration and optimize capital 3 000
Source configuration, increasing regional city ownership, and increasing the size of the profits, also highlights the financial strength of the company.
The Bounty Clouds operation, the orderly deployment of the core regional resource reserve, the Shanghai Treasure Clouds Five Project, Quality 3. High performance, intelligent manufacturing and cloud services continued to be profitable, and the perimeter layout was actively pursued.
Markets in North, Nanjing, Wuhan, etc. are advancing steadily. With regard to cloud services, the full-scale promotion of the cloud net core strategy 4. Industrial Internet on board, idc is expanding steadily. One+ platform has achieved digital management of cloud services, network services, and transportation services.
A digital transformation of multi-industry users and business Internetization. Based on a national data centre layout strategy, there is a desire to integrate the Treasure Software industry Internet industry with cloud services, to promote cloud and web depth integration, and to empower intelligence to create 2.0.
Industrial Internet operations are continuing, with BMW intellectually aided intellectually by 2.0. According to the Ministry of Trade and Communications's Development Plan for Deep Industrialization and Informatization, by 2025, the index for integration of information and industrialization has risen to 105, the digitalization of business management has reached 80%, and digital research and development has been set up.
85% penetration of tools and 45% penetration of industrial Internet platforms. The company relies on the powerful synergies of its operations, such as the Treasure Group, software development, cloud computing, data centres, autonomous research and development of the industrial Internet platform xln3plat, advanced the development of large-data "5s" components, and the layout of the industrial Internet chain.
Increasing market share and accelerating the process of substitution of software for domestic production. The demand for Internet vendor idc has fallen short of expectations; and spending on informationization in the steel industry has fallen short of expectations.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment