We've formed a cocoon-mixed fluorine.
The company is a rare monopoly of military industries with extremely high barriers. The company is the only domestic supplier of three-generation main warplane engines in the country, with products covering vortex, vortex, vortex, vortex, vortex, piston, all types of military flights, empty motors, with four major pilot plants in the south, West, Dawn, Leyang, and South.
This certainty, in particular, is underpinned by the strength of the country’s “two-plan” approach. The country’s civil-military shipping market will require more than trillion dollars over the next 10 years.
In the larger cycle of succession, the reliability and stability of the company’s three-generation engines are now largely mature, the probability of an incoming replacement is increasing, civil flights have made a substantial breakthrough, and future “China’s heart” can be replaced. The market is expected to reach $33.5 billion over the next 10 years, and civil flights over the next 20 years.
The focus on major industries has worked well, and performance has turned out to be high. The company has been actively pursuing its “focus on masters” development strategy since 2015, raising the share of shipping-related principals to nearly 80%, and raising the combined Māori ratio by 5.3 pt
Up to 20.4%, business structure and profitability have improved significantly. The net return/return to the parent of 2017h1 company increased by 4.3%/85.4% in the same year, achieving the first increase in revenue and net gain since 2015, with a boost in pers resulting from the increase in performance. We believe that it would be reasonable to give the company a 45-fold valuation in 2018, i.e.,
1. The largest air engine and gas turbine production base in the country.
1.1 Our aviation engine and gas turbine production base, which was formerly Gillingwater Biochemicals Co. Ltd., has been formally established as the manufacturing and maintenance base for the production of the country's largest aviation engine and derivatives, following major asset reorganizations.
• In 2008, the building assets associated with the Western Air Group air engine mainframe and spare parts were installed by means of a shell, renamed “West Air Force.” In 2014, the company re-established major assets to inject Dawn, South, Leyang Motivation, Jin
The 100 per cent shareholdings of the airline company, Yoshida, Guiana, Shenzhen Sanyet, and the related assets and liabilities of the Western Airways Group have officially become the country's largest manufacturing and maintenance base for the production of aviation engines and derivatives, known as the China Air Force.
• On 31 May 2016, China Aviation Engines Group Ltd. was established, with the change in the physical control of the company to China Aviation Engines Group Ltd., renamed “Air Dynamics”, which is the only domestic supplier of the three-generation main warplane engines in the country and covers turbojets, vortexes, vortexes, vortexes, vortexes, vortexes, vortexes, vortex.
The company owns four major aviation engines: West, Dawn, Leyang, South, with vortex, vortex, vortex, vortex, vortex, turbo, piston, full-to-use research and production capacity for the entire range of military aviation engines, the main products of which are military civil aviation engines and components, foreign trade turnkeys for civil aviation engine parts,
Civil-military gas turbines, military civil aviation engine maintenance and security services are important drivers of new types of fighter aircraft, helicopters, bombers, transport aircraft, coaches, drones, etc. The company ' s main operations are divided into three categories: aviation engines and derivatives, foreign trade export sub-contracting operations, non-aeronautical products and others.
Other operations. Of these, the air engine and derivative operations, as well as non-avigational products and other operations, cover the entire production chain, including the development, production, testing, marketing, maintenance and security of the five branches; foreign trade export sub-contracting operations are currently dominated and are gradually moving towards a full-scale business model if parts and components of air engines are produced and sold.
From the source of financial prosperity in the East, the Dynasty has 11 second-tier wholly-owned or controlled subsidiaries, including Leyang, Shenyang, Changzhou South and the mother company Western Air Company, which is the main aviation engine plant, Jinzhou is the aviation engine maintenance plant, and Xi'an Xian Xian Qian Qian is the main company.
Export Trading Company, the rest of which are air engine parts/materials support businesses.1.2 The physical control of the owner is the China Shipping Group (CAG) holding shares in the Western Shipping Group, and the physical control has been changed to the China Shipping Line. 31 May 2016, China Shipping.
On 15 June 2017, the company’s shareholders’ engine holdings were transferred 100% to China’s air launch and the company’s actual controller changed to China’s air launch, indirectly holding 41.17% of the air launch power. The controlling shareholders were the West China Consortium, which held 30.62% of the company’s direct shares.
Source of the financial boom in the East: Motivation of navigation (600893), which has formed, the Chinese Air Engines Group is a state-owned, mega-enterprise directly managed by the State Council, the Beijing City People's Government, and the Chinese National Aviation Engines Group.
There are more than 20 direct enterprises and three companies owned by the company. Figure 2: The shipping power equity structure, which has become a platform for air engine listing assets, still has the potential for further consolidation in the future.
As a result, China’s air transport companies, including Changzhou, Lansheng, Chenghai, and Harbin Dong-Ann, still have some of the assets of the main aviation engine plant, including Changzhou, Lansheng, and Harbin. The future air power is expected to continue to serve as a platform for the consolidation of domestic air motors on the market.
In vitro, the assets of three of the main aviation engine plants can be injected into the potential. 1.3 Focus on the main aviation engine industry, where performance has reached the point where Eastern wealth has flourished.
Focusing on the main aviation engine product industry, the collection structure and profitability continue to improve. The company completed the major air engine asset injection in 2014, which began to be incorporated into the matrix, while in 2015 the company promoted its “focus industry” development strategy, focusing on cleaning up traditional product operations with some excess capacity, with emphasis on the development and combustion of aviation engines.
In the first half of 2017, the company achieved a gross operating income of $7,854 million/net profit from the mother, with an increase of $159 million, respectively, reflecting an accelerated upward trend in the air engine and derivatives major industries, in view of the trend in income from sub-operational activities.
The accelerated upward trend is evident, and we judge it to maintain the upward momentum as the domestic substitution of air engine products increases. At the same time, the clean-up of non-aerial products has had a significant impact.
Four major mainframe plants contributed to the main operating income and total profits of the consolidated statements of listed companies, with an accelerated trend of concentration. Business income from the 2013-2017h1 4 main mainframes (including the parent company Western Airlines Group) as a percentage of the consolidated statements of listed companies continued to rise from 72.1% to 106.0%, and the share of total contribution profits rose from 91.5% to 229.2%, and the shipping industry increased from 91.5% to 229.2%.
In terms of the performance of the four main mainframes, dawn companies may have taken the lead in opening up a cut-off point. Of the four mainframes, dawn companies have a larger income volume, with a significant income contribution relative to the continued upward trend, with 2017h1 having a proportional share of income.
48.9%; of the four main mainframe plants, the parent company Western Airlines Group continues to outperform the overall profits. 2015-2017H1 Dawn Company, the largest-income mainframe in the world, has either taken the lead in opening the performance trap and accelerating up-growth.
Focusing on the high Māori industry is significantly increasing the combined profitability of corporate products. In 2014, the Māori portfolio was only 15.10%, and the combined Māori level in the first half of 2017 continued to be stable as a result of the continued optimization of the collection structure over the years.
Corporate financial costs will play a positive role. The increase in management costs is mainly due to increases in research and development fees, amortization of intangible assets, and employee remuneration. We believe that, with the company’s large increase in volume and the peak in amortization of intangible assets, the company’s future net interest rate has a greater potential to rise.
The source of financial growth in the East, the driving force of the voyage (600893), the formation of the cocoon, the billions of dollars, including major shareholders, the China Foundation, and government-owned industries in Guizhou, Shenyang, etc.
The Fund, which demonstrates the strong support of major shareholders and local governments for the aviation engine industry, has been approved for this additional programme, which will soon help companies to reduce their financial costs and significantly increase their profitability.
2.1 The country's aeronautics industry is approaching a strategic opportunity period. The aeronautics engine is a thermal machine that converts the chemical energy of the fuel into the thermal energy of the gas, and then into the kinetic energy of the vehicle, from which the engine is powered.
Gas turbine engines are the most widely used aviation engines. They consist mainly of airways, fans/pressors, combustion chambers, turbines, tail-jet tubes and other support systems (e.g. start-up systems, oil supply systems, lubricating systems, control systems, etc.) and, in the case of military power-added engines, there is a fuel-burning chamber behind the turbines.
The core of the engine is made up of three important components: the press, the combustion chamber, and the turbine. The compression of the flow of air through the pressure engine increases the pressure, the burning of the combustion chamber with the injection of fuel raises the temperature, the heat of the gas is high, the expansive gas is out, drives the turbine to rotate, and the turbine turns through the axle-guided pressurer to inhal and compress the air.
Aerial motors are called "the pearls on the crown of modern industry." They need to work under harsh conditions such as high temperature, high pressure, high speed, high loads. They involve a variety of basic disciplines, such as aerodynamics, combustion, etc., as well as engineering.
With high technological difficulties, long development cycles, high investment costs, and high operational risks, basic science, engineering, and technology are important players. At present, only a handful of countries in the world, such as the United States, the United Kingdom, Russia, France, and China, are able to independently develop and manufacture high-performance aviation engines.
Figure 17: American pw f119 aerial engine map (equipment f-22 fighter jets) is global, and the development of the aviation engine industry as a strategic pillar of the state reflects the will of the state. American and British aviation powers, for their part, have always insisted on the inclusion of aviation engines in the national strategic industry, the United States Joint Establishment 2020.
Of the nine leading technologies that form the basis of America’s strategy for the future, the Aerial Jet Engine is ranked second. The Great Britain, which is the founder of the Aerial Jet Engine, can give up the development of the entire aircraft, but keep holding on to it, helping r.r’s company at a critical time when it is on the verge of bankruptcy to prevent its equity from falling into the hands of foreign investors.
In addition to policy preferences, foreign investment in the aviation engine industry is significant, and this investment is sustained and targeted. According to statistics, the US government spends every year on aviation engine research and development.
About $3 billion, which does not include the costs of modeling and upgrading. Countries like the United States, the United Kingdom, and France have been implementing medium- and long-term research programmes (ihptet,vaate, acme, etc.) that are completely decoupled from specific models or products, based on the idea of “pre-researching ahead” with long-term and stable support and input from the country.
These technology reserves not only reduce the technological risks of engineering development, shorten the development cycle, but also facilitate the renewal of products and the development of motivational product spectrometry.
The “two flights” plus the “flying separation” have opened a historic period of opportunity for the development of our aviation engine industry. At present, our air engine levels are still significantly different from those of foreign countries, the advanced model in the military sector is heavily dependent on foreign imports and the commercial fleet is largely in a blank phase, serving only as a second-tier provider for international civilian chartering operations.
In recent years, we have stepped up autonomous research and development of our aviation engines in an effort to catch up with the best international standards, and have made significant progress in a number of key technologies. The “two major targets” and the “fly separation” policy dividends have set in motion a historic period of opportunity for the development of our aviation engine industry.
“Fly separation” establishes the strategic position of the aviation engine industry from top-level design. The formation of the China Shipping Group in 2016, which transferred the related air engine assets, marks the formal formation of our “fly separation” model, reflecting the country’s strategic importance for the future development of the aviation engine industry from the top-level design level.
During the 13th Five-Year Plan, the country will be fully operational in terms of air engines and gas turbines, breaking through the key technology of the two engines.
Emphasis will be placed on the vortex, turbojet engines, taking into account vortexes, turbos and pistons with a certain market demand, and on priority products such as large turbo motors, small and medium vortex motors, medium power vortex engines, etc. The main objective of the gas turbines will be to achieve level F by 2020.
300mw burners are being developed autonomously, with a level H-400mw burner to be developed autonomously by 2030. Special funds are expected to reach $100 billion in size.
2.2 Military market: benefit from military aircraft reloading and upgrading requirements. Our military aircraft serve strategic construction objectives for all military groups. New requirements for the new period will be for the generation and upgrading of models.
Anti-aircraft defence, information confrontation, aerial landing, strategic delivery, and integrated security capabilities.
The naval build-up is based on a shift from offshore defense to offshore defense to long-range naval guards, and the construction of the ocean navy, represented by the carrier formation, is urgently needed for naval aircraft and air platforms such as early warning aircraft and anti-submarine helicopters.
An important increase in the objective of the Army's “mobile combat, 3D attack” construction will trigger a massive escalation of armed forces, with our military aircraft holding a larger gap than the world's major powers, and future slab acceleration will bring with it a huge demand for aviation engines; and (2) a structural upgrade of the existing stock of military aircraft.
There is a huge gap between our military holdings and those of the United States, which will create a huge demand for short-boarding. According to the worldairforce 2016 data, we now have a total of 2,942 military aircraft of all types, compared to 13717 United States-owned, which is only one-fifth of the United States military.
55% of the holdings, about 21% of the U.S. military holdings, and the rest of the fleet, including coaches, transports, and special aircraft, are less than one-fifth of the U.S. military aircraft are far behind the U.S. military, in terms of both volume and individual holdings, and the need for short-boarding will continue to be released over the next 5-10 years.
According to Worldair Force 2016 data, the stock of our fighters in the second generation, which is represented by thugs and thugs, is still 49%, while the U.S. Air Force ' s second generation, with a total of 1220 F22, F354 aircraft, is largely decommissioned.
A total of 223 aircraft, 84 per cent and 16 per cent respectively, are expected to replace the third generation of 10 and 11 fighters over the next five years, with the potential to accelerate to become the absolute master force of the air force, along with a small 20-generation four-generation aircraft in the United States.
Assuming that our fighter planes will be fully reassembled for three or more generations over the next 10 years, with a significant holdings of United States combat aircraft, and that the number of other types of aircraft will reach about 60 per cent of the number of United States military aircraft in service, the market demand for our military aviation engines will reach $33.5 billion over the next 10 years, as measured by the replacement factor of 1.3.
We believe that the company ' s current product, which now covers vortex, vortex, vortex, vortex, vortex, piston, etc., is the only domestic supplier of the three-generation main warplane engines in the country, will benefit fully from the engine requirements released by the accelerated reloading and upgrading of our military aircraft over the next 5-10 years, with long-term requirements.
In addition to the increased domestic military demand and the need to upgrade the stock, the possibility of a national flight accompanied by a national warplane is gradually increasing; in terms of maintenance, three generation engines and their successor models are more difficult to repair, and the air force may be facing repairs.
In a situation of inadequate capacity, companies will also share in the huge maintenance market. East’s financial and intellectual booms. 2.3 Civil market: the commercial airline and navigation market is growing rapidly.
Six major aviation engines monopolize the global civil development market. The global civil aviation engine market is now dominated by the United States General Electric Company (Ge) and the Prat Whitney Company (pw) and the United Kingdom's Raws Royce Company (rr) and has been co-organized with other engine companies through joint ventures such as cfm, iae, ea, etc.
The company, which controls almost all of the core technology development, integration, marketing, and customer services of the aviation engine, creates a monopoly on aerodynamic technologies and global markets.
China's commercial air engines are in the advanced stages of breaking through, changing the Chinese heart. According to the report of the Grand Duchess, on August 26, China's Director-General of Business Development Feng Jinjing announced that the country's major aircraft had made their first flight in May this year.
The first fully autonomous Chinese commercial aviation engine, the "cj-1000a" engine, will be fully offline this year, and the "cj-2000" engine, equipped with c929, is also being tested and tested on large parts and large units.
Leap-x1c vortex motors are expected to be replaced by an autonomous national “China heart” after 2020. East’s financial and intellectual booms are expected to cost us some US$ 929.3 billion in passenger aircraft delivery over the next 20 years and US$ 2788.8 billion in reservation markets.
According to the Chinese Commercial Air Company ' s annual forecast report for the civil aircraft market for 2016-2035, China will deliver 6,865 passenger aircraft valued at approximately $92.93 billion by 2035, based on an engine value of about 30%, the market size of our commercial aviation engines will total approximately $27.8 billion over the next 20 years.
Universal aviation is still in its early stages of development, with great potential, and it is projected to be about $43.5 billion in the size of the country's navigational motor market over the next 20 years. General aviation is one of the two wings of civil aviation, and our low-altitude air space is still being piloted, managed and maintained at a higher cost than the developed countries of Europe and the United States.
In the last two years, a series of policies have been put in place to actively promote the development of the general aviation industry. According to the Guidance for the Development of the General Aviation Industry, issued by the State Council in 2016, it is planned that by 2020 we will have built more than 500 common airports, with more than 5,000 common aircraft (approximately 3,000 new), flying annually.
With 2 million hours, the size of the industry as a whole will exceed $1 trillion. At about 210,000 U.S. General Aerial Vehicle holdings, it is assumed that over the next 20 years, the country’s navigable industry will have achieved 30% of the current U.S. fleet, or about 63,000 new aircraft.
The unit price is estimated at about $25 million, or about 30% of the engine, based on the current vehicle structure on the market, and the market demand for our navigational motors in the next 20 years is estimated to be about $450 billion.
Aerial dynamics (600893); formation, cocoon-like fluorine 3. Gas turbines: market prospects are wide, harbouring huge national production space. Gas turbines are an advanced and complex set of power machinery, operating in the same way as an aeronautics engine.
It's all about converting the chemical energy of the fuel into the heat and energy of the gas, reusing the gas to fuel turbo expansion, and eventually turning energy into engine thrust or external power. The core technology is similar, so it's usually derived from air engines and developed independently.
Because of similar technical requirements as aviation engines of low quality, high power, low pollution, high start, high speed, high reliability, and with rapid technological development and product maturity after World War II, the two directions of development of gas turbines are closely related to aviation engines:
Light gas turbines have been developed by mature aviation engines with a capacity of about 50 mw, mainly in the fields of industrial power generation, naval propulsion, oil and gas transmission, and tank combat vehicles. Rowo, ge, and inclusive gas turbines have been the main developments. Heavy gas turbines have been developed with a capacity of about 50 mw or more for the purpose of transplanting anaerodynamics.
At present, the gas turbines used in the country are used primarily for power generation, with a small proportion for oil and gas fields for water, gas, pressure and ship and tank power, mostly for imported units, and are now installed in the country for the total gas turbines that are now installed for power generation.
The share of domestic production is only about 7 per cent. Table 6: The main areas of application of gas turbines and their characteristics are the three-pronged global gas turbine markets, with ge, Siemens and Mitsubishi accounting for more than 80 per cent of the market share.
After more than 70 years of development, the current temperature of heavy gas turbines has increased from an early level of 550°C to 1,600°C, single cycle efficiency from 17% to 40%, single-power power from 1.5mw to 460mw, and huge technology has crossed. The world’s heavy gas turbine manufacturing industry has now become highly monopolized, forming basically Ege,
The system of heavy gas turbine products dominated by Siemens, Mitsubishi, alstom.
With regard to domestic heavy gas turbines, which are kernel-based, upper-electric, eastern-electric and Nanking-based, the industry has the capacity to produce 40 sets of heavy-gas f- and e-grade gas turbines per year and the associated full gas-steam-cycle power generation equipment.
In terms of the capacity to develop and develop light gas turbines in the country, with initial component performances, intensity and systems, complete test facilities and corresponding testing tools, the need for light gas turbine tests is largely met; and, in terms of manufacturing,
The capacity to produce re-engineering aircraft and light gas turbines is basically available, but there is still a wide gap between the main performance indicators and the foreign countries. The light gas turbines in the gas turbine industry are concentrated in the air system and have developed five major types of autonomous gas turbines.
Figure 28: Overview of the five major types of autonomous gas turbines in our country, the source of financial growth in the East, the dynamics of the ship (600893), the formation of the cocoon as a butterfly.
Wp6g, wj5g, wj6g ft8,qd10b,qy40
Two remodeled gas turbines, wz6g, etc., were not developed in the '60s.
Gt25,000 ships use gas turbines, patented aircraft, converted to industrial combustion.
Co-production of gas, conversion of industrial gas turbines, gas turbines.
qd128, qd70, r0110 heavy gas turbines and mini gas turbines
According to the CDRC plan, the combined circulation capacity of gas turbines nationwide will reach 55 million kW by 2020, 25 times the capacity of the same type of aircraft built 50 years before 2000. In recent years, it has been driven by the downstream industry.
Our gas turbine market has grown rapidly, reaching 35.5 billion yuan in 2015 and is expected to reach about 90 billion yuan by 2022. The company has completed 30mw class gas turbine production capacity and will benefit fully from the potentially huge gas turbine market in the country.
We need gas turbines to support the construction of our infrastructure, and as our naval forces move towards offshore defense + Far Sea Guards, moving towards deep, blue and distant sea areas, large surface ship accelerations will also lead to the use of ships for gas.
The rapid growth in the demand for machines has made our country the world’s largest potential market for gas turbines. In 2009, the company implemented a non-public issue, of which $634 million was spent on 30mw class gas turbine production, which, when completed, will result in the production of 20 qc280/qd280 units per year.
The company announces that the project has been officially delivered through the completion of the inspection. We expect that, with the production capacity of the 30mw class gas turbines, the company’s gas turbines’ operational capacity will rise to a new level and will in the future benefit fully from the increased demand for domestic ship and pipeline transport and national production replacements.
Profit forecasting and valuation 31x, the source of financial prosperity in the East, will effectively enhance corporate performance.
We believe that the company, as a platform for the assembly of our air engines, has a very high operational barrier and an irreplaceable alternative, while being the only domestic supplier of our three-generation main warplane engines, with product coverage of turbojets, turbo fans, vortexes, turbos, pistons of all kinds, with a better expectation of the future speed at which the shortboards will be accelerated and nationalized, will benefit fully from “flying”.
In terms of historical valuation levels of the pilot power, the average perpene over the past two years is 88 times higher, and it is now 60 times closer to the bottom of the two-year valuation.
By contrast, the company’s valuation advantages are clear. The composite company is in the midst of an acceleration of performance, considering the growth of the ps, which we are the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Aerial dynamics (600893); emergence of cocoon-smuggling, development of aviation engines at a slower pace than expected; failure to release company performance.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the driving force of the voyage (600893), has formed, the cocoon has become a butterfly, the source of wealth and wisdom in the East.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.