Annual Report of the Bank of Peace (000001.sz): Performance in line with expectations, significant retail contribution Research Assistant: Song Jing Dynasty
On March 15, 2018, the Bank of Peace issued its annual 2017 report, in which the company earned $10,578.6 million throughout the year, an increase of 1.67 per cent from the previous year's increase; the net profit to the mother was $23,189 million, an increase of 2.61 per cent from the previous year; and the net difference was 2.37 per cent.
Retail service contributions are rising and debt-end pressures are still in place. The Bank of Peace relies on the retail transformation to make a breakthrough, and in 2017 it handed over a beautiful retail report card: retail sales aum amounted to $10,86,688 million, a 36.25 per cent increase over the year, retail operations contributed 44.14 per cent to total revenue and 67.62 per cent to net profits.
Behind the surge in sales, the net interest differential of the Bank of Peace fell by 0.38 percentage points to 2.37 per cent on the same year in 2017, mainly because the cost of the end-of-the-liability ratio rose faster than the end of the asset (the interest-bearing asset rate increased by only 2 bp over the same period).
The rapid restructuring of the business structure and the expected improvement in the quality of assets are expected to continue. In 2017, the overall quality of the credit assets of the Safe Bank improved, with the rate of non-performing loans declining by 0.04 percentage points to 1.70% compared to 2016, and the rate of interest-type loans was comparable.
The decline was 0.41 percentage points. Of these, the rate of poor personal loans (including credit cards) fell by 0.34 percentage points to 1.18 per cent in the same year, while the proportion of three major retail loan products, namely, new loans, car loans and credit cards, moving from an unoverdue period to more than 30 days continued to decline; and the rate of poor corporate loans (including discounts) was 0.35 times higher in the same year.
In 2017, the Bank of Peace took the initiative to restructure its credit operations, placing loans in a better quality of assets. In retail operations, the percentage of low-performing individual loans rose rapidly, and individual loans (including credit cards) accounted for the credit, while the quality of the company's loans was expected to improve, with the retail end-of-side smart wind control.
Building on the technological advantages and enabling retail transformation: In implementing its retail transformation strategy, the Bank of Peace focuses more on the use of financial technology, and by implementing ai+ innovations, supporting the entire spectrum of wind control, marketing, and operation panels.
Using scenes. With advanced wind control systems, safe bank credit cards, consumer finance operations, and poor automobile finance can be maintained at a better level, enhancing client service experience through the construction of an online and mobile financial services platform plus an offline smart web site.
Investment ratings: The strategic direction of the Sino-Safe Bank retail transition is clear and robust, and good results have been achieved. In the broader context of the slowing of asset size, the release of its future performance depends on improved asset quality and net spreads