With the arrival of the new management, the steady and flexible transformation of the Retail Group, which is based on a large client base, a well-developed integrated financial system, and science, technology and innovation and technology applications, has been taking effect for 17 years.
In the context of corporate financial consolidation, the growth of corporate retail services is sustainable. In the retail transition, corporate negative restructuring has led to a narrow interest gap, affecting the company.
Net profit increases. In terms of asset quality, negative forward-looking indicators have improved, but the company stock risks still need to be absorbed over time, asset quality traps need to be set up to be further observed, and prudent buy-in maintained.
Client-based, well-developed integrated financial systems and STI and technology applications, 17 years, and the transformation gains are gradually being realized. As of the end of the third quarter of 2017, the assets of the retail clients of the Bank of Peace had increased by 28 per cent over the end of 2016, and the number of retail customers had increased by 26 per cent over the end of the previous year.
2-pct/1-pct. Firmly “technology-led”, back-to-back with the Safe Finance Group, to advance business models such as big data, artificial intelligence, bottom-up combinations in the context of the Group's big data platform resources, no.
Increased scientific and technological input to improve client experience, client stickability, and lower retail operating costs. 3-quarter failure rate for Peace Bank, 1.75 per cent decline in ring ratio, 1 bp decrease in ring ratio, 2.80 per cent annual adverse generation rate for quarterly write-off based on our calculations, 4 bp decrease in ring compared to 2-quarters, but no
The company’s poor ahead-of-the-season indicators have improved, with concerns ranging from 5 pcs to 149% at the end of the three seasons, leading to a sharper perception. Despite some easing of pressure on the company’s asset quality, the company’s own asset quality is relatively weak compared to its counterparts, and it still takes time.
Silver and Chinese International Securities Co. Ltd. gain to $1.36, 1.43 (formerly $1.35, $1.41), with net profit increasing at the same speed.
Winch.