Hangzhou Bank has continued to grow in performance, and continues to look good at Hangzhou Bank's performance in the previous three quarters, which grew by 31.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, maintaining a high rate of growth and leading the industry.
High performance leads to a sustained increase in profitability. Performance contributions in the three quarters continue to come mainly from size, interest and provision. Income increases are sustained at a high rate: revenue from interest, fees and fees for the first three quarters continue to grow at a sustained rate of 7.5% over the previous three quarters.
Success continues: key indicators of asset quality are stable; incremental provision continues to slow, counter-weaving profits, storage coverage is 583.67 per cent, stable at a high level, and industry is absolutely high. As firms grow, capital needs at the core level rise, focusing on conversion to equity. Recognition of position advantages, investment capacity and industry is recognized.
High-profit growth led to an increase in roe and an increase in capital demand at the core level. Corporate performance continued to increase year-on-year, by 31.8 per cent year-on-year in the previous three quarters, driving roe up by 2.29 percentage points, reaching 15.61 per cent.
The performance of non-interest income was excellent, with fees showing outstanding performance of $3.988 billion in net fees in the first three quarters, an increase of 46.9 per cent over the previous three quarters, representing a share of revenue that was 8bp below the end-of-the-end cost of the liability, which may be similar to that of the first half of the year.
At the end of the third quarter, the negative rate was 0.77 per cent, a decrease of 2bp over the first quarter, with a slight decrease in the negative amount.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
Bank: Municipal comptoirsii Hangzhou Bank ' s net return profit in the first three quarters of 2022 was $9.275 billion, an increase of 31.8 per cent over the same period. Net interest income increased by 7.5 per cent over the same period, net charge income grew by 46.9 per cent over the same year, operating income grew by 16.5 per cent over the same period, total assets grew by 12.4 per cent over the beginning of the year, and loans grew by 12.4 per cent over the beginning of the year.
Hangzhou Bank’s performance increased by 31.8% in the first three quarters of the year, maintaining a high rate of growth and leading the industry, leading to a sustained increase in profitability. The first three quarters of performance contributed mainly by size, non-interest, and contribution.
Steady, absolutely high in the industry. As firms grow, capital demand at the core level rises, focusing on debt-to-equity swaps. Companies continue to look good in our core recommended portfolio.
Corporate performance continued to increase consistently, from 31.8 per cent in the previous three quarters to 2.29 percentage points in the roe upwards, reaching 15.61 per cent. Performance contributions came from scale, middle-income and provision, particularly high credit growth, 16.6 per cent compared to risk assets, slightly higher core level 2 and size, slower deposit growth and higher peer liability.
The three quarters continued the two-quarter trend, with retail loans growing faster than public loans, with retail loans growing by 2.8 per cent and a 2.2 per cent increase in the public loan ring.3 The performance of non-interest-bearing income was excellent, with fees showing outstanding performance of $3.988 billion in net fees earned in the first three quarters, representing an increase of 46.9 per cent over the same period the previous year, representing a 15.3 per cent increase in fees earned as a percentage of revenues.
3.2 percentage points increase and single-quarter charges increase 77.2 per cent over the same period for managing operations: trusting the first treasury bonds and bonds, etc., over $1.25 trillion in size; continued rapid growth in the size of the treasury at the end of the third quarter, $3.93447 billion in size, smoother than other non-interest-related investments at the end of the previous year, 31.7 per cent increase in other non-interest-related investments in the previous three quarters, and other non-interest-related share of the revenue base
At the end of the third quarter, the negative rate was 0.77 per cent, a decrease of 2bp over the first quarter, a slight decrease in the negative value; the rate of non-performing loans was 0.15 per cent, which is still at a low level, as measured by the poor generation. The ratio of loans of concern was 0.46 per cent at the end of the year and 0.65 per cent at the end of the year.
Macroeconomic development affects the performance of the real economy as well as the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector. The epidemic has been repeated since 2022, or has had a negative impact on the economy.
Financial regulation is over-expected. Regulation of hidden government debt, real estate regulation, has intensified since 2021, while continuing to direct banks to the real economy, but if financial regulation is either expected to over-market or will affect corporate earnings performance.