Hangzhou Bank has continued to improve its performance and asset quality The Hangzhou Bank achieved net return profit of $9.275 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 31.8 per cent in the same year and continued high performance
Growth, we expect the company to remain at the top of the industry. Higher performance leads to higher profitability, 2bp less than last quarter, and a slightly lower than medium-term estimate of $0.09 billion.
583.67 per cent, an increase of 2.07 percentage points over the previous quarter, and continued to be high in the industry. (Financial data are derived from the sustained increase in profits and improvements in the quality of assets of Hangzhou Bank over the last three quarters, and the continued high level of coverage in the industry.)
Hangzhou Bank recorded a three-quarter increase in revenues and profits, Hangzhou Bank recorded an increase of $26.6 billion in operating income in the first three quarters of the year, a 16.5 per cent increase, slightly higher than in the first half of the year. In the first three quarters, net profit returns increased by 31.8 per cent compared to the previous quarter, and in the third quarter by 32.2 per cent compared to the previous quarter.
A 0.2 percentage point increase in the last quarter, with a slight increase in the high rate of growth, a slowdown in asset growth in the three quarters of high performance, a negative double drop in deposits over the end of the six-month period, and a continued high level of coverage in the industry
Reduction of 0.12 percentage points; increased provision for coverage, which continues to be high in the industry.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting Quality deterioration due to the downside of the economy; Financial supervision exceeding expectations.
Figure 1. Hangzhou Bank’s fast-track performance for the first three quarters of 2022 The economy’s downside leads to a deterioration in the quality of assets. Banks are highly relevant as a pro-cyclical industry, corporate business development, and economic development.
Downwards, the quality of banks’ assets is at risk of deterioration, thus affecting banks’ profitability. The company’s 2021a real-estate loan deficit rate is 6.65%, and the downside of the real estate industry has a greater impact on the quality of the company’s assets.
The real economy, however, is expected to affect the performance of banks if financial regulation is expected to be over-market in concessionary policies. 18 October 2022 Bank of Hangzhou