The Center for Resources and Environmental Research (CREDE) carried the Māori rate down to cancel steady growth. On April 28, 2022, the Commissary published a quarterly report for 2022.
Revenues were $18.8 billion, or +48.4 per cent; net profit returns to mothers were $444 million, or 33.7 per cent. The decline in the Māori rate led to a decline in net profit to the Māori rate. The company’s area increase in the first quarter of 2022 when the real estate project was completed and carried over, resulting in higher carry-over income, resulted in a significant increase in operating income and a return to the mother.
Net profits have declined year-on-year, mainly as a result of: (a) the company's heavy policy of carrying forward Maori real estate regulation, which is expected to be based on easing throughout the year 2022, and market sales will stabilize, while companies will compete in the second half of 2021, where competition is relatively relaxed.
2. Sales Performance, Reconciling Māori Rates, Greater Profit Space for Land Acquisitions in the First Quarter of 2022, and Company Māori Rates are expected to be gradually restored. - Three Quarterly Report Review, 2021.10.28.
The scale of sales, though declining, has risen steadily in the industry. None of the company ' s top 30 firms signed for sale in the first quarter of 2022 was exactly the same; the industry ranked 6th, one higher than in the whole year of 2021. Investments were made to sell the payments, and the cash was safest in the first quarter of 2022.
The company is the first to receive financing from M & A loans, and now has a greater chance of receiving and buying on the market, and is expected to do so through mergers and acquisitions.
▪ The growth in corporate performance is supported by a steady increase in the size of the carry-over. By the end of the first quarter of 2022, the company's sales were expected to remain stable throughout the year.
9.0x Maintain the “buy-in” rating. Real estate easing policies fall short of expectations; the epidemic continues to inhibit demand release; and other housing enterprises frequently default in their performance.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment