Quarterly review of China's move from 2025 to 2025, 24/04.
Chinese mobile (stock code: 600941) event: In recent days, China moved to issue a performance report for 2025q1, and the company achieved a total revenue of $263,760 million/+0.02 per cent. Of this total, the main business income was $222.4 billion/+1.4 per cent; total profits amounted to $39,312 million.
The communications base has continued to be solid, there has been a virtuous cycle, and there has been a further increase in the share of revenue generated in markets such as government and corporations.
There are 578 million households with an increase of 7.7% in mobile Internet traffic, 16.1gb/+8.0% for Dou, and $46.9 for mobile arpu. The company continues to build an ecological and service system for intelligent family services, with 282 million households with a broadband home, 40.8 yuan/+2.3% for government and business markets and 25q1 companies.
With a further increase in the share, the company has been pushing for the replication and scale-up of the ai+dic project standards, accelerating the construction of standard product solutions for the business-market landscape, and continuing to be strong, valuable, and large-scale.
On the emerging market side, companies speed up the flow of high-quality capacity products to the sea, facilitating the expansion of both domestic and international markets. Companies go deep into the digital content track, operating with powerful intelligence and new content.
The future corporate income structure is expected to be optimized, with active expansion of households, governments, and emerging markets. Capex’s performance is expected to decline steadily, with the construction of super-large-scale computing plants and the development of escorts for arithmetic cloud.
While investment in mobile networks has been declining year by year, the growth of the network has been steady from 2023 to 2025, with capital spending tilted in the direction of arithmetic and network perception. Companies will further strengthen cloud intelligence on the basis of the network, and by 2024 China’s mobile market will have achieved revenue.
Twenty-nine.1 billion yuan/+8.8 per cent, with 32.59 million clients, representing a net increase of 4.22 million. In the first place, the development of intelligent cities, factories, parks, campuses, etc. has been remarkable, with more than 700 thousands of degree projects expanding throughout the year, the 5g network earning $8.7 billion/+61.0 per cent, and the innovation business has continued to grow rapidly.
The company places a high priority on shareholder returns, continues to increase its share-rate contribution to shareholders, leads the operator at 73% interest rate throughout the year, and is expected to increase year by year. Moreover, the company has launched an active campaign to increase its share-rate contribution.
A meaningful action programme to strengthen market value management, commit to sharing long-term corporate development gains with a wide range of investors, and continuously raise the value of listed companies. As representatives of the National Team for Technology and Technology, companies play a full chain-long role, data, arithmetic and algorithmic whole-of-the-industry distribution, profitability, cash-flow assets are constantly improving, and asset values are being valued.
The advantages highlight that the sustainability and elasticity of rapid corporate development are expected to be higher than expected. Investment proposals: a breakthrough in the “ai+” initiative, an effective expansion of satellite operations, an accelerated process of industrialization of the “5g+” network, and an effective enabling state for new-quality production, accompanied by robust corporate infrastructure, are expected to be successful.
Power transformation upgrades, companies are both offensive and defensive.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.