New Kazeng (002001.sz) Freudantly, the price of vitamins rises, watch the weather repair.
Medical biology benefits from the increase in vitamin prices, and companies earn more than ever. Vitamins undergo two years of experience, new and controlled stock collections.
At the end of July, the q3 vitamin price surged as domestic suppliers focused their installations on overhauling and adding to the blasting of the Basve factory fire. The current delay in the rebirth of Basov is expected to support the price of the product.
Dividends, performance elasticity, and maintenance of the “buy-in” rating. Vitamin price increases, corporate Māori rate increases: higher vitamin prices drive corporate revenue and profits; Q3 Māori rate increases by 8.34 pct to 43.56% per quarter.
The increase is mainly due to the build-up of major suppliers ' loadings to $155/kg on the 29 July fire in Bassif Ludh Shivi port. The average market price in q3 Q3 Q3 /kg (Yoy + 123%, qoq + 128%) and the average price in q2 /t (Yoy + 77%, qoq + 76%).
The company is the leader in the domestic vitamin industry, and the growth in performance of q3 fully reflects the elasticity of the industry as a result of price repairs. The current price of vitamins, though up from its peak in August, is at a market price of 155 yuan/kg (yoy+112%) and ve at $128/kg (yoy+106%) as of October 23rd.
Bassov’s recovery was delayed, and it continued: on October 17, Bassov’s network resumed the rebirth early in July of the year, later than in January 2025, as previously anticipated. We believe that Bassov’s delay in rebirth is expected to sustain the price of va\ve products and even set off a new upward trend.
Profits from farming are being repaired and exports from abroad are improving: in 2024, the main downstream production of vitamins was lost, and the demand for vitamins for feed additives is expected to continue to improve. In the domestic pig farming industry, 27.79 yuan per head of pig farming is being bought out of the week.
In terms of exports, va exports amounted to 4,659 tons, yoy + 31 per cent, and ve exports 82,405 tons, yoy + 33 per cent. Vitamin taps, a new project for ecstasy, contributed to growth: the concentration of vitamin production was higher, the public level was higher.
The Department is a national company with a capacity of 10,000 tons, or 37 per cent of the country’s total capacity; a subsistence capacity of 345,000 tons of vitamins, including 345,000 tons of vitamin c, vitamin b5, and biomass. It is expected that the upswing in vitamin prices will lead to a rapid recovery in the company’s performance.
In addition to the vitamins, there is a strong layout of the protein amino acid, which currently has a capacity of 250,000 tons, as well as the Meso-Pulsified 180,000 tonnes/year liquid amino acid (purification) project, which is being built jointly.
This report is written by the Group Credit Certificates (HKC) Ltd., and the investment services provided by the Group Credit Certificates (HKC) Ltd. and by the Group Certificates (HKCL) Ltd. are not made by ... individual clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit (HKCL) Ltd. believes that the information used to compile the report is reliable, but the report is not independently authenticated.
The company may use or make any action based on information or research prior to receipt of the report. A group voucher (Hong Kong) and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not be responsible for any loss or loss resulting from the use of the report.
This report was not used to sell or induce customers to trade the certificates mentioned in the report. _Capitalgare#2 22 Taipei Hong Kong Shanghai 28 October 2024