The three-quarter performance increased significantly, and the vitamin climate continued to rise Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) on 24 October 2024, new and published 3-quarter report 2024.
• 24q3 performance has increased significantly, with the nutrient module climate continuing q3 performance in 2024, mainly due to the continued good supply and demand patterns of the nutrient plate and the increase in the volume of core products.
The impact of the bombing in the port of Basque Ludwig continued, according to 17 October.
The company announced that Basf expected to resume production in April 25th and July 25th, and that the supply gap remained, and that it was expected to sustain the price of the product. Demand was on the rise; the country’s pig cycle was on the uphill track, and the profits from pig farming continued to improve in three quarters.
• An orderly expansion of the production capacity of solid liquid amino acid, the start-up of new material projects, the orderly expansion of the production capacity of corporate solid liquid amino amino acid, and the promotion of a higher share of our market share of this market; Tianjin has entered the implementation phase and is expected to lead to the integration of key raw materials into the downstream nylon industry
The nutrient plates, according to the 21 August environmental impact report of the project, the company plans to upgrade the current 300,000 tonnes/annual capacity to 370,000 tonnes/year on the basis of the Santung site installation, while the company and China petrochemicals have formed a joint venture to build 180,000 tonnes/year of liquid amino acid (purity) production.
The installation is under construction and is expected to be completed by the end of 2024 and will enter the pilot phase in 25 years. Once all the projects are completed, the market share of the country will increase further.
1. [Waan Chemical] New and emerging: Vitamin Weather Project. Xialu is an important production material for Pa66 and has long been monopolized by foreign manufacturers, which has hampered the development of our nylon industry.
The future market is wide, the company's 110-ton medium-test line has been successfully launched and is expected to take the lead in achieving its own dichlorfon production after completion of the Tianjinki site and its complete industry of dichlorfon-hydamine-pa66.
3.q1 performance improved significantly on a year-on-year basis, with four major sectors (3) producing less than expected; (4) exchange rate and trade risk.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.