Non-financial first-time coverage report on building decorations and housing construction in China (60168.sh)
China’s construction is one of the world’s leading investment builders, with the largest long-term stability in the world.
Wang Binping, the top engineer contractor, has significant advantages in housing construction, capital construction, real estate development, and survey design. In 2024, the company was ranked 14th in the world’s 500th largest, operating in more than 100 countries around the world, with numerous high-tech projects.
There are three main lines of activity: the rapid growth of the capital and the increase in the share of housing in the city.
The report on the work of the company's focus on the high-end area of “new housing”, especially industrial plant demand, proposes an increase in local debt to $4.4 trillion and the issuance of a $3.3 trillion super-long-term special national debt, which is expected to boost financial security.
Capital investment has accelerated down and future growth has been sufficiently dynamic. 3 Property development operations, in a context of industry pressure and with capital and platform advantages, led by Lin Gaufan, a high-quality plot of land on the front line of the city, and led by companies such as one product under the flag, Central Haiti, etc., in the industry. Haiti’s right to produce in mid-2024.
Since the beginning of 2024, the State Finance Committee of the State Council and the CSRC have repeatedly emphasized the management of the market value of the company, and the system of appraisals has gradually been put in place. The company’s valuation is expected to be restored as performance growth and market value management policies for the company move forward.
As of 2024h1, the company's offshore operations generated 56.5 billion yuan, an increase of 3.7 per cent compared with the increase of 2.1 billion yuan in the foreign market in 2024, an increase of 20.3 per cent compared with the increase in the domestic market.
In South-East Asia, the Middle East and Africa, where the advantages of infrastructure development are evident, further expansion of overseas markets is expected to take place in the future, raising long-term growth Profit forecasting and rating: companies are the vanguards in domestic capital construction, benefiting from financial expansion and deepening “along” and basic valuations are expected to be carried out, combined with market value management, valuation options, sustained expansion of overseas operations, long-term growth space, and coverage for the first time.
My personal views on the subject matter securities and issuers are not present, do not relate to, and will not be directly or indirectly linked to, specific investment opinions or opinions in this report, in a diligent and professional manner, using information on legal compliance, and in an independent and objective manner.