Shen Jia is planning to build a new 400,000-ton production line, start a green transition, and propose "buy in."
The company issued a public announcement to invest in the construction of a project for the production of 400,000 tons of high-performance fibre lines per year from the LeAnn zero-carbon-smart manufacturing base, as well as an accompanying 200mw wind power support project. At the same time, the company created the New Stone Energy Company Ltd. to coordinate the company’s investments in the area of clean energy.
The company is a leading industry, with a global market share of 20%, and is now expanding faster than the country’s external fibre-optic firms, and the market share is expected to rise further. The global rate of interest increase is expected to slow down next year, with downstream demand.
In addition, in response to the country’s “double carbon requirement”, the company plans to build the new materials industrial park in Jiang Suhuahuai, where a total of 4 100,000 tons of fibre-optic production lines are currently planned, at a cost of approximately $4.67 billion.
To this end, the company will invest in 200mw wind power support projects worth 985 million yuan, with a package of products for the following year.
The project is financed by the Great Stones and New Energy (Liao An), a fully-owned company with 80% and 20% shares, respectively, of wind and wind power. The project is scheduled to start in the first half of 2023.
Institutional investors account for a share in circulation. Companies are steadily expanding their capacity: they are expanding their capacity in an orderly manner. In mid-December, Egypt officially launched its 120,000 tons of fibre-optic production line project, bringing the capacity of Egypt to 340,000 tons.
So far, we have estimated the company’s productive capacity at about 2.5 million tons and 800 million metres of electronic fabric. The company’s current construction and planning projects include a 400,000 tons annual production line construction project for Kojiang base, and a new announced project, Huai An, which is expected to be launched in 2023-2025.
The company created a new energy platform company to speed up the green transformation: the company announced the creation of a new company, Giant Stone and New Energy, to coordinate the company’s investments in the area of clean energy, including the construction and operation of base-based wind power, photovoltaic projects.
The creation of the platform reflects the fact that the company is actively engaged in a green transition.
I'm sorry, chinaresearchdept.