A robust growth in performance and a full-blown international layout Events: In recent days, Chinese securities published in mid-2019, generating operating income of $11,107 million, Hong Kong Central Settlement (agent)
Wealth management is strong, brokers are both well-established: 2019h1’s wealth management business shows that a star with 22.664 million downloads, with an average monthly activity of 74.899 million, continues to lead all securities trading classes. In addition, the mobile end directly brings in an incremental client of 53.28.
The market value of a share in circulation (million yuan) is 10,000, representing 99.32% of all new clients, and the current effect continues to be felt. 2) The city’s share is a steady driver of higher transaction revenues.
The index of relative depth of 300 shares shows that at present the indicators of customer transactions and asset size of companies are among the top in the industry. 3) Substitute sales are expanding, with concern for the risk of irregularities. The number of corporate financial holdings and sales are steadily increasing.
However, it is worth noting that in the past, the Jiangsu Inspectorate issued an order for the correction of the company's illegal sales of “popular assets” products on behalf of the company, indicating that there are concerns about the fast-onset sales, and that the follow-up is still pending.
All right. With improved market risk preferences, companies are actively using the flow advantage for a two-way exhibition.
The revenue of $60,393 million, a 25.23 per cent decline from the previous year, has been a drag on performance. In particular, the sum of $47,424 million that was covered by the combined shareholdings of Huatai, which was 42,83 per cent lower than the base of the same period last year, is still ranked fifth in the industry; on the other hand, the bond business has expanded along with the industry as a whole.
In addition, the company's performance in this area, as a leader in merger and reprogramming, has declined, despite the fact that the research assistant: Hsi-Kong-Wong-bin, who recently resigned from his post for personal reasons, needs to be noted.
Liu Xiaodan, who has been the key leader of the Huaitai Investment Line for the past decade, has promoted the rise of the M & A Reorganization business, known as the Queen of M & A. This year, CSRC regulation of M & As is being relaxed and recommended close attention to the new Chairman of the Board.
Gdr+assetmark, the next city on the international layout: 1) The company successfully released the gdr in June, becoming the first "a+h+g" coupon. On the one hand, the company succeeded in laying out the UK and Europe markets, and the company came in.
A step-by-step expansion of the global business landscape. On the other hand, the net assets of companies raising $11.3 billion have already reached the point where companies can make further investments in both large-scale and non-directive self-investments. 2) Within North America’s wealth and wealth management subsidiary, setmark, growth is robust. As of 2019 q1assetmark is in the United States.
The city share in the tamp industry was 10.0%, ranking third. As of 2019h1, the platform had a total of 7899 independent investment advisers, representing an increase of 4.30% compared to the beginning of the year; the terminal account for the service covered more than 150,000 families, an increase of 16.00% compared to the beginning of the year.
In a nutshell, companies are expanding their markets in Europe and America, innovatively organizing their globalized business, and playing for the international version of the “breath to fortune” that is being developed.
Investment advice and profit predictions: corporate performance is generally robust, except for the best-performing wealth management, which meets expectations. While corporate performance growth is not as high as the industry as it is at the same time, it is much higher than the industry as a whole.
Line operations remain extremely competitive, while the global layout has a high number of bright spots, and there is much room for improved performance. Against the backdrop of the current rapid pace of capital-market reforms, companies are expected to benefit fully from the policy dividend as innovative coupons, achieving a steady and long-term improvement in performance and valuation.
Figure 1: Changes in the revenue from securities operations in Huatai (billion yuan, %) Figure 2: The structure of securities income in Huatai (%) Figure 4: The bond undertaking in Huatai (billion yuan, %)
Figure 3: Voltaic ipo operations (millions of yuan, %) Figure 5: App-lined stock exchange category late in June 2019 Figure 6: Size of asset atsetmark (millions of United States dollars)