The company evaluation report  The securities industry Friday, 30 August 2019
Accomplishing business performance, leading by internationalization □ August 30, 2019 semi-annual report issued by the Huatai Securities, achieved operating income of 11,107 million yuan, an increase of 35.18 per cent over the reporting period, and a net return to the mother of 4,057 million yuan, an increase of 28.43 per cent over the same period.
□ Successfully developed wealth management and leading the brokering business. The active investment in the first quarter has led to a rapid increase in corporate brokerage revenues, with the company stock-based transactions accounting for the highest amount of $11.09 trillion during the reporting period. Against a backdrop of a steady decline, the company has made a major effort to develop its wealth management business and is committed to serving from the traditional corridors.
Comprehensive wealth management operations and integrated financial services transformation, and financial technology enabling wealth management have achieved positive results □ positive performance. The scale of corporate management operations has increased by 2.95% to reach $2.95 billion, with public fund management operations growing to $7.855 billion, the same size as in the case of the new regulations.
According to the release of the project, nine projects are currently being promoted by the company, which is the fifth largest in the industry. The company’s shareholdings are always the top five in the industry, and bonds are the top seven in the industry.
The release of the gdr supplementary capital to expand the company’s overseas distribution has created the conditions for opening up European markets, pre-empting Quillongton’s business, and is expected to accelerate the release of its performance potential. The CSRC has approved the company’s listing outside of Aseetmark, and the company is qualified to operate as a broker dealer in the United States.
This set of capital operations pre-empts corporate growth in internationalization and globalization by contributing to new performance investment proposals: corporate brokerage has a strong leadership position, financial performance is bright, the Internet is active, and the wealth management transformation is orderly.
The distribution of gdr, as well as the listing of an assetmark, has helped to expand international operations, with companies developing 21/19 times better, maintaining a “recommended” rating. Macroeconomic growth is not as fast as expected: stock markets are weak: significant changes in regulatory policy.
Figure 2: The pb-band dot. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
There will be no change. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and there is no interest in evaluating or recommending the securities in the report. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may provide or seek to raise them.
For investment banking or other services.