Performance meets expectations, overseas profile: company reported mid-2019 income of $11.11 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 35.2 per cent over the same period; net profit return of mothers of $4.06 billion, an increase of 28.4 per cent over the previous year; ps 0.49/share; net return of mother ' s capital
2019h1 performance is in line with expectations, with self-investment-driven companies performing +35.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis, 19h1 having a positive net profit of +28.4 per cent to 4.06 billion yuan on a year-on-year basis, which is the first half of 2019, with a significant boost in income from self-financing operations and attaining +119.7 per cent to 34.43 billion yuan on a year-on-year basis (industry + 110.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis).
In addition, companies attach great importance to research applications of advanced technologies such as big data and artificial intelligence, investing in the development of data-trading operations, promoting the scale of transactions and profits, and aiming to achieve robust performance growth through science and technology empowerment in the future.
1) The company works to build a one-stop wealth management service platform, where the brokerage company leads the run-in (up from 18 years, smart technology, etc., drives the re-engineering of wealth management, and online intelligence services, p.e., “Grown wealth”
The average monthly activity was 7.49 million, ranking first among the securities companies. 2) Capital intermediation has progressed steadily, with a reduction in stock pledge sizes and a further increase in market share rates (reversed by the size of investment management capacity and product creation, pooling, targeting and dedicated asset management).
In the future, companies are expected to continue to rely fully on the resource edge of the entire business chain to strengthen industry’s leadership. The company’s gdr, which was successfully placed on the market in London in June of that year, raised a total of $1.69 billion to create multiple financing records in the United Kingdom’s capital markets, as well as in Europe.) Companies are actively building platforms for cross-border operations.
Increased cross-border linkages of resources, with Chinese capital (Hong Kong) receiving HK$ 8.8 billion, capital regulations 1, “Hong Kong securities” (601688): Self-employment models are in the forefront of Hong Kong ' s industry. 3) In 2016, companies acquired an ensetmark to transform their wealth management.
Investment drags, wealth management reshapes, and global resources provide a powerful platform for internationalizing the development landscape. As of 20191, the share of the asset mark in the United States is 10.0% in the Tampm industry, third place, asset management.
The scale was between +25.0 per cent and $56.1 billion at the end of 2018, and in July 2019, assetmark reported in the United States three quarters of the year: derivatives floated on the market, and corporate international market influence increased further.
3 Washington Securities (601688): Director  Profit Forecasting and Investment Rating: Company performance of 2019h1 meets expectations, is due to market warming and self-modification, assetmark overseas
Business investment growth drives. Corporate wealth management transitions are moving fast, international operations are growing steadily, and it's good to see that Le Wu Xin Xiao Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory.