Valtay Securities (601688.sh)
This represents an increase of 28.43 per cent: the non-weighted average net asset return of 3.81 per cent, an increase of 0.35 percentage points over the same period last year.
As a result of the reforms, the number of companies engaged in brokering has been rising, rising from 6.118% in 2013 to 8.853% in 2016 (601688.sh): the total assets of the Department of Technology and Economics client accounts have exceeded 3 trillion. The company relies on the advantages of financial science and technology and the whole business chain, and is digitized around it.
The upgrading of enabling and asset allocation services will accelerate the transformation of wealth management, with a focus on building financial product systems, service platforms, and investment advisory teams. Building on the business management and service systems of the assetmark operations, the iterative upgrading of the finance services platform functions will facilitate the transformation of asset allocation-oriented investment advisers and improve the quality of investment advisory services.
According to the statistics of the Chinese Securities Association, at the end of the reporting period, the share of investment advisers among the employees of the parent company stood at 31.40%, and was ranked first in the industry. In financial product sales, based on the company’s large customer base, the advantages of the Internet were fully realized, and the support of the investment system for product allocation and client demand was strengthened.
The whole-flow management model for good financial products, the number of financial products held and the scale of sales have steadily increased, with public fund sales growing faster, reaching $16.7 billion in corporate financial product sales in the first half of 2019.
Corporate asset management actively optimizes stocks, innovates, and continuously upgrades proactive investment management capabilities and product creation capabilities. In the first half of 2019, the corporate portfolio received 1,399 million yuan, a 19 per cent increase over the same period. According to the Association of Foundations, in the first quarter of 2019, there was a negative growth.
The average monthly size of private corporate equity management is $849.106 billion, and the industry ranks second; the average monthly size of private private equity management is $233,452 million, and the industry ranks fourth. In the first half of 2019, China-Thai ' s management abs issued 44.784 billion, and the industry ranks second.
In June, the Washington Stock Exchange successfully issued a total of $1,692 million in gdr, the largest ipo market since 2013, increasing capital strength while promoting international business development.
By the end of the first quarter of 2019, the market share of the share mark in the United States Tamp industry was 10.0%, ranking third, with over 150,000 end-accounts covered by the platform ' s total services.
In June 2019, the Huatai Securities (United States) obtained a licence plate for a United States broker to conduct brokering business in the United States.
Unexpected growth of offshore operations; risk of fluctuations in commission rates for brokering; risk of large market fluctuations; peripheral environment; Institute sales team, Xu Jialine
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.