C.O.S.C. (002236), security video surveillance taps, ppp and offshore operations are helping to grow.
• The company is the leading company in the security video surveillance industry, issuing a fast-track report on its performance, with a total operating profit of $1.83 billion in 2016, an increase of 33.4 per cent over the previous year, and maintaining a higher rate of growth in the company’s operations than in the industry. * The ppp project order was released, enabling performance grew: in 2016, the company completed the construction of the ppp model project
The construction of the Safe City Project in Guangxi City and the Safe City Project in Xinjiang Shijiang City have led companies to accumulate experience with the construction and transportation model, which has led to the establishment of a landmark project that will provide the basis for the follow-up of the new ppp order, which will help companies to further expand their markets.
The rapid landing of the ppps in Guangxi, Guizhou, and Xinjiang, which accumulated over $5 billion (including the framework agreement), facilitated the rapid upturn in corporate performance, the capture of market shares, and the further seizure of international markets and the consolidation of international leadership by virtue of brand advantages and high value for money.
• Increased demand for intelligence, with market share concentrated: advances in technologies such as cloud computing, artificial intelligence, and urban security demand have placed higher demands on the intellectualization of the video security industry. While the prevalence of high-security cameras is higher in the country, overall intelligence is still low, and high-end smart products are more sophisticated.
In addition, as the City of Peace and the City of Smart advance, companies with hardware, platform service capabilities and city-wide security architecture design will compete.
In the future, the market will become more concentrated, and it will benefit 25 times, 19 times and 15 times, respectively. Given that the company is the leader of the security video surveillance industry, the company profile: the leader of the security video surveillance industry.
The company is a supplier of video surveillance products in the security industry, whose main business is the development, production, and sale of video surveillance products. The company’s products have been used for such major projects as the remote monitoring project of the world’s largest hydroelectric power plant, the Greatest Direct Flow 500kv Reflux project, and the Ei Changlong Spring Exchange project, which has set up its own poles in the security industry.
1.1 Four main areas of product layout around the security core. Companies have developed audio-visual decoding algorithms, information storage and call technologies, integrated circuit applications, network control and transmission technologies, embedded technology development of the five core technology platforms, and “Great security” towards the security video surveillance frontier.
The product structure, with the company ' s embedded dvr as its core product, has constructed the following product layouts. 1.2 The firm ' s performance has grown robustly. 1.83 billion yuan in net profits for the shareholders of the parent company, representing an increase of 33.4 per cent for the year 2015 and a net profit for the whole year, respectively.
100.78 billion yuan and 1.38 billion yuan, representing an increase of 37 per cent and 20.7 per cent, respectively, and a steady improvement in the company ' s performance. In 2015, security production reached 21.708 million units, with sales increasing to 21.18 million units, an increase of 52 per cent and 59.4 per cent, respectively, compared to the previous year.
There has been a slight decline in back-end video products, a slight increase in digital remote image monitoring, and a slight decline in other types of product Māori rates. Corporate ownership structure: dvr, as the master control device, is the core product of the digital video surveillance system and the company’s core product.
As a result of structural changes in corporate income, front-end products have gone beyond the back end to the largest share of business, and the difference between the latter and the following years has continued to widen, with the 2015 annual report showing that the share of revenue earned by front-end video products has increased more than back-end video products.
Industry analysis: The concentration of the security sector in the domestic market, after the initial and initial stages of development, has been on the fast track since 2005, and since then the security sector has benefited from major projects such as “Safe City”, “3111 Pilot Project”, and the 2008 Beijing Olympics.
At present, the security sector in the country is composed mainly of the following types of enterprises: processors, mainly for design, installation and services; distributors, agents; suppliers of products, mainly for production and supply of safe products; and, fourthly, suppliers of products.
Among these, the security products produced and supplied by the security suppliers can be roughly divided into eight broad categories, thus forming eight major specialized areas for the security suppliers, with the following industrial structure as shown in the figure below:
Figure 5: The structure of our security industry, the safe products, which are an important part of the social security system and are part of electronic information products, is a supplier of security products in the security industry, and in the specialized areas of specialization of the security suppliers, the specialized areas are:
In the early days of the company's existence, Dahua focused on “technology and innovation, with market-driven demand”, and since the launch of the first eight-way autonomous research and development (Dvr) initiative in 2001, it has continued to increase its investment in, and its commitment to, technological innovation. Nearly 10% of the annual sales revenue is invested in research and development, and now has more than 3,000 people.
The team, which creates many industries and the world’s first, has always been at the forefront of the industry’s technology. At the same time, Zhejiang has been expanding its production and business practices, and the company’s smart-brain network estate is expected to be officially operational this year, optimizing cost structures and enriching the company’s supply chain ecological system through the construction of modern high-end manufacturing sites.
In addition, the company has set up three separate production lines: the pcba line, the storage product line, and the front-end product line.
The area is 6,000 square metres and involves four current water assembly lines, four test lines, capable of producing 7 million units per year. The front end product production line, with a site area of 17,000 square metres, involves 19 current water assembly lines, 19 test lines, and a total of 2.1 video surveillance markets maintain a high rate of growth.
The security sector in the country is currently growing rapidly, and in 2016 the domestic video surveillance market continued to grow rapidly. As the country’s smart cities are built, domestic demand for security markets will continue to grow.
The security market will open up even further at the local level, following the pace of large projects such as safe cities at the city level, smart cities, etc. 2.2 Industry intelligentness needs will rise as hardware (chips, etc.), communications environments, etc. mature, except for basic manual surveillance and data recording.
Besides, more important is the intelligent processing of surveillance videos and collected data, which requires the identification, retrieval, and behavioural analysis of people, vehicles, and other important items in the video, and the compilation of information about the industry on that basis. The introduction of smartness requirements for video surveillance allows us to consider not only visualization in video surveillance systems, but also in video processing.
The frequency is structured, and then the basis for dealing with it is based on the application of big data. In its present form, the security industry has the following trends: \triangleright
\triangleright smartness will be the main thrust of enterprise development.
\triangleright product exports will continue to grow steadily \triangleright
Market competition will become more rational and more prescriptive, and intelligence is now permeating across industries, raising the need for intelligence as the advantage of intelligence in video security is highlighted. The level of intelligence in urban security is still low, high-end smart products have huge release space, and production is expected to be safe.
On the other hand, the focus of cities and smart cities has shifted to back-end networking platforms, such as cameras. In the future, cloud platforms will be the focus of competition.
2.3 Haikang and Dahua, both industries, according to the data from the China net, the total value of the security sector in 2015 was $486 billion, the total value of the security sector was 7 per 1,000, the industry grew 13 per cent, and the domestic security market grew more rapidly than the global market.
With 23,400 industries and a complex competitive market environment, and with changes in market regulation and competitiveness factors, markets will be able to streamline mainstream listed companies in the security sector. It can be observed that, as competition in the domestic security sector increases, the overall Māori rate in the industry is declining, the effects of the industry are evident, and the market share of the GW shares and the HKCW are continuously increasing, leading to a rise in the market share of the industry.
In the lead industry, small and medium-sized producers, based on regional or niche products and services, can take a place in the market. Corporations focus on R & D, which in 2014 generated 43% of Haikang’s operating income, but continue to strengthen their R & D investment, building on the 2013 high base, with R & D investment reaching 60% of Haikang’s R & D input.
Despite the impact of high corporate input on short-term performance over the past two years, the company has accumulated over the past two years, and in particular, in 2015, it was more visible than the innovative changes in development strategies, with nine industry 114 sub-programmes proposed before and after the company achieving full coverage of security applications, a layout of industry marketing organizations and piloting product manager teams.
In particular, scale-up sales of medium- and high-end equipment are facilitated by project landings, thus facilitating faster release of company sales performance. In practical terms, the business model, with integrated marketing of hardware and software, is just getting on track, and the share of performance under this innovative business model will be gradually raised as projects like Safe Cities, Smart Cities, etc. are fielded and effectively applied in various sectors.
Increased. After the grinding period during which the equipment provider was transformed into a solution service provider, the late energy became apparent, and the domestic competition for the 3ppp model perfected with the security industry by introducing the ppp model 3.1 to help prevent the development of the solution.
According to the draft 2016 budget, local governments have a combined general and special-purpose debt balance of approximately $17.2 trillion, and local governments still have large debt gaps. The government remains the largest client of the security industry, but it is under enormous pressure if it supports security in the form of fiscal spending.
The bt model is now widely used for security project construction, and the bt project can solve the government’s short-term funding difficulties, but there are more limitations to either the bt model or the government’s direct investment. The advantage of the ppp model is to compensate for the shortcomings of the traditional bt model.
The extent to which businesses are involved in urban video surveillance projects, and the motivation of businesses are fully mobilized, further release of city video surveillance construction orders for the future ppp model is expected.
In 2016, the company completed the construction of the ppp model project. The construction of the two projects, the Safe City Project in Guangxi City and the Safe City Project in Xinjiang Shiksu City, provided China with an opportunity to learn from the practical experience of the build-up +-vim model.
As far as the market space is concerned, the world’s growth has gradually opened up, while the domestic market for industrial security has been opened, there are huge markets abroad that cannot be ignored.
Overseas is at least twice as high as home. While seeking domestic markets, China is also looking abroad. The latest report issued by the global authority, ihs, shows that China’s share in the Chinese market continued to grow steadily in 2015, reaching 12.1%, while in the global video surveillance market, the share of China grew from 6.1% to 7.5% in 2014 and has been associated for many years.
According to Security and Automation, "The 50th World Security" in 2015, the company joined the top five "The 50th World Security" with more than $1.1 billion in global sales and more than 35% of sales in 2014. In the same year, China’s shares in the Netherlands set up the European Distribution Centre, which significantly increased the company’s local supply capacity in Europe.
The growth in the size of overseas operations has reduced the cost of products, and the Māori rate has continued to rise. As companies expand overseas, public-sector products are expected to take over the international market further, drawing on brand advantages and high value for money.
The revenue growth rate for back-end audio-visual products was 26 per cent, 27 per cent and 28 per cent, respectively. The growth rate of revenue from digital remote image surveillance systems was 26 per cent, 27 per cent and 28 per cent, respectively, benefiting from smooth growth in domestic market demand, accelerated expansion of foreign markets and the location of the ppp project.
The Māori ratio is assumed to be 38.8%, 38.3% and 38.3% respectively for front-end video products, respectively, and the Māori rate for back-end video products is a risk of competition or deterioration, ppp project advances or does not meet expectations, overseas market expansion or expectations.
No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.