A non-financial first-time cover report.
Capital and sound overseas development, the second curve accelerates growth support re-evaluates investment ratings: buy in (for the first time) the world’s leading integrated construction group, with orders that provide solid support. China’s central business is the leading global integrated construction group.
Wang Binjun has significant advantages in the construction of railways and electrical railways, which account for more than two-thirds of the country’s total mileage, and Electrified railways.
In addition, companies account for one eighth and three fifths of the country’s market share in road and urban orbital construction, respectively, and industry competes. Despite a 12.4% decline in the single-year ratio in 2024 due to factors such as a slowdown in urbanization and local debt relief pressures, the proportion of newly signed bonds fell by 12.4%, but the public.
The overall order size of the Division remained adequate, with the outstanding contract value of $6.22 trillion as of the first half of 2024, an increase of 5.9 per cent compared with the end of the previous year, providing solid support for future performance.
The policy is expected to contribute to the recovery of infrastructure, and the expansion of new business is expected to accelerate growth.1 The capital master industry is under short-term pressure, backed by policy support, or is expected to recover.
In 2024, a new business was signed for $42,574 million, or +11.3 per cent, of which the resource was used for mining.
The entity operates mainly through the deployment of five modern mines inside and outside the country, including the Heilongjiang deer molten mine, the Congo ' s green bronze cobalt mine, the mkm copper cobalt mine, the Lugangsicomine copper cobalt mine and the Mongolian Uran lead and zinc mine. 2024h1, the company ' s mineral resources business is steadily developing, with copper, cobalt, molybdenum, 53.35%, and the profitability is significantly better than the traditional capital business. The resource business has become a new growth engine for the company.
Since 2009, companies have accumulated $40.76 billion (including taxes) to promote market value management reviews for listed companies, encouraging them to stabilize expectations and convey confidence through market-based growth, buy-backs, and so on. As market value management policies move forward, valuations are expected to be repaired and potential values released.
China has responded positively to the “one-way” initiative, and has continued to expand its overseas markets, and overseas operations have increased significantly more rapidly than in the country. In 2024, the H1 company generated 34.124 million yuan abroad, an increase of 6.11 per cent compared to the same year, far higher than the country’s deep involvement in such “one-way” landmark projects as the Yavan high iron and the medium and old railways in Indonesia, drawing on a wealth of overseas project experience and competitiveness.
In the future, further breakthroughs are expected in the construction of new energy infrastructure, such as wind power and light voltage, to become a new growth point for overseas operations. Profit predictions and ratings: China’s Central Iron is the leader of China’s capital, with a strong market position in the fields of railways, roads, and municipal infrastructure.
It is hoped that the valuation will lead to the restoration of valuations, along with the continuous expansion of overseas operations, the growth of new and emerging operations, and the long-term development space, which will cover for the first time the “buying of my own personal views on the subject matter securities and issuers.” My diligent and professional approach to research, the use of information on legal compliance, and the independent and objective production of this report will not be associated with, and will not be directly or indirectly linked to, any part of the remuneration received by this person.