In January-September 2018, the company realized its operating income of $3.411 billion.
This represents an increase of 0.34 per cent in the same year; the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company is $347 million, a decrease of 6.23 per cent in the same year; the net profit of the shareholders of the division is $122 million, an increase of 1.69 per cent in the same year; the value of the membrane is on the rise, and the trend towards lower prices on the backboard is difficult to change.
The company is a global velvet, with a market share of more than 50%. In the first three quarters of 2018, the company sold 134, 1.40 million and 149 million square metres of photovoltaic film, respectively, generating revenues of 9.16, 9.84 and 1,061 million yuan, up three consecutive quarters; and sold the luminous backboards.
In terms of sales prices, photovoltaic film and $11.51 per square metre in the first three quarters of 2018 were lower than the 13.92, 13.87 and 13.61 yuan per square metre in the same period last year, and the ring ratio continued to decline. In terms of raw material prices, the main raw material in the previous three quarters was the eva resin list.
The product structure of the company is gradually being optimized, with high unit prices of whiteeva and poe membrane sales increasing by the same amount, leading to an increase in the average price of the company ' s film products; in overseas markets, the Department has raised the foreign market through long-term branding effects and large customer strategies; and in Thailand,
The country’s new factory area was officially put into use, with an early completion of its overseas production capability. The country’s photovoltage industry continued to be optimized, and the EU’s two-pronged end was expected to be beneficial exports, and according to the China Association of Photovoltage Industries, in January-September 2018, we added a new photovolt.
34.5gw, a 20% decline in the same year, with a concentration of 17.4gw, a 37% decline in the same year, and a distribution of 17.14gw, a 12% increase in the same year. This figure shows the structure of the photovoltaic industry in the country.
In addition, the export of photovoltaic components in 1-September reached 34gw. Approximately 61.9 per cent of the output was produced and has exceeded exports throughout 2017.
On August 31, the European Commission announced that EU anti-dumping and countervailing measures against glacial products would end on September 3th. We expect that the withdrawal of the photovoltaic double reverse will further benefit domestic firms’ exports and benefit the export of products and the profit security of domestic photovoltaic firms.
It is hoped that the elimination of domestic stock of component enterprises will be accelerated. The policy in the photovoltaic sector is not as good as expected; the international situation is changing and the impact of both sides is high; there is a price war in the industry; the customer returns are not as good as expected; and the new materials business is not moving as well as expected.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.