Haeconway (002415.sz) 1024 net non-mortality profit increases by 13% over the same period, smart-ass conglomerate transitions are initially completed.
One billion yuan (yoy+7.42 per cent), a net return of 14.11 billion yuan (yoy+9.89 per cent), a Māori rate of 44.4 per cent (yoy+2.15 pct), and a recovery of 17.820 billion yuan (yoy+9.98 per cent) in 1q24, excluding the net return of the mother, through the advantage of the size of the supply chain, technological gains and a positive increase in corporate Māori.
In the second half of the year, domestic operations were repaired at a similar rate, with ebg incomes exceeding the pbg by 20 per cent. In 23 years, the public service community (pbg) collected 15,354 million yuan (youy-4.84 per cent) and in the second half of the year, at the first half of the year, the combined smart goods strategy was first completed.
Overseas operations grew by 8.83 per cent in 23 years and innovation by 23.11 per cent in the same year. 23 years of overseas operations were combined, overseas channels were sold in tandem with the project market, and a new growth curve was developed for non-video operations (stopping, alarm, display, etc.).
With the opening of regional operations in developing countries, firms’ overseas operations are expected to grow steadily in the future. Towards the Ot manufacturer, technological aids such as large models, big data, etc., are becoming more cost-effective.
Within this framework, digitalization of the scene is an important direction of alot’s strategic business, with companies providing products and solutions for digital transformation of various types of enterprises based on perception technology.
Qualitative efficiency, external enabling solutions: Using flexible production efficiency upgrades as an example, large-scale predictive models can use data such as historical demand for products and changing trends for forecasting, resulting in an almost 10 per cent increase in delivery delivery and an almost 10 per cent increase in order coupling; automation and improvement in good quality through production process monitoring.
Investment Recommendations: We look forward to the long-term growth dynamics of the smart mix supported by business resilience and big models, big data, etc., in the context of corporate efficiency gains, considering the use of the Provident Fund, social security and travel costs in Heiconway (002415.sz)-4q23 net profit ring growth of 50% for the company.
"The net return profit for the first quarter of Haiconway (002415.sz)-3q23 increased by 14 per cent over the same period, "Haiconheim (002415.sz) and the net return profit for the second quarter of 2023 achieved "Haiconway (002415.sz) - the quarterly return of the same ring in the same period of performance, "
Figure 2: The company ' s collection structure in recent years (in billions of yuan)
Figure 5: Cost of the company for the last five years (%): The company ' s R & D input and its share of revenue over the last five years (billions of yuan, %) The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author