April 21st, 2024.
(a) Roughly $89,340 million (yoy+7.4 per cent); a net return to the mother of $14,108 million (yoy+9.9 per cent);
Inputs to foster it into a new growth curve, generating a total income of $18.553 billion, a significant increase in the same year, mainly affected by macroeconomic fluctuations, with a narrow reduction; and $12.679 billion (Yoy+8.12 per cent) in smgg, driven mainly by growth in business, education and industrial park operations
Net cash flows from operating activities increased by 63.55 per cent over the year, as a result of higher sales returns The company maintained a relatively stable three-cost level of continued investment on a larger scale.
This is an increase in the cost of human resources, such as public funds, social security, and travel. On a business-by-business basis, the profitability of individual innovation and storage operations is evident.
The Department is working to integrate ot with t, dt, to create a series of six major digital products, such as "Control Implementation", "Monitoring Measurement", "Form Operation", "Safe Production" and "Safe Production as One" , and to create an enterprise-level application of t. Through digitized products and solutions, companies support enterprises.
As another major operator in alot's strategic operations, except security, the company evaluates the company's performance.
Towards a company-owned digitalization of business scenes, product research and development in combination with different perception technologies, building improvements, robust growth of innovation operations, the basis for data analysis and application across industries; application scenarios from the digitalization of auxiliary management to the core industry
The digitalization of the links, the wide range of applications covered by existing digital products, the expansion of digital technology between Governments and enterprises, the release of digital data values and the expansion of modelling capabilities: companies were active in the development of the “digital China” country's important strategy called for by the 14th Five-Fifteenth Five-Fifteenth Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-F4-F4-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4
In a variety of technological areas, such as artificial intelligence, the introduction of a capability architecture for cloud-side integration, tactile integration, multi-intelligence integration, and software technology systems support the modular development model. At present, more than 4,200 components have been accumulated in the company ' s component warehouse, which is more than 14 times higher than in 2018.
The Division has launched a large-scale model covering three levels of basic models, industry models and mission models, with four core advantages: model wealth, industry competence, high deployment value, flexible and efficient application, and continuous promotion of a broader range of values for artificial intelligence.
Data knowledge, with advantages such as high parameter size, high generalization, high performance; large industry models that can benefit from further pre-training and fine-tuning of industry data, with specialist-level competencies in targeted industry areas; mission models that deepen specific scenarios or operations; and three-tier architecture layers that move forward to significantly generalize large model capabilities
Large-scale models now cover more than 10 major industries and more than 500 sub-sectors to meet the digital transformation needs of downstream clients. Large model algorithms are optimized, enabling intelligence is applied to innovation, and project delivery is enhanced: companies are optimized.
Model technology, which allows the analysis of small end-side models to be re-filtered through a large, central side model to ensure that the closing is reduced by more than 80%. In addition, the ability to understand large-scale cv model images enhances the original, structured levels of video, including the analysis of full image information, intelligent view search, etc.
Large model generalization and target detection capabilities, and companies further improve the efficiency of algorithm development and application, allowing for rapid incubation of new algorithms, rapid validation of new scenario algorithms from zero to one, boosting project delivery efficiency to save time costs and, in turn, reduce efficiency gains.
Billion dollars, an increase of 11.7%-13.2%/1.0% over the same period; realization of the net return profit I have committed myself to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
This report is provided to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities). Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risks, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy Securities Agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.