Business performance grew robustly, and there was a wide scope for innovation - the annual report of Heiconway (002415.sz) in 2023 and the quarterly reviews in 2024
In 2023, the performance of the company improved on a quarterly basis, achieving business income of $89,340 million a year, increasing the market value in circulation (million yuan): in the first quarter of 2024, the company achieved operating income of $17,818 million, an increase of 9.98 per cent;
In 2023, the company continued to increase its R & D investment, amounting to $11,392 million.
16.08%. After more than a decade of sedimentation, the company ' s multi-dimensional sensory and sensory integration technologies have developed a certain accumulation, the development and application of artificial intelligence has developed on a certain scale, and the continuous investment of artificial intelligence has led to substantial improvements in product R & D, arithmetic R & D, and programme R & D. In 2023, the company launched the technology.
"Study by the State Dollar Securities Corporation - 2023 Seaconway (002415.sz) " , "A large number of new products adapted to new needs and different functional patterns of the new scene, laying the ground for the intelligentness conglomerate strategy " .
In addition, the company has promoted the creation of digital products for the production of parks, using itself as a model to be fully validated. By promoting innovative applications of automation, digitalization, and smart technology and products, The National Dollar Securities Corporation Research-Hiconway (002415.sz) 2022
Increased quality of supply, increased operational efficiency, and reduced production costs. Reporting points assessed in the first quarter of 2023: smooth growth in revenue collection Rapid growth in innovative operations and sustained expansion of operations
In the area of innovation, the Focalstone Network, which landed in 2022, has become a rare industrial aerot enterprise, ranging from hard design research and development to a well-developed cloud platform with the ability to provide full vertical integration services. Seacom robots focus on industrial goods networking, intelligent logistics, and intelligent manufacturing, and continue to move.
The robots, the machines and the visuals have become the country's leading machines, the visuals and the migration of the army, the robots and the ipo applications have been submitted to the start-up board.
The company provides global users with video-centric smartness networking solutions and big data suits, with full advantages in terms of technology, products, and solutions, and has broad prospects for sustained growth.
Risks of the geopolitical environment; downside risks of the global economy; risks of structural transformation of the domestic economy; supply chain wind risks; risks of technological upgrading; risks of internal management; risks of legal compliance; risks of exchange rate fluctuations; financial risks resulting from reduced household capacity to pay; cybersecurity risks; intellectual property rights risks.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.