On July 12th, 2024, scale, high end, globalization, intelligence, multiple growth upwards. New energy + exports \triangleright \triangleright
The core growth of the volume is driven by a decline of 200,000 yuan in market size into a core advantage, a boom in industry, and a loss of joint venture premiums and an acceleration of self-government in markets above $200,000. We look to Biadi: 1) scale: companies as industry leaders, with a Dm-i 5.0 technology plus a cost advantage to strengthen the domestic market leader of 200,000 yuan in the country.
(b) High-end: technologically high-level, high-level, high-scaling, upsight, equation leopards; (c) globalization, with high export sales and accelerated global manufacturing; (d) smartness: sustained R & D inputs, accelerating pilot landings. We look forward to corporate scalding, globalization, high-end, intelligentness, multiple upwards.
This report is the Biadi Insight II series, which focuses on the company’s potential space and strategy. Overseas plants + self-built fleets + channel layout, and companies’ competitiveness abroad is further enhanced.
In September 2022, the company announced the construction of a new energy-borne vehicle plant in five countries abroad, with a combined planned annual capacity of more than one million vehicles and accelerated capacity exports. At present, the company’s plants in Uzbekistan and Thailand are already operating, respectively.
In January 2024 and July 2024, Brazilian factories are expected to be operational by 2024h2, and Indonesian and Hungarian factories are expected to be operational by around 2026; 2) self-built motor transport fleets will reduce transport capacity, guarantee rapid delivery and expansion of overseas markets and speed up full-car exports; 3) multi-stakeholder cooperation to expand distribution channels
The company has chosen a cooperative strategy of distributors to achieve a rapid expansion of local distribution networks, depending on the local context. 1. Biadei (002594.sz) series depth I: dm-i Focus South-East/South America/Central-West Asia/Oceania/Western Europe region, where companies are expected to make long-term global voyages
\triangleright space will reach 49.18 million. 1) South-East Asian market (12.5%, 162.25 million): New energy market start 2. Biadi (002594.sz) series XI:dm-
To begin, in July 2024, the plant in Thailand, the largest location for the company, was launched, and it is expected that the company will focus on Thailand and accelerate the flow of new energy sources to South-East Asia; 2) South American market (17.1 per cent/563,000 vehicles): new energy 3.Biyadi (002594.sz) series evaluation XI: sales
With the rapid start of the source market and the deepening of local expansion, the company is expected to open up the South American market with Brazil at its core as the Brazilian plant enters production at 2024h2; 3) the Oceania market (20.5 per cent/246,000): accelerated energy penetration, with significant Australian space under zero tariffs; 4) the Central and Western Asian market (29.1 per cent/699,000): Israel
4. Biadi (002594.sz) series X: the logic of optimisation in the 2.0 era of oil consumption is reinforced by the excellent performance of the 2024/05/column market, the plant in Uzbekistan has started to operate, and the sales volume in Israel is RMB 2023
First in the full-sized category, exceeding fuel vehicles; (5) Western Europe (4.8 per cent/581,000): New energy markets into Ping 5. Biade (002594.sz) series IX: Steady Dynasty, companies face trade friction problems, accelerated channel layout and localized production, long-term with Hungary
The construction of the plant is expected to circumvent some of the trade restrictions and further expand the Western European market. (Note: The figures in parentheses indicate the expected local forward market presence and end registration of companies abroad.)
\triangleright, the world's leading new energy car company, scalding, globalization, high-end, intelligent resonance, maintaining profit forecasting, \triangleright
On the basis of [the framework for research on car wholes], we believe that in the transformation of car smart electric power, autonomous car companies are expected to achieve higher market penetration and higher branding in China and overseas markets, with the core observation indicators being car revenue, profit expansion, car revenue = number of car types * average sales * priced by car firms for their research and development capabilities, product power, product power, product power, product power.
Brand power combined decision; car profits = number of car types * single-car sales * single-car profits * determined by the combined branding power, cost control capacity of the car.
Uplifting and upturning profits are further dependent on the strength and weakness of the product cycle; long-term decisions are determined by the level of smartness of car firms (soft fees change business patterns). In 2024, at the end of the spectrum, new energy sources increased their contribution to the sea, with a small increase in wholesale and on-risk sales expected;
At the structural level, self-empowerment accelerates, and seaboard + intelligence becomes the core thread, which is also the core change in the valuation of the booster. Figure 1: The framework for research on the whole of cars in civilian cars 1) Short-term vehicle revenue is determined by three factors
The number of vehicles (platformization, R & D strength of the company), the volume of sale of the model (competitiveness of the company), the average price of the bicycle (brand power of the company) and the level of intellectualization of the company in the medium and long term determine the income of the software.
First, we look back at the company’s exports since 2022q1, including overseas sales, export regions and exports.
In terms of overseas sales, since the launch in May 2021 of the new strategy of moving by car, there has been a rapid increase in corporate exports and overseas sales; in terms of export regions, the overseas distribution of companies is spread across six continents; in South-East Asia, South America, Oceania, Western and Central Asia, and Western Europe, the company ' s current main export region; and in terms of export patterns,
Second, we've discussed the company's approach to sea travel. On the journey, we travel from commercial cars in 2010 to cars in 2021, the company has been working for more than 10 years on the overseas market; on the seaboard model, the company announces that it will be able to travel to the sea for more than 10 years.
In Thailand, Uzbekistan, Brazil, Hungary and Indonesia, new energy-borne vehicle factories are being built to speed up production and export, while self-built transport fleets are being built to speed up the entire export of vehicles. On the sea route, companies choose a cooperative strategy of distributors to speed up the global distribution of channels.
Finally, we analyse the situation in the five major export regions of companies (South-East Asia, South America, Oceania, Central West Asia and Western Europe) and predict the forward space for companies. Analysis of developments in the local market for new energy vehicles from new energy penetration rates, competition patterns, new energy vehicle-related support policies, automobile import tariffs, etc.
Based on the analysis of major regions, we look at Toyota’s market share, give expectations of a company’s future presence in each region, and assume that the size of each region’s market is stable.
The result is to measure the forward space for companies: (1) South-East Asian markets: the start of the new energy market, which is the largest region for companies; (2) South American cities: the rapid start of the new energy market and the deepening of local expansion of companies; (3) Oceania markets: the acceleration of new energy seepage
(iv) Western and Central Asia market: Yuan plus won the Israeli sales crown and Uzbek factories started operating; (5) Western Europe market: new energy markets are entering a smooth period, companies face trade friction problems, accelerated pipeline layout and localized production; (6) other regions (Nord/Eastern Europe/Africa)
/North America: The size of the market is considerable, and it is difficult for companies to break through in the short term. We believe that, as a leading domestic new-energy automobile company, the global layout of the company will be a long way forward for the next phase of the company; accelerating the pace of plant construction in overseas markets, and the distribution of channels, will be the focus for the next phase of the company’s development.
It is expected that the company’s long-term out-of-sea space will reach 49.18 million vehicles, of which the priority exporting regions (South-East Asia/South America) will be 10,000. Given the pace of production, we judge that the future focus of the company’s export regions will be concentrated in Asia-Pacific (Thailand), South America (Brazil), Europe (Hungary) with large markets in Asia-Pacific and South America.
Without strong local factories, we believe that Asia and the Pacific and South America will grow at a faster rate than Europe. 2 companies are accelerating the rapid growth of global overseas sales.
Car Market champions. The company ' s volume of new energy by car in 2023 increased by 61.8 per cent in the same year, accounting for 11.6 per cent of domestic vehicle by 2023 and 33.5 per cent of domestic new energy industry by 2023, and continued to consolidate China ' s leading role in the new energy automobile industry, while winning the world ' s new world.
In May 2021, the company officially launched its new energy-based vehicle-riding strategy, opening a new era of overseas expansion.
From 2022H2, the volume of wholesale sales by vehicle increased rapidly, with single-month exports in April 2024 exceeding 40,000, a record high. In 2023, the volume of bulk sales by car by company increased by 243,000, compared with 3344.2%, accounting for 8.1% of the volume of bulk sales by new energy vehicles by company, and the volume of wholesale sales by export increased rapidly.
In April 2024, companies exported 41,000 vehicles per month, compared with 176.6 per cent, a record high; and China exported 429,000 vehicles per month, compared with 35.9 per cent.
In 2021, the company officially launched a new energy-car-riding strategy, relying on the domestic industrial chain, which had yielded fruitful results in just a few years. The company’s overseas terminal registration continued to grow and its long-term growth improved.
With the opportunity of growth in the global market for new energy vehicles, companies are deepening their globalization and increasing their global influence. The power-sharing pattern is that pure electric cars dominate the company’s exports, and superior new energy technologies become public.
10,000 vehicles, corresponding/ring ratio + 187.2 per cent/+22.4 per cent, representing 83.7 per cent of total overseas terminal registrations; 0.5 million offshore terminal registrations for mixed motor vehicles (phev) 2024q1 in 2023, corresponding/ring ratio +892.3 per cent/+4.8 per cent, accounting for 9.9 per cent of total overseas terminal registrations; 0.8 million overseas terminal registrations in 2023
As the world ' s first company to announce a cut-off in fuel trucks, the company has been accelerating in recent years to deepen the layout of the new energy vehicle market and continuously expanding the associated advantages of brands in the direction of new energy sources.
Figure 5: Sub-power type of company exports (millions) Figure 4: Corporate total overseas sales and acceleration (millions; %) 2.2 export regions: sales across six continents are concentrated in priority markets
Subregionally, South-East Asia, South America, Oceania, Central Western Asia and Western Europe are currently the main export areas for companies. The South-East Asia/South America/Oceania/Central Western Asia/Western Europe company's share of end-to-end registrations is a policy and measure, and demand for new energy vehicles continues to grow.
Easy mobility offers development opportunities for companies to further expand their markets. Figure 6: Subregional share of corporate exports (%) Sub-country: Thailand, Brazil, Israel and Australia are priority exporters of companies, with aggregate terminals
72.3 per cent of the company ' s overseas terminal registration; total company terminal registrations in 2023 were 75,000, (1) Thailand: in South-East Asia, company 2024q1 terminal registrations were 10,000, compared to Brazil: in South America, company 2024q1 terminal registrations were 15,000, compared to the same/ring ratio
(3) Israel: In West Central Asia, the company 2024q1 terminal registration volume is 0.7 million, the same/ring ratio (4) Australia: in Oceania, the company 2024q1 terminal registration volume is 0.4 million, countries such as the same/ring Israel implement new energy incentives, and the company quickly takes over the market with technological advantages.
2.3 The export model: the model matrix is increasingly enriched by the overseas best sales of the dollar plus, which is the company ' s main vehicle for sea travel, with a rapid increase in dolphin terminal registrations, and is more popular with Songplus and seals.
(3) Songplus: 2024q1 overseas terminal registration of 0.5 million vehicles, same/ring ratio 3) as the global model of the company's first “strategic out-of-the-sea” vehicle, successful for several months since delivery in Thailand, Brazil and Israel.
Plas Overseas Terminal registration accounts for 57.6 per cent of the company ' s total overseas terminal registration and is the company ' s main vehicle for sea travel.
3.1 Off-sea journeys: from commercial cars to ploughing overseas markets from battery electrons to cars, from commercial cars to cars, from product to production, and from firm to overseas markets, accelerating global expansion. Companies travel overseas through four major phases:
(1) Battery Electronics Out of the Sea: In 1998, the company set up its first overseas branch in the Netherlands to launch an early battery and electronic out-of-seaing operation, gradually building up international trade experience and raising brand visibility. (2) New Energy Commercial Vehicles Out of the Sea: In 2010, the company proposed a strategy for “digital public transport electricization”.
Since 2013, electric bus production bases have been built in many parts of the world. The success of the new energy commercial vehicle has built up the company’s successful experience and the resources of the city, saving overseas talent and laying a solid foundation for moving by car out of the sea.
(3) New energy by car products to sea: 2021, starting with Norway, the company officially announced the “Ride by car” scheme to further the global market. As of April 2024, the company's new energy vehicles had reached 83 countries and territories on six continents, with some models in Thailand, Singapore, Brazil, Israel, etc.
Markets have won the New Energy Car Terminal (NERC) champions. (4) New energy can go out of the sea by car: since September 2022, new energy plants have been announced in Thailand, Uzbekistan, Brazil, Hungary and Indonesia, from production to production.
3.2 Out-of-sea model: Overseas plant plus ship-to-boat accelerated production capacity and product export 3.2.1 Accelerated localized production strategy at overseas vehicle plants
Since September 2022, the company has announced the construction of new energy-borne vehicle factories in Thailand, Uzbekistan, Brazil, Hungary and Indonesia, re-radiating the regions of South-East Asia, Central Asia, the Americas and Europe, where five plants combined planned new energy-based vehicles with an annual excess capacity.
The company’s Uzbek factory has now been deactivated in January 2024, the Thai factory has been inaugurated in July 2024, the Brazilian plant is expected to be completed in 2024h2, and the Indonesian and Hungarian factories are expected to be completed in about 2026. In addition, the company plans to operate in Merci.
The company’s construction of overseas electric bus production bases over the years has accumulated experience in overseas localizing production by vehicle. In 2013, the company built a pure electric bus factory in the United States; in 2015, the company opened a bus in Brazil.
In 2017, the Hungarian Construction Company’s first pure electric bus factory in Europe. The construction of an offshore bus base has built the company’s experience in overseas construction and accelerated the pace at which the company’s cars are not yet home-grown.
Overseas construction is expected to lead to a double increase in the cost-effectiveness and brand influence of companies. On the one hand, the establishment of overseas production bases can reduce transport and tariff costs associated with whole-car exports and the risks associated with tariff and cross-border logistics.
Lower costs will further reduce the company’s production costs. Lower costs will increase value for money or profit space for products, and increase local competitiveness of products.
3.2.2 Active self-built transport fleets accelerate whole-car exports from China, increasing the demand for vehicle rollers by sea. In 2023, China exported 4.40 million vehicles by car, an increase of 63.7 per cent over the same period, becoming the world ' s largest vehicle exporter.
Mostly, maritime transport is the main logistics mode, accounting for more than 90% of vehicle exports. Among these, rolling-on ships are the preferred means of shipping, allowing vehicles to enter and leave directly, with the advantage of large bulk transport, efficient handling, and low transport costs.
In 2023, the cost of rolling out of cars was about eight times higher than in 2020, and the cost of transporting cars increased significantly. As of 2023, the number of rolling ships worldwide stood at more than 700, with less than the total number of rolling ships among the main players in the country.
100, compared to only about 10 ocean-rolling ships. Cars are in short supply, and overseas delivery companies are actively building their own fleets, guaranteeing rapid delivery and expansion of overseas markets, and accelerating full vehicle exports. At the end of 2022, the company ordered six car carriers, with a total investment of $584 million.
Together with chartered ships, the company is expected to operate a fleet of at least eight rolling ships. The company’s first vehicle, the ship “explorerno.1” (Founder One), officially launched in January 2024, will be the first one built by a domestic shipyard dedicated to the export of domestically produced vehicles with a capacity of 7,000.
The fleet will increase the capacity and efficiency of the company and meet the full range of vehicles brought about by the rapid expansion of its overseas operations. 3.3 out of the sea: local selection of local distributors for accelerated channel layout. Out of the sea channel, the company uses mainly the dealer model, in cooperation with overseas local distributors, to achieve local sales.
The company works with large local high-quality distributors in many parts of the country to establish localized distribution systems and services, and to quickly open local distribution networks. It is difficult to open its own shops directly abroad, and companies choose to work with local high-quality distributors who are familiar with local markets and recognized by local consumers, which helps the public.
In addition, companies rely on high-quality local marketing services overseas to provide comprehensive after-sales services to customers, including quality assurance, maintenance, repair, customer care and car networking services, to reduce consumer concerns about buying cars and to enhance consumer experience. Companies have a global presence.
By the beginning of June 2024, more than 260 dealers were operating in Europe, 112 in Thailand, 100 in Brazil, and local distribution networks were expanding rapidly. Companies chose the distributor’s cooperation strategy, with exclusive cooperation avoiding price wars.
In some areas, companies have opted for exclusive cooperation strategies and selected specific distributors as exclusive partners in the local market. For example, in the Thai market, companies have chosen raverautomotive as their exclusive authorized distributor in Thailand, contributing to the harmonization of pricing to avoid price wars, and enhancing trust and brand influence;
In some areas, companies have adopted a diversified strategy of cooperation with a number of local distributor groups, helping to create competition and widen distribution channels. For example, in Brazil, companies have introduced 39 distributor groups to serve their marketing networks. After the introduction of distributors, companies have also supported the training of sales personnel to help distributors.
Increased marketing capacity. At the same time, increasing the number of stores, providing financial programme support, training in localizing marketing and apparel 4 Taking advantage of the New Energy Opportunity Overseas (NAE) to take over many new energy cars South-East Asia, South America, Central and Western Asia, Oceania, Western Europe as a key export region for companies, end registration
The total number of company terminal registrations in South-East Asia, South America, Central and Western Asia, Oceania and Western Europe in 2023 was 99,000, representing 90.9 per cent of total overseas terminal registrations and less than 10 per cent of total terminal registrations in Northern Europe, Eastern Europe, Africa and North America.
Thailand/Brazil/Israel/Australia are the key exporting countries for companies in South-East Asia/South America/West and Central Asia/Oceania, respectively. The share of national terminal registrations in regional terminal registrations in 2023 was Germany and 38.0 per cent in 2023.
New energy markets in South-East Asia, South America, Central and Western Asia, and Oceania started early, and companies entered early, with a huge pre-seafall. New energy sources in South-East Asia/South America/Central and Western Asia/Oceania started later, starting after 2022.
In 2021, the company officially launched a new energy-car-out strategy, with a high prospect of early entry. In South-East Asia, 2024q1 new energy penetration rate of 3.0% was slower than in +0.5 pts, with fewer new energy vehicles being supplied +4.3 pct/+1.8 pts, and the rapid deployment of domestic car companies, both at an accelerated penetration stage.
Declines and new energy developments are in a smooth period. Figure 9: Size of the market for new energy vehicles in the company ' s export-focused region (millions) Figure 8: New energy penetration in the company ' s export-focused region (%)
4.1.1 South-East Asia: The market space is extensive and based on Thai radiation in South-East Asia. 4.1.1 The market in South-East Asia is very large and the new energy market is at an early stage.
Figure 11: New energy penetration in South-East Asia (%)
In 2023, South-East Asia registered 8.304 million solar terminals, or 63.6 per cent; Central-car terminal registered 34.70 million vehicles, or 2.7 per cent, with significant increases in company end registrations in South-East Asia, with 2024q1 end registrations, figure 13: South-East Asia company end registration and market share (thousands; %)
Thailand is the main market for companies in South-East Asia, and Malaysia and Singapore have seen significant increases in terminal registrations. The company’s 2024q1 terminal registration capacity in Thailand is 10,000, with the same/ring ratio +80.0/-19.6 per cent, and the city’s advantage is to further expand its overseas layout.
South-East Asian market a/b/c class terminal registrations are evenly distributed, with Suv-c class car dollars plus 10 million vehicles, or 20.0 per cent; B level terminal registrations are 2.94 million vehicles, or 22.6 per cent; C level terminal + 7,228.53 per cent; multi-month successive terminal registrations won in 2023, continuously leading the Thai pure electric-car market
The seal began to enter the South-East Asian market with a good performance of 2023q3, with a terminal registration of 0.5 million vehicles beyond the dollar plus. Figure 14: South-East Asian end registrations at all levels (millions)
Figure 15: South-East Asia ' s share of cars at all levels in 2023 (%) Main South-East Asian brands are Suzuki/Toyota/Modern Japanese Korean brands, and company dolphins are on the main price of the South-East Asian car market. In 2023, the top five competing cars in South-East Asia were sold in Malaysia.
The price range is 56-215,000 yuan and the company ' s dolphin price is $154,000, which is in the main car price belt; the top five 4.1.2 Thailand actively promotes the electric transformation company ' s pure electric lead in Thailand, where the motor industry is in a period of transformational transformation, with 2022q1 new energy penetration rising rapidly.
The energy market has 2024q1 end registrations of 24,000 vehicles, i.e. 33.3%/-12.5% of the year/ring ratio; and new energy seepages 9.4%, i.e. + 8.4 pts. Markets are growing rapidly as the Thai government increases its support for electric car policy.
The company entered Thailand in August 2022, and Thailand’s terminal registration now accounts for more than 70% of South-East Asia’s end registration, with Thailand at its centre, accelerating the flow of new energy sources to South-East Asia. The company’s 2024q1 terminal registration in Thailand is growing in the energy market and the company’s market is rising rapidly.
Thailand’s solar system is over 80%, and companies focus on the new energy track to avoid competition. Thailand has no indigenous car companies, Suzuki, Toyota, etc., for about 60 years.
In Thailand, where electric transformation is taking place, the solar system is slow, and companies are focusing on new energy paths that avoid competing with mainstream brands in traditional markets. The company leads the Thai new energy car market, with 35.3% sales in 2023, compared to 33.8 ptts.
In 2023, the top five brands of Thailand ' s new energy car market were Biadi/Upper/United New Energy/Texra and the Great Wall, with 3.0/1.3/1.3/0/8/080,000 end registrations, respectively, and the share of new energy in Thailand ' s new energy vehicle market was awarded the 2023 terminal champion.
2024q1, Thailand ' s new energy car market, with a total of 19 brands of 85 new energy vehicles, with a fleet of RMB/Dolphin/Pals/Pals 3 pure electric vehicles on the Thai market and a terminal registration of 1.9/0.9 per 18,000 vehicles in 2023, or 22.3 per cent/10.9 per cent of 2.1 per cent, entered Thailand ' s new energy vehicle in 2023.
Thailand’s best-selling model, which is dominated by Japanese cars, and the company’s profit from its product power, Plus. In 2023, Thailand’s top five car-type start-up price range was $109,000—191,000, while the company’s dolphin and seal sales price were $138,000/$265,000, respectively; the top four suv start-up price range was $194–277 million, and the company’s four largest suv model was $194–277 million.
Surrounded, in 2023 there were 19,000 terminal registrations, ranked fifth in Thailand’s suv market. 4.1.3 Thailand’s plant will be launched this year on the basis of Thai radiation in South-East Asia, and Thailand is actively promoting the transformation of “electricity” with the introduction of “ev3.5” electric car incentives. Thailand is East.
The largest automobile market of the Alliance and the South-East Asian Automotive Centre, with a complete chain of auto industry, have also been active in promoting car electricization. The Thai government has introduced “ev3.5” electric car incentives for four years (2024-2027), aimed at promoting the continued expansion of the electric car industry and promoting Thailand as a country that is a country that has become a country with a strong motor vehicle industry.
The region's leading electric vehicle production base, achieving the "30@30" policy goal of zero-emission automobile production by at least 30% of the country's total vehicle production by 2030. Policy-driven, Thailand's new energy marketing and manufacturing market has seized the policy opportunity to build a plant in Thailand, which is expected to be operational in the second half of the year.
The country’s wha Weihua Industrial Park, which invests 17,890 million baht (approximately 3.4 billion yuan) in the construction of the company’s first overseas car factory, was officially launched on 4 July 2024, with an annual capacity of 150,000 vehicles. The cars produced will be placed on Thailand’s local market, while radiation will be seen in the immediate vicinity of ASEAN countries and elsewhere.
Three Chinese automobile companies, the Great Wall, the Greate Wall, and the Upper Cars, have started to produce electric cars in Thailand, the company and the Volkswagen, will start production in 2024q3 or q4 and the Changan Car Scheme will start production in early 2025. The company’s factory in Indonesia is also in the process of being built, and is expected to start production in 2026h1. In January 2024, the company announced that it would do so.
In Indonesia, investment in a car factory was made; in April 2024, the site of the plant was identified. The factory in Indonesia was the company’s second passenger car factory in South-East Asia, which was expected to become operational at 2026h1, with an annual capacity of 150,000.
The countries of South-East Asia have a general trade protection policy, with high tariffs on non-ASEAN car imports, with Thailand having a maximum tariff of 40%, but within ASEAN it is generally between 0 and 5%. Thailand is one of the South-East Asian member countries, and companies can better radiate to other countries in South-East Asia by producing new energy vehicles through the construction of plants in South-East Asia.
South-East Asia Markets: New energy markets start at the beginning, with the largest share of companies in the region. South-East Asia markets are large, new energy markets are in the early stages, and most countries are actively promoting new energy developments and introducing new energy tax incentives.
The company seizes the policy opportunity to focus on new energy paths to avoid mainstream competition, taps South-East Asian markets, such as the dollar plus and dolphins, while actively promoting car factories in Thailand and Indonesia. Thailand is the majority of the corporate markets in South-East Asia, and Malaysia and Singapore have seen significant increases in terminal registrations.
In July 2024, Thailand’s factory became operational, and it is expected that the company will focus on Thailand to speed up new energy opportunities in South-East Asia. The company’s space forecast for South-East Asia:
Toyota's global expansion has seen the company go out of the sea. Toyota is Japan's leading car company, with 40.2% in 1971. Toyota seized two oil crisis opportunities in the 1970s.
In 2023, Toyota’s global sales volume was 1,1233,000, ranking first among the world’s car companies, of which the foreign market accounted for over 80%. Toyota compares to Toyota’s home-grown new energy car leader, which in 2023 sold a total of 3,033,000 new energy by car, won the global new energy car market.
New energy automobiles account for 33.5%, and exports 8.1%, of the total. Since 2021, companies have launched a vehicle drive out of the sea, seizing the opportunity of a new global energy transformation, opening overseas markets with the advantage of leading new energy technologies and value for money, while promoting local expansion of important overseas markets.
The leading firms in the field of origin automobiles and fuel cars, both opening up overseas markets on the basis of their comparative advantage, are based on the current market position of the Toyota Group, which estimates the forward market share of each of the company ' s export regions, thus measuring the company ' s future out-of-country expectations on the basis of the Toyota market share. (1) Japan and India: low expectations, South-East Asia Japan and South-East Asia.
South-East Asia (excavated from Japan and South-East Asia): assuming that Biadi eventually achieved 100 per cent of Toyota South-East Asia (excluded from Japan and South-South Asia) market, taking into account the strength of production, it is assumed that Biadi will end up with 100 per cent of Toyota.
4.2 South America: The firm leads Brazil in the deepening localization and expansion of the new energy vehicle market. 4.2.1 The growth of the South American new energy start-up company is evident. The new energy market in South America is in its initial stages but at a faster pace.
Figure 21: New energy penetration in South America (%): South American market size and acceleration (millions; %)
Growth. In 2024q1, the number of brand terminals registered was 48,000, or 7.5 per cent; in 2023, the number of South American companies registered at the end and the market share (in thousands; per cent) Brazil was the main market for companies in South America, with regional terminals registered at over 80 per cent in 2023.
2024q1 terminal registrations 15,000, corresponding/ring ratio +2,700.9 per cent/+26.5 per cent, city rate 3.2 per cent, region South American markets dominated by class B and class C vehicles, which accounted for more than 60 per cent of total terminal registrations, and class B dolphins and suv-d class SONGPRUS were company-owned vehicles. In 2023, South American markets registered level B terminal registrations.
848,000 vehicles, or 29.1 per cent; class C terminals, or 31.3 per cent, were registered with 911,000 vehicles, with Songpus and dolphins as the company ' s main vehicles in South America, showing a bright view. The company Somplus 2024q1 terminal was registered with 05,000 vehicles, or +1,171.5 per cent/+8.1 per cent; and in 2023, with 0.8 million vehicles, in August.
Brazil’s best-selled plug-in hybrid. The company dolphins registered 0.5 million vehicles at the end of 2024q1, corresponding to +8,930.0 per cent; in 2023, they registered 0.7 million vehicles at the end of 2023, corresponding to +8,492.7 per cent, the best-selling electric car.
The first five cars in the Americas cost RMB 11.8-153,000 in Brazil and the company dolphin 202,000 in Brazil, and the seal up to RMB 40 million in the first five cars; the first five suv in Brazil cost RMB 162,000-243,000 in the first, and the company Songpus and yuan plus in the same amount.
In South America, and in Brazil in particular, the Division priced much more than in the mainstream local price belts and other regions of the same product, positioning higher end and selling faster than selling, demonstrating product strength. 4.2.2 The rapid rise of the Brazilian energy market is dominated by strong firms
Brazil’s new energy market is rising rapidly. Brazil’s new energy market, 2024q1, has 17,000 terminal registrations, corresponding/ring ratio + 1,395.5 per cent/+34.1 per cent, with a penetration rate of 3.7 per cent; 20 million total end registrations in 2023, and the development space and growth of the new Western energy market is significant.
Figure 26: Size and acceleration of the new energy market in Brazil (millions; %) Entered Brazil by car market in December 2021 to catch up with Brazil ' s new energy vehicle development, and the company started at speed. The company ' s 2024q1 terminal registration was 15,000, corresponding/ring ratio +2,700.9%/+26.5%, city
Figure 28: Brazilian market company end registration and speed of increase (millions; %) Figure 29: Brazilian market company end registration and market share (thousands; %)
In 2023, the top three brands of Brazil ' s new energy car market were companies/bMW/Congregation, with an end-registration score of 1.7/0.1/0.18 million vehicles, with a new energy share of 85.5 per cent/4.1 per cent/3.8 per cent, respectively, and a company with an end-registration of 15,000 vehicles, close to a year-round registration in 2023, continuously dominates Brazil ' s new energy market.
The Brazilian market for new energy vehicles is less competitive, with Songpus and dolphins selling hot in Brazil. As of 2024q1, there were 11 brands of 26 new energy vehicles in Brazil ' s new energy car market, with less competition in the new energy market, with companies investing eight models in Brazil ' s market, half of which were in the top ten finals.
Plus/ SEALs accounted for the fourth highest number of new energy vehicle end registrations in Brazil in 2023, while in 2023 the number of end registrations was 0.8/0.7/1.3/10,000, or 37.9 per cent, 33.6 per cent/66 per cent/5.1 per cent. 4.2.3 The Brazilian market has been radiated in Latin America for almost a decade.
The company entered the Brazilian market with cars in 2015 and invested in the construction of electric bus chassis and photovoltaic components plants in 2015 and 2017, respectively. The cultivation of the past decade has allowed the company to deal with local policy regulations, customs, the size of the car market, and its elimination.
There is a deep awareness and understanding of the user's car habits, and it's the first step in opening up the new Brazilian energy-borne car market, and the company's construction of a new energy-borne car factory in Brazil is expected to start at 2024h2. 2023\pmph, \text{month}, it is announced that a large production base complex consisting of three factories will be built in Brazil, including a major battalion electric bus and a bus.
The truck chassis production plant, a new energy truck-to-car-to-car production plant, and a processing plant specializing in materials for iron phosphate lithium batteries. Brazil’s production complex is expected to be in operation at 2024h2, with a full annual capacity of 150,000 new energy vehicles, and the cars produced will be dropped in Brazil, while irradiating the Latin American region.
In 2024, a car-to-car factory, invested in Brazil, began its own production, and the company is expected to use Brazil as its core, with high tariffs and additional taxes, so that the construction of the plant can reduce the tax burden and further increase the value of the product. In this case, a 20% tariff, a 25% maritime surcharge, customs clearance, etc., is required for the export of purely electric cars to Brazil.
Use. A company building a plant in Brazil can reduce the tax burden and cost, and is expected to further improve the value-for-product ratio and the forecast of South American voyages by the firm 4.2.4 Plus. South American markets: new energy markets start fast, companies deepen localization and expansion. New energy markets in South America.
Brazil is the main market for companies in South America, where firm strength dominates the new energy car market in Brazil, with sales exceeding 80% of the 2023 market. B-class dolphins and suv-d-class Somplus are best-selling in Brazil, with high-end locations, showing the company’s productivity.
In 2015, the company entered the Brazilian commercial car market, and for almost a decade, the Brazilian car factory is expected to start production in 2024h2, which will further reduce costs, increase the value of the product and open the profit margin. As the Brazilian factory becomes operational, the company is expected to open the South American market with Brazil at its core.
The company’s South American seaboard forecast is that the South American market is not home-grown and powerful, that the end market is more receptive to non-brands, and that, given Biadi’s product strength, there are optimistic expectations based on Toyota’s presence, assuming that the company eventually reaches 150 per cent of Toyota’s share.
4.3 Oceania: The accelerated penetration of new energy sources into Australia is significant. 4.3.1 Oceania ' s accelerated penetration of new energy sources into Australia is the main market, with a ratio/ring ratio of +10.3 per cent/-6.0 per cent; the market size in 2023 was 1.58 million vehicles, compared to 11.3 per cent in 2023.
Figure 30: Size and acceleration of the market in Oceania (millions; %) Figure 31: New energy penetration in Oceania (%)  Oceania market size (million; lhs)
Oceania’s solar system is dominated by a gradual increase in the median ratio and a slower growth in the number of companies. In 2023, Oceania’s daily fleet registered 599,000 vehicles, or 47.6 per cent; Central’s fleet registered 126,000 vehicles, or 33: Oceania’s company’s end registration and market share (thousands; %)
By country, Australia and New Zealand are both popular. The company 2024q1 has a total of 12,000 vehicles in Australia, i.e. +488.6 per cent of the year, with a 1.1 per cent share of the city, and Australia’s zero duty on Chinese automobile imports has been very beneficial to the company’s large-scale export of new energy vehicles.
In 2023, the market in Oceania favoured medium-sized large vehicles, with 60 per cent of class C and level D vehicles, and Suv-c-class vehicles, with a fleet of seals in the company ' s main vehicle type. In 2023, the market in Oceania registered 406,000 class C vehicles, or 32.3 per cent of the total; and level D vehicles, 348,000 vehicles, or 27.7 per cent of the total, registered.
In 2023, 10,000 vehicles were registered in 2023, or +422.6 per cent; seals began to be placed in Australia in 2023q4, with a wide range of best-selling model prices, with some company model pricing close to demonstration value ratios in South-East Asia.
In 2023, the top five saloon models in Oceania were $91-264,000 in Australia at the start-up price range, with a larger price range of $177,000 for the company dolphin and $330,000 for the seal to locate different markets; the top five suv models were $11 million-508,000 in Australia at the start-up price range, with the company's plus selling price
216,000 dollars, close to the South-East Asian market pricing (198,000 dollars), has a value for money on the Oceania market. 4.3.2 Australian Automotive Zero Tariffs has a rapid start-up of 23,000 new energy terminal registrations, year/ring ratio + 54.1 per cent/+21.3 per cent, penetration rate 8.0 per cent; 2023
While Australia ' s new energy-related legislation has been slow to advance and its new energy availability low, its government is now pushing for a transformation into a pure tram and a promising market to achieve greenhouse gas emission reduction targets.
Figure 36: Size and acceleration of Australia ' s new energy market (millions; %) Figure 37: New energy penetration in Australia (%)
Australia’s zero-tariff policy on Chinese car imports has greatly facilitated the large-scale export of new energy vehicles by companies, which ranked second in Australia’s new energy market, with a rapid increase in their share after Tesla in 2023.
The top three brands of Australia ' s new energy car market were Tesla/Corporate/Modern-Keia, with end registration of 4.6 per 1/2 0.000 vehicles, 59.6 per cent/16.1 per cent/4.9 per cent of new energy sources, and 10.5 + 8.5 per cent of the same, plus Plaus entering Australia to heat the top three new energy vehicles. As of 2024q1, Australia
The new energy car market has a total of 15 brands of 40 new energy vehicles, and the company has placed on the Australian market three pure electric vehicles of the dollar plus/Dolphin/Dolphins, of which the dollar plus and dolphins entered Australia in 2023 at the top ten end registrations of 1.1/10 million, or 9.6/0.0 per cent, respectively.
The Australian Government has introduced a number of new energy vehicle and charging network construction subsidies to promote electrodynamic transformation. With regard to grid charging, the federal government plans to accelerate nation-wide grid construction through a $250 million future fuel fund; in 2023, Australia built 397 new auto charging stations and 755 recharge stations.
The next fuel “Strategic” plan is to reduce carbon emissions by 30% by 2030. At the same time, Australian governments have introduced preferential subsidies to promote the purchase of new energy vehicles by consumers. In addition, Australia exempts electric cars from a 5% duty on imports.
Oceania Market: Accelerating New Energy Infiltration, Australia ' s Space at Zero Tariffs. The New Energy Service in Oceania is in the accelerated penetration phase, with Australia as the company ' s main market in Oceania, with over 90% of Oceania ' s market size and space. Australia has a number of policies to subsidize the construction of new energy vehicles and recharge networks.
Cars are exempt from a 5% import duty, and companies use zero-tariff policies to push Australia, close to South-East Asia, and show value for money. The company is second in the new Australian energy market, its share is rising rapidly, and the dollar plus is entering Australia to heat up the top three of the new energy vehicle model.
The company’s ocean space forecast: Australia’s overall tariff policy is friendly and supported by new energy policies. Assuming that the company ends up with 100% of Toyota Oceania.
4.4 Western and Central Asia: Exporting key market dollar plus won the Israeli sales champions at 4.4.1 West and Central Asia, where market size is volatile and new energy penetration accelerates. West and Central Asia, where market size is 2024q1
Energy penetration rate of 4.1 per cent, compared to +2.3 pts. The market for new energy vehicles is at an accelerated penetration stage. Figure 41: New energy penetration in Western and Central Asia (%) Figure 40: Size and acceleration of the market in Western and Central Asia (thousand vehicles; %)
In mid-West Asia in 2023, 279,000 or 11.3 per cent of the total number of terminals were registered, with companies performing well in Israel as compared to sub-regions. 2024q1 end-registrations were 0.7 million, with 5.8 per cent of the comparable/ring city rate.
Table 31: Central and West Asian companies exporting countries (one)
In 2023, the market for Western and Central Asia registered 1,183,000 class C terminals, or 47.9 per cent of the total, 23,000 vehicles per year, or +7,228.53 per cent of the total. Toyota and modernity dominated the best-selling model in Western and Central Asia, with a rapid increase in the company ' s flats.
Toyota, the top five cars in Central and Western Asia, accounted for three of the top five cars, modern and two of the top five suv models, and the best-selling model, which is dominated by Toyota and modern Japanese Korean brands. In 2023, the company dollar plus registered 15,000 vehicles at the end of Central and Western Asia, with a market rate of 0.6 per cent, was better sold.
4.4.2 Israel actively embraces New Energy Dollar Plus sales first beyond fuel trucks, Israel actively embraces new energy sources, and the registration of pure electric terminals is increasing rapidly. The Israeli new energy market 2024q1 end-registration is 19,000 vehicles, corresponding/ring ratio + 17.4 per cent/+215.6 per cent, and the penetration rate of new energy sources is 22.3 per cent;
The only developed country in the region, Israel, is dependent on pure imports, and the government is actively promoting a new energy transformation. In terms of policy, there will be a total ban on the import and sale of gasoline and diesel cars from 2030, with active subsidies for the construction of new power charging stations; in terms of tax revenue, in 2023, the purchase tax for conventional fuel/power-plugged cars/pure cars will be respectively.
Eighty-three per cent/40-60/20 per cent, with a net electricity tax burden much lower than that of other vehicles. New Israeli energy terminals are projected. Figure 46: Size and rate of growth of new Israeli energy markets (millions; %) Israel is a major market for new corporate energy sources to the sea and is gaining momentum.
+4.4 pts. Israel is an important market in the company ' s strategy of going out to the sea, and the company also accounts for over 30% of Israel ' s electric car market, with significant potential for future growth. Figure 48: Israel ' s market company end registration and acceleration (millions; %)
Figure 49: Israeli market company end registration and market share (millions; %) The company led the Israeli new energy car market, with 32.1% sales in 2023 and +19.6 pts. In 2023, the top five brands of Israel ' s new energy car market were companies/Gili/Texra/upper/modern, respectively
-Keia, with 1.5/0.7/0.6/0.6/0.02.000 end registrations and 37.2% of new energy sources, continued to lead the Israeli new energy vehicle market.
The new energy car market, with a total of 22 brands of 71 new energy vehicles, was highly competitive, with a total of 5 vehicles in the Israeli market, with an advantage vehicle size plus Israeli passenger vehicle market terminal registration of 14,000 vehicles in 2023, representing 30.6 per cent of the new energy market and 5.4 per cent of the passenger vehicle market;
The 2024q1 terminal registered 0.6 million vehicles, representing 29.0 per cent of the new energy market and 6.5 per cent of the passenger vehicle market.4.3 The Central Asian Uzbek factory has been put into operation, the company has accelerated the deployment of the Uzbek factory in the central West Asia region, the company has completed the production of its first vehicle, and the company has accelerated the deployment of the central West Asia region.
In December 2022, the company announced the establishment of a joint venture with uzauto “the company's plant in Uzbekistan” for the production of new energy vehicles and related spare parts. The plant was built in three stages, with the first vehicle (Son plusdm-i) being put down in January 2024, with an annual capacity of 500,000 vehicles planned for 2027. Uzbekistan is Central Asia.
The most populous country in the region, with abundant mineral resources and diversified renewable energy, has a better chain of automobiles, and uzauto is the State-owned motorist group in Uzbekistan, the largest and only automobile manufacturer in Central Asia with a complete car industry and a vast local and inter-regional distribution network.
With the production of plants in Uzbekistan, it is expected that the company will accelerate the forecast of mid-west Asia's mid-west Asia off-shore by the company 4.4.4 + Central West Asia market: the dollar plus won the Israeli sales championship and the plant in Uzbekistan started operating.
New energy penetration in Central Asia is accelerating, competition patterns are fragmented, and the share of the solar system in the US has declined, rising. Israel is the dominant market for companies in Central Asia, with cars dependent on pure imports, and the government is actively promoting a new energy transformation, with a total ban on the import and sale of gasoline and diesel cars starting in 2030.
In January 2024, the company’s plant in Uzbekistan reached the end of production, and it is expected that the company will accelerate its deployment in the central West Asia region.
The company ' s mid-west Asia seaboard forecast: no indigenous powerful car company in central West Asia, high brand acceptance, taking into account the excellent product performance of Bi-Adi in Central-West Asia, assumes that the company will eventually achieve 4.5 Western Europe, where the city of Toyota has a high share: accelerated local production with high levels of new energy penetration and trade friction
4.5.1 Dispersal distribution of companies with high energy penetration rates: Western European market size and rate of increase (millions; %) Figure 51: New energy penetration in Western Europe (%)
Western Europe is dominated by cars and the size of the corporate market is gradually increasing. In 2023, Western Europe is the region with a terminal registration of 0.6 million vehicles, i.e. a comparison/ring ratio of 904.2 per cent/+45.2 per cent, with a city rate of 0.2 per cent; and in 2023, with a gradual advance in smart technology, there has been an increase in end registration in Western Europe.
Figure 52: Proportion of cars in Western Europe (%): Western European company end registration and market share (millions; %)
308 vehicles, corresponding/ring ratio +422.0 per cent/-72.8 per cent; 0.4 million terminals registered in 2023, or 0.1 per cent of the city, in the Netherlands, 2024q1 terminals registered 550 vehicles, or 0.5 per cent of the same/ring ratio +93.0/+31.9 per cent of the city; 0.1 million terminals registered in 2023, or 0.3 per cent of the city.
The Western European market is dominated by category C vehicles, supported by class B and level D vehicles, with the sumpus of the public utility, the dolphins and seals of the class B and level D vehicles starting fast. In 2023, the end-of-cycle registration in the Western European market was 4.856,000, or 44.3 per cent, and the end-of-cycle registration in class B vehicles was 2,579,000, or 23.5 per cent.
Annual terminal registration of 0.9 million vehicles, corresponding to +5176.8 per cent of the year, a total of 0.1 million dolphins, 2024q1 end registrations, a range of policy measures to strengthen support for clean energy transformation, and a gradual increase in new energy demand in European countries.
Figure 54: Vehicle terminal registrations at all levels in Western Europe (millions) 4.5.2 Accelerating European Channel Distribution
The company announced that it would invest billions of euros in the construction of the first new European energy-borne car factory in Hungary, which is expected to be completed within three years. Hungary, located in the heart of the continent, is an important European traffic hub, and the construction of a factory in Hungary is conducive to accelerating the company’s penetration into other European countries.
The EU proposes to impose temporary tariffs on companies, with companies facing trade friction problems. The EU proposes to impose a temporary tariff on companies of 17.4%, plus a tariff of up to 27.4% of the previous 10%, raising the cost of European tariffs on company automobile exports, making further breakthroughs more difficult.
Western Europe: New energy markets are entering a smooth period, companies are facing trade friction problems, accelerated pipeline layout and localized production. Western European markets have high energy penetration rates, dominated by German cars. The company has entered 20 European countries, Germany being the main exporter in Europe.
But the company faces trade friction problems in Europe, and the EU proposes to impose a temporary tariff on the company of 17.4%, which is expected to be more difficult in Western Europe in the short term because of increased tariff costs.
It is hoped that some of the trade restrictions will be circumvented and Western European markets further expanded. The company’s Western Europe seaboard forecast is that, given the high competitive pressures in Western Europe, toning down to Toyota’s share, it is assumed that the company will eventually achieve 80% of Toyota’s share.
4.6 Other regions: Market-sized and market-based firms face trade frictions in the short term. 4.6.1 The Nordic & Eastern Europe face trade frictions. The outlook for Russia is considerable. The EU proposes to impose temporary tariffs on companies and trade friction problems on companies. The EU proposes to add 17.4 per cent on companies.
Temporary tariffs, coupled with the previous 10 per cent, would be as high as 27.4 per cent, and it is expected that companies, as in the Western European region, will find it more difficult in the short term to make further breakthroughs due to the increase in tariff costs and, in the long run, with the construction of Hungarian factories, are expected to circumvent some of the trade restrictions and further expand the European market.
The Russian Federation has seen a rapid rise in the Chinese sector, and the company’s prospects in Russia are considerable. Toyota, affected by the Russian-Turkish conflict, announced his exit from the Russian market in September 2022; the Russian market in 2023, which accounted for 48.9% of the total, and the same amount as +30.9 pts. It is expected that the Chinese car’s share in the Russian market will increase further, and the company’s sales in Russia will increase.
The company's Nordic & Eastern European seaboard forecast: (1) Russia: due to the Russian-Turkish conflict, most foreign firms have withdrawn from the Russian market, and autonomous car companies have been recognized to be able to fill the market gap. In 2023, the share of autonomous cars in Russia rose significantly, to 48.9% compared to 30.9 ptts.
However, potential market space still exists, and there is still room for further upgrading, assuming that the company will eventually have a market share of 25.0 per cent in Russia; (2) Nordic & Eastern Europe (exclusion of Russia): based on toyota’s share, a sub-optimal expectation is that the toyota & Eastern Europe (exclusion of Russia) will eventually have 80 per cent of toyota’s share.
4.6.2 North America has higher overall barriers, the United States market has more difficulty in accessing North America, and the United States market companies have more difficulty in accessing North America. North America has higher overall tariffs, which are more difficult to break through in the short term; companies are considering building plants in Mexico, with a long-term prospect of penetration into the North American region. The United States has announced that it will.
Tariffs on electric cars in China have been raised from 25% to 100%, making it difficult for United States market companies to enter. Companies in Africa & North America are projected to go out to sea: (1) United States: assume a market share of 0% in the United States; (2) Africa & North America (exclude the United States): assume that companies will end up in Toyota Africa & North America (excuse the United States)
A total of 49.18 million vehicles are expected to be out of the sea in the future. 37.14 million vehicles in the priority export area of the company: Toyota City coverage by reference and expected to reach local Toyota market coverage by the company in South-East Asia (excavated by Japan and Korea)/South America/Oceania/Western and Central Asia/Western Europe, respectively
12.24 million in other regions: reference to Toyota, the company sales in Northern & Eastern Europe (exclusion of Russia) / Africa & North America (exclusion of the United States) are expected to reach 80/90 per cent of local Toyota, respectively, corresponding to 10.2/11.9 per cent of corporate markets.
Corporate Africa & North America (excluding United States) 11.9% = 0.9 * Toyota Africa & North America (excluding United States) (13.2 %) 5.1 Prospective Profit Scenarios and Break Operations
The domestic base plate market shares are solid, high-end models are being rolled out faster, overseas sales are growing rapidly, and, at the same time, high-end vehicle-type upscaling, scale effects and subsequent profitability are expected to increase. We anticipate 2024 - cellular components and assembly operations: mainly consumer electronics and new smart products (unmanned, intelligent homes, etc.)
The company will continue to deepen its strategic collaboration with large clients, increase its share of the core products of large overseas clients and develop new product structures; in the new smart product business, the company will actively improve the ai server and its infrastructure.
His high-growth track layout, drones, smart homes, games hardware, etc., has continued to develop steadily. My company, for its own new energy, has been able to use the same car as the company’s long-sleeved car, the car, the car, the Gilly, and the Wall, to compare it to the company’s valuation.
We believe that companies, as champions of new and autonomous energy sources, lead the way in new energy by strengthening their national leadership of 200,000 yuan on dm-i 5.0 technology plus cost advantages, with greater scale effects and higher profits; and that they are on top of high-end, export opportunities, high-tech, high-powered, high-profile, high-looking, square-range leopards.
As one of China’s vehicle companies, China’s company, China’s representatives, has been able to increase their exports and overseas sales rapidly since 2021, when the company launched its strategy of travelling by car. In 2023, the company exported 243,000 vehicles and sold 243,000 them in bulk.
In our view, the company’s advantages in going to the sea include: 1) the dual increase in cost-effectiveness and brand influence that overseas construction will bring, while evading some of the trade friction restrictions. Since September 2022, the company has announced the construction of new energy-borne car factories in five countries abroad, adding up to the cost-effectiveness and brand impact.
The company ' s plants in Uzbekistan and Thailand are now operational in January 2024 and July 2024, respectively, and the Indonesian and Hungarian plants are expected to be operational in about 2026; combined planning for self-built transport fleets will reduce transport costs, guarantee rapid delivery and expansion of overseas markets and accelerate consolidation.
Car exports. The company is expected to operate a fleet of at least eight rollers. The own fleet will improve the company’s transport and transport efficiency and meet the entire cross-border transport needs of its rapidly expanding overseas operations. 3) The company selects a cooperative marketing strategy, depending on the local context, to achieve a rapid expansion of its local distribution network.
Through these channels, companies work with local distributors abroad to achieve a local distribution network that provides comprehensive after-sale services to customers, including quality assurance, maintenance, repair, customer care and car-networking services, reduces consumer concerns and enhances consumer traffic experience.
The company focuses on South-East Asia/South America/West and Central Asia/Oceania/Western Europe region. The company is expected to have a long-term global outlet of 4,918 million vehicles. Of these, the company focuses on the export area of 3,714,000 vehicles, with the company expected to have a separate market share in South-East Asia/South America/Oceania/Western and Central Asia/Western Europe.
In the short term, the company is approaching the year of the dm-i5.0+ high-end product cycle, the demand for new cars, and the expected volume of sales; in the long run, public and private.
With the rapid deployment of overseas plants, the intellectual investment in R & D and the growth, we see that the company's growth is driven by technology, and by globalization, accelerated high-end growth and a resonance of growth, both within and outside the country. Keeping the profit forecast, 1) Downward risks in the car market: the automobile industry is cyclical and continuing downs could lead to the loss of the car market.
Weaknesses, coupled with increased competition in the automotive sector, are expected to bring risks; 2) New car types are sold and demand is not as high as expected: consumer demand changes over time and in the market environment. If companies fail to accurately predict changes in consumer demand or to adjust product strategies in a timely manner
(c) The risk of increased competition in the automotive sector, particularly in electric vehicles, facing increased competition in the industry, leading to difficulties and risks for the profitability of new energy vehicles;
4) The pace of sea travel has fallen short of expectations: exports are at risk of tariff, currency exchange, and maritime cost fluctuations, which may increase the cost of company cars in overseas markets, thus affecting their competitiveness. Moreover, as the global trade situation changes, some countries may introduce anti-dumping and countervailing policies against Chinese cars, resulting in less than expected rates.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.