Dm-i5.0 The New Age’s premiere pattern was optimized on July 02, 2024.
The core growth of the \triangleright total is driven by the decline of the market below $200,000, its size into a core competitive advantage, the booming industry; the market above $200,000, the loss of the joint venture brand premium, and its own acceleration. We look to Biadi.
1) Scalation: as a leader in the industry, with a cost advantage of dm-i5.0 technology plus the strength of 200,000 yuan in the country, the scale effect has increased; 2) high-end: high-tech, ups and ups and downs; 3) globalization, high export sales and accelerated global manufacturing; 4) smartness: sustained R & D investment
Enter, speed up the pilot. We're looking at the size of the company, globalization, high-end, intelligence, multiple upwards. This report is the Biadi depth report series I, focusing on the dm-i5.0 technology-driven scale. 2024 opens a strong product cycle, strengthens cost advantages and perfects the product matrix.
\triangleright and exports are still in the process of being nurtured, with the model of the chassis being changed. In 2024, the company started a high-yield weekly period. 1) The rhythm is: from February to March, the glory page is rejuvenated, with emphasis on cost advantages, and more initiative is offered at a price.
Market share captures; new technology dm-i5.0 was released at the end of May to strengthen the company ' s technical leadership in the field of mixing; (2) product thinking suggests that companies, on the one hand, strengthen the new energy cost advantage and price more aggressive; and, on the other hand, that the ocean advantage model of the dynasty replicates one another, fills the gap market and perfects the product matrix.
For the $200,000 joint car market, the prices of Qinplus and Handm-i have been further explored, close to the lowest price of the joint venture fuel competition; Qinl and SEAL06 have filled in the parking space of the class B sedan; and 11 in the series of self-governing suv 1. Biadi (002594.sz) for $200,000 and the following: dm-
Market, SONG PRO/SONGPUSDM-i prices are explored, Laping is the price difference between A-level autonomous suv prices; Yuan up, Songl, Sea Lion 07ev are on the market to explore and improve the line of pure electricity suv products. 2. Biadi (002594.sz) series evaluation XI: sales
On May 28, the company released dm-i5.0 technology, dm-i5.0 with 46.06% engine heat efficiency, 2.9l00 km 3.Biadi (002594.sz) series evaluation X: fuel consumption 2.
Loss of electricity, 2,100 km of combined re-entry, increased consumption of fuel in response to the consumer’s core pain, reinforced the logic of pattern optimization in the 0-era, strengthened the consumer’s mind by 2024/05/, and strengthened the consumer’s sense of being a leader in the field of mixing.
4. Biadi (002594.sz) series rating nine: Dynasty sea level increase with a Dm-i 5.0 car price increase expected to boost the profits of the bicycle. Companies have a strong landing capacity plus high end, export pull profits plus reduced amortization pressure, scale effect +dm-i5.0 technology upgrades.
Investment Recommendations: We look forward to continued upwards in corporate technology-driven product and brand power, accelerating the journey to sea as the world's leading new energy company, scale, globalization, bureauatization, intelligent resonance, and sustaining profit projections.
\triangleright, based on the \mcHurvey Research Framework, we believe that in the transformation of auto-smart electric power, autonomous car companies are expected to achieve an upturn in city ownership and branding in China and overseas markets, with the core observation indicators being car revenue and profits.
The expansion, car collection = average price * single-car sales * determined by the combined R & D capabilities, product strength, brand power of the car company; profit of the car = number of single-car sales * single-car profits * determined by the combined branding, cost control capabilities of the vehicle company.
The value of the whole vehicle is determined by the short-term revenue of the vehicle, the growth of the profit (further depending on the product cycle, share, profit upwards) and further by the strength and weakness of the product cycle; and by the level of intellectualization of the vehicle company over the long term (soft fee to change the business model).
In 2024, at the end of the volume, new energy sources increased their contribution to the sea, with a small increase in wholesale and upfront sales expected;
1) Short-term vehicle revenue is determined by three factors: number of vehicles (platformization, R & D strength), volume of model sales (competitive capacity of car companies), average price per vehicle (brand power of vehicles), level of intelligence of medium- and long-term car enterprises determines software income
Biadi, as a new energy leader in the country, has an absolute premium on valuations through forward-winding electrodynamic technology and building cost advantages through scalding, technological advantages, etc., as an absolute leader in the field of mixing. The year 2024 was a year of corporate full-scale energy, with a focus on size, high-end, globalization, intelligence:
1) Scaled up: dm-i5.0 technologies started the two-year fuel consumption era, with enhanced scale effects. Companies reduced the cost of whole cars through technological advantages and the advantages of the entire industry chain, taking advantage of the market at a proactive price; the glory edition was launched in February-March, with remarkable results, with the company issuing dm-i 5.0 technologies and new vehicles at the end of May
Qinl, SEAL 06, which strengthens the technological lead in the field of mixing, increased the confidence of 4 million sales in 2024, accompanied by technological upgrading, higher sales, and a further increase in the scale effect expected from dm-i5.0. 2) High end: high end product year, sales and profits.
In 2024, high-end products from Biadi were produced, with turbo cars, flagship cars (projected at 2024q3), large family suv (projected at 2024q4), and priority vehicles such as u7, equation leopards 3/8 (projected at 2024q3), with a price of more than 10,000 dollars and a market space of about 2.6 million fuel tankers with large profit margins.
3) Globalization: 2024 increases overseas deployments to contribute to profits. +176.7% of companies will increase their overseas market inputs, Brazil, Uzbekistan, Hungary, Indonesia, and at the same time accelerate their exports, which we judge are expected to grow rapidly in Europe, South-East Asia, and Australia.
High sales and sea travel are expected to boost profits. 4) Smartness: accelerated landing with the first smart network car access and access pilot. On 4 June, the four departments jointly announced the " Access to and access to smart network cars " pilot consortium.
This information, which is intended to support the road access and mass arrival of auto-drive cars at level 1.3, is selected as the country’s first pilot list of smart network cars to access and access. With a huge sales base, the accumulation of intellectually capable technologies and the intensive use of new models, companies are expected to accelerate their progress in the second half of the smart competition.
In the long term, the company’s overseas construction has accelerated, with domestic and foreign growth resonant. This is part of the Biadi series of in-depth reports, which will focus on technology-driven city growth and the new product cycle brought about by dm-i5.0, and will analyse in detail the company’s product thinking and tactics, the logic of optimized market patterns, and profit determination.
22024 Automotive industry: pursuing certainty > profits > other joint venture brands for price swaps in 2023, discount magnification in 2024 is slower than in 2023, joint venture brand premiums are reduced, “price wars” are limited, and an accelerated increase in autonomous penetration is expected.
In 2024, at the end of the volume, new sources of energy + the sea continued to drive growth, structural at the end, with the following characteristics: 1) price competition continues to be intense and self-paced to accelerate the phase-out of jointly financed fuels;
2) The risk penetration rate of the new energy week has passed by 50%, the industry has gradually begun to move to the liquidation phase, with the leading vehicle sales and profit certainty increasing; 3) fuel vehicle profits have fallen and high end exports have had a significant impact on profits, from the 2024q1 performance table
Now that the net profits of the 2024q1 car have increased, with the higher end of the benefits, exports, and so on, Biadi, Cyrus, the Wall, and so on, we've judged this year's automobile business: other factors of volume > profit > , with certainty as the first priority.
Cost-control capacity. The market size of about 6 million vehicles, which represents nearly 28% of the country’s share of the market, is the main price segment for first-time car purchases, from the demand point of view, with the main demand being large space, long-duration flights to meet household travel requirements; and, from the supply point of view, the main vehicle type of fuel vehicle, $10-15 million.
In 2023, there was a relative lack of supply of new energy-borne vehicle products, mainly compact car-by-car-by-car Biadi Qin and mini-car-Biadi dolphins. Thus, in 2023, only 20.9 per cent of new energy-borne vehicle penetration was sold at a cost of $10-15 million.
Combine-type penetration is only 7.0%. We believe that the price of $10-15 million is large enough to increase the penetration rate of new energy sources, and that the core of the price band, because of the best choice for household start-up demand mixes, is a combination of cost-control capabilities that can actually boost the penetration rate of new energy sources at a lower electricity-to-oil level.
Figure 4: New energy penetration in price segments in 2023 (%)
Less, the rate of autonomous penetration of the price band is expected to accelerate in the event of a decline in the “price war” capability. 3 Reciprocal: dm-i4.0 technology breakthrough driver, profit, valuation to dm-i 4.0 technology over many years, with perfect balance of costs, power, and fuel saving. dm-i supermix
The core components of the motion include the two-electric ehs super-mixed system, the cloud-plug-specially efficient engine, the dm-i super-mixed special power blade battery, and the whole vehicle control system, the engine control system, the electrical control system, the battery management system, the core parts and key technologies developed entirely by the company itself.
The power drive is more efficient and environmentally friendly than the fuel engine. The dm-i super-mixed power-based racks actually achieves more electricity, less oil, and more efficient use of oil. 99% of the city's driving is driven by electric machines, with an unlimited experience of approaching a pure electric vehicle, and 81% of the engines are in a blackout mode.
State, completely zero fuel consumption; high-speed, driven by and directly linked, motors are driven between efficient zones, simplifies the energy transfer chain, and achieves super-efficient and sub-low fuel consumption. At the same time, companies have succeeded in keeping their costs at a lower level through a reasonable mix and utilization of spare parts.
dm-i4.0 Sets out the corporate confluence leading by super-mixing product cycles with multiple sales, shares, receipts, and valuations. In January 2021, the company ' s dm-i supermix was officially released, and the dm-i supermixed super-mixed supermix system was power-driven, with a mix of quick, short, quiet, smooth, green and many advantages.
In March 2021, Qin, Tang, Songplusdm-i was officially on the market.
The vehicle model has made a breakthrough with fuel consumption, combined product strength, with a monthly turnover of 40,000 vehicles at the end of 2021 and a 50 per cent turnover in mixed market shares, followed by a steady rise in corporate sales and higher revenues and profits with the introduction of more new models.
Figure 6: Corporate bev, phev sales (millions) and city share (%) between 2020 and 2023. The scale effect has increased and profits have been realized over time. 2022q2, the company ' s quarterly sales outpaced 300,000 vehicles, benefiting from an increase in the sales of dm-i4.0 models and an increase in the scale effect, with 2022q2 companies achieving a single car profit of 0.7 million yuan.
The ring ratio +0.46 million dollars. In 2023, corporate sales went up, with 2023q3 single-quarter profit breaks, technology leading the way in terms of fuel consumption, cost and economics, building up multi-hot models, and during the second half of 2022, several months of mixed market shares were over 60%, sales continued to rise, generating further revenue and profits.
4 Outlook: dm-i5.0 Technological innovation + price-deep driving patterns Upward trend, alpha ups. In 2023, corporate product ends were dominated by old car models and fewer new products.
In 2023, the company’s valuation focused on price warfare, Qinplus officials’ decline to $898,000, and concerns about sales and profit growth in 2024.
In 2024, the company ' s product cycle was extended through new technologies, such as dm-i5.0 and e4.0 platforms, with price-for-value, power-for-oil strategies, and two waves of high-impact weeks, such as re-priorizing and 5.0-for-generation periods, to further enrich the product matrix, to be more aggressive in seizing the market share of less than $200,000, and to determine sales and profits.
In 2023, the company ' s base plate (the dynasty sea) was dominated by annual refinancing vehicles, with the exception of gulls, seals dm-i, and Songl, which were listed at the end of the year, leaving some room for price reduction at the instructional price; high-level attempts to hit high-end markets performed well; and, on exports, 2023 was the year of accelerated company exports.
2023q3/q4 exports are growing rapidly. So we believe that in 2023 the company as a whole was in the process of growing up, maintaining the old base plate for one year, with a weak product cycle.
At the beginning of the year, 60 per cent fell to 37 per cent at the end of the year, the share of the new energy market fell from 41 per cent at the beginning of the year to the end of the year.
In 2024, the company had a 2-wave high-yield product cycle, a rejuvenation in February-March, and a new dm-i5.0 technology that was launched at the end of May. Unlike the passive maintenance of market shares introduced in the 2023 championship, in 2024, the company took advantage of the whole chain of industry to take advantage of the market share more proactively.
New evidence of the company’s cost advantage is that, after the price reduction in late February, the company entered the store, the orders warmed up quickly, and multiplied by the use of the blending board to take the lead. In product thinking/playing, the company, while emphasizing the advantages of mixed-car oil savings, positioned itself as “power-to-oil”
Low”, enhanced cost advantage; on the other hand, the Dynasty Ocean Advantage model replicates each other, upgrading the sedan and suv models, filling the price bands, filling the gaps in the empty market, and further refining the product matrix.
In the case of joint ventures, the price of the fuel truck as a whole was substantially reduced in 2023, and the price of the car was reduced by 2023h2 company cars. The price of the car as a whole was reduced several times, and the price of the car as a whole was reduced by 2023h2.
However, due to the remaining difference in prices with the joint venture fuel vehicle (e.g., the difference between the price of Qinplus and the price of the Qin fugitive tax is about $10,000, and the low Han dm-i version is still higher than that of Camerre and Pasart), the replacement of the joint venture fuel could not be fully completed. In February 2024, the company took the initiative to explore the lowest Qin ration price to $798,000, to touch the Qin price.
At the lowest price, the market share of a class was seized; Han, seal terminal prices were explored, leading to a joint venture of $1.52 million b. Because of the obvious advantages of Qin, Han, and fuel competition in terms of product power such as fuel consumption, intelligence, etc., the impact of the post-price stimulus was significant.
Qin, Han, and the lower-end market of a-class cars are relatively easy to break down and speed up their share. Qin and the destroyer have successfully hit the lowest price belt, and Qin and Qin plus 05 have succeeded in taking a share of the sedan market; Qin plus 05 in January/2/3/4/May 2024, Qin plus 05 in a
The share of class cars is 6/12/16/16/16/17 per cent, respectively, and the relative stimulus effect of high- and medium-end markets is limited. On February 28, 2024, Han and SEALs changed their editions of glory for the autonomous suv market: Songpro/plus prices further downwards and competes directly;
Soml, Sea Lions, New Motors to fill the market gap. The company's core hybrid suv, which is dominated by Songpro/plusdm-i, was priced with $12-14 million and $15-17 million respectively before the price reduction, the main bid being the autonomous suv, and re-placing the market share, Songprodm-i, Songplusdm-i Glory version.
The price fell to $10.98, $13.98 million, facing a strong market competition of $10.15 million, while the Songdm-i series of oil consumption was expected to expand its share of the market at $10.15 million, depending on price advantage, compared to the core of the Suv contest.
Pure electric cars, such as sea lions, to fill the previous market ' s car-type vacancies and to enrich the product matrix. Figure 16: Prices sold at $10-15 million (%) Price reduction: greater price advantage and higher share.
The share in the pure power-borne vehicle market rose from 24.2 per cent to 28.7 per cent before the price reduction, with a significant reduction effect.
Dm-i5.0 achieves fuel consumption, continues the voyage, and strengthens the cutting edge of blending technology. On May 28, 2024, the company organized a marketing conference with dm-i5.0 and Qin ldm-i, and seals 06dm-i, for the release of blending new technology. dm-i5.0 has a global maximum of 46.06% engine heat efficiency, and a global minimum of 2.9lm.
With a loss of electricity and a maximum of 2,100 km of combined global traffic, Qinl and SEAL06 measured average oil consumption of 2.26, 2.11l, continued more than 2,500 km, captured the consumer’s most critical pain point of 1 oil consumption, continued 2 km, and reinforced the cutting edge of mixing technology.
Technology-based power structures, whole-temperature vehicle heat management structures, and IEC electrical structures have been further upgraded on a dm-i 4.0 basis. 1) Engine efficiency enhancement: ehs mix system integrated efficiency enhancement of 92%, start-up
(b) Battery energy density increases: batteries use second-generation direct cold systems with an average increase in temperature of 45 per cent, energy consumption savings of 34 per cent, new second-generation battery pulser self-heating technology with a 60 per cent increase in temperature and blade batteries
Energy density rises by 15.9 per cent and leads the market to more products. 3) Structures are more compact: the dm-i5.0 system is more compact in layout than dm-i4.0 and the total volume is smaller; and the gear on the clutch axis and the intermediate axis is reduced, saving both space and power p1
& p3 power units can unlock higher speeds, increasing the efficiency of work from 87.6 per cent to 92 per cent and the density of power from 65kw/l to 75kw/l. Figure 25: dm-i5.0 system compactness is higher than dm4.0 system
The dm-i5.0 system promotes optimized energy consumption, controls precision and optimizes driving performance through software, chip control upgrades. 1) Smart temperature management improves system efficiency: companies develop software and hardware such as vcu, mcu, ecu, etc.
In the dm-i5.0 system, the introduction of heat management in the whole-temperature area has been innovative, with integrated and coordinated management of the three closed spaces of batteries, cabins and cabins. 10% energy saving in high temperature environments, up to 8% in low-temperature energy consumption, 34% reduction in temperature control-related energy consumption in batteries; air-conditioning refrigeration per 100 km of energy saving has been achieved through smart control.
0.13l, energy efficiency per 100 km. In addition to energy efficiency, the advantage of whole-temperature heat management should be to increase the adaptive capacity of the whole vehicle in extreme hot and cold weather. 2) The power control system concentrates on improving the accuracy of the control system and reducing the loss of energy consumption: dm-i5.0
One mcu chip, which combines the control of the entire car and two electrical controller systems, raises the chip to 46 percent, the communications speed to 10 times, and reduces the response time to one-ten percent, making the energy more precise, smoother, more energy-efficient.
Figure 26: The company ' s dm-i5.0 technical architecture is flexible in the follow-up of the new model dm-i5.0 and the increase in the price of the new vehicle is expected to boost the profitability of the vehicle. We believe that dm-i5.0 has made another major breakthrough in terms of energy consumption and continuity, and is expected to strengthen the company ' s technological leadership in the field of mixing
Bits, pattern optimization logic is strengthened, and Qinl and SEAL 06 are set at $998-1398,000, which is a more aggressive price for the B-class car between Qinplus Handm-i. With the further listing of the new 5.0 model, the company is expected to take a further share of the joint venture fuel vehicle market and achieve higher sales.
The distribution of a new pure power platform e4.0 is expected to further enhance the competitive edge of the pure electricity market. The logic of pattern optimization has been strengthened, the market share below $200,000 has continued to rise, and the company's total vehicle sales in 2024 are expected to reach 3.96 million.
The company’s share of the new energy market is 49% below $200,000, and is expected to increase further with the further roll-out of the dm-i5.0 model; the company’s projected sales of vehicles under $200,000 in 2024 are expected to be about 3.2 million, and the company’s domestic sales are expected to be around 5 million in the medium term.
In China, the share of the fuel-car-era mass group in peak sales is about 20 per cent, with a peak of about 4.1 million (2018). In the medium term, it is expected that the following domestic passenger vehicle sales will be 20 + 10,000, new energy seepage 80 per cent, company shares 30 + %, and sales are expected to reach 5 + million.
The 4.5 scale effect on corporate profitability highlights the positive performance of the 4.5.1 downside advantage of the quarterly report, the overperformance of 2024q1, reflecting the strong downgrading capacity of the company.
14.13 million yuan, ring ratio - 0.96 million yuan (a combination of magnified by terminal discounts and a fall in the price of the glory guide); but the car + battery ratio of 28.1%, same ratio of 4.9 pct, ring ratio of 3.0 pct, Māori performance exceeded expectations. On the one hand, + 1,521, +5,351 vehicles; and, on the other hand, according to our calculations, 2024q1 single car costs 10.16 million yuan.
The ring ratio was $114,000, of which battery drops contributed about $935, while other drops over $10,000 came from the company ' s cost control and industry-wide chain drops, demonstrating a very high cost-reduction capability. 4.5.2 sea + high end annual increases in profit.
In Buick, Hungary, Indonesia, and in order to speed up exports (new contributions from seagulls, etc.), we've awarded thousands of vehicles, +103.5% of the year, and going out to the sea is expected to boost profits.
q3, the formula of about 3/8 (expected q3) will be marketed centrally in q3-q4. According to the 2023 vehicle, the space is wide. We look forward to a two-way upward trend in strength, equation leopards, looking up sales, and profits. The 2024 boom, the 4.5.3 high cost of R & D + the subsequent scale effect has enhanced performance release.
The rate of 10% is calculated to reduce the corresponding cost by about $4 billion. High levels of costing of R & D expenditures have had a moderate effect on the company’s performance growth in 2023 in the short term, but have reduced the negative contribution of subsequent amortization to profits in the long run, thus contributing to the company’s subsequent profit-end release performance.
The impact of vehicle volumes has increased, and the cost of bicycle R & D is expected to decrease. Figure 30: Corporate R & D inputs and the share of costed R & D (billions, %) Figure 31: Corporate operating income and R & D inputs as a share of revenue (billions, %)
▪ Costed R & D as a percentage (%) of corporate R & D investment (millions of yuan) Depreciated in a timely manner to facilitate future performance release.
It is estimated that changes will occur, taking into account the speed with which the new energy vehicle technology has evolved, that some of the mechanical equipment has a longer life than the original depreciation years, a uniform change in the depreciation/amortization of power cell long-term assets to three years, an increase in the original value of the equipment year, and that a significant proportion of the additional fixed assets will be depreciated in the current period, with a smaller future depreciation burden.
Favourable future profit release. Figure 34: Corporate capital spending by period (millions of yuan)
We believe that in 2024 the firm's performance was more certain, that 1) the company's whole chain of decline and cost control was expected to rise back in the city; 2) in 2024, the year of high-end, export, high-end car-to-car industry performance was strong; 3) in 2023, the quality of corporate statements was high, the cost of R & D and the cost of depreciation amortization had been advanced.
The cost-side pressures are expected to be reduced with increased economies of scale and shrinking capital spending. 5.1 Profit prediction assumptions and business splitting The market share of the domestic base plate of the vehicle is strong, the high end vehicle model is rolled out faster, and overseas sales are growing rapidly, while, at the same time,
High-end vehicle-types have increased in volume and size, and subsequent profitability is expected to increase. We expect 2024 -- cellular components and assembly operations: mainly electronics and new smart products (unmanned, smart homes, game hardware) assembled in 2023, with an income of $118.6 billion, a Māori rate of about 8.78%, followed by electronics.
On the other hand, the company will continue to deepen its strategic cooperation with large clients, raise its share of core products from large overseas clients, and develop new product structures; on the new smart product business, the company will actively improve the layout of the ai server and its high-growth track, and I will continue to develop robustly in business panels such as drones, smart homes, games hardware, etc.
For the company’s own new energy, we've chosen the same kind of vehicle as the company’s own vehicle, the vehicle, the car, the car, the Gilly, the Great Wall, to compare it to the company’s valuation. This is more than equal to the company’s average. We think that the company, as the leader of the autonomous new energy source, is ahead of the new energy share.
The Dm-i5.0 technology plus cost advantages have strengthened the country ' s position as a leader of 200,000 yuan, the scale effect has been enhanced and the profits have been well defined; and companies are facing high-end, export opportunities, technologically high-powered, high-profile, looking up, and the equation leopards have sprung up; and export sales have increased and globalization has accelerated and should enjoy valuation premiums.
In 2024, companies started a strong product cycle, and 1) the rhythm was: from February to March, the glorified version was launched, with an emphasis on cost advantages, a more aggressive exchange of prices, and a weak market share.
At the end of May, new technology dm-i5.0 was released to strengthen the company ' s technological leadership in the field of mixing; (2) product thinking, on the one hand, the company reinforced the new energy cost advantage and the pricing was more aggressive; on the other hand, the dynasty ocean advantage model replicated each other to fill the gap in the market and further refine the product matrix. For example, for $200,000.
(a) The joint-venture car market, on the one hand, with further exploration of the prices of Qinplus and Handm-i, which is close to the lowest price of the joint-venture fuel competition; on the other hand, Qinl and SEAL06 fill in the car ' s empty space; and on the other hand, with respect to the autonomous suv market of 200,000 yuan and below, on the other hand, with the lower prices of Songpro/Songplusdm-i, the difference between the price of Laping and the main sale of a self-owned suv;
On the one hand, Yuanup, Songl, and Sea Lion 07ev are on the market to explore and improve the line of pure electrical suv products. The pressure to lower precipitation + high end, export pull profits + amortization of costs is reduced, and firm performance is more certain.
The impact of the price war is expected to be limited by the projected impact of the company ' s ability to reduce its entire industry chain and to control its costs. Over the years of high-end, export sales are projected to be 218,000 and 470,000, respectively, with expected profitability; 3) the impact of scale increases and cost-side pressures are expected to be reduced: high quality corporate reporting in 2023, research
The cost of issuing fees, depreciation amortization costs have been substantially raised in the prior period; the cost-side pressure is expected to be reduced by the combination of increased scale effects and reduced capital spending. The fuel consumption 2.0 era has begun, and the logic of pattern optimization has been strengthened.
(a) The continued upwards of brand power, which accelerates migration to the world as the world ' s leading new energy driver, and the downside risks of scale, globalization, high-end, 1) the automobile industry is cyclical and the continued downswing of the economy may lead to a weakening of the car market, while competition in the automobile industry is expected to become more intense and risky;
2) The volume and demand of new models are not as high as expected: consumer demand changes over time and in the market environment. If companies fail to accurately predict changes in consumer demand or to adjust product strategies to meet market demand in a timely manner, this may result in less than expected sales of new models and risks;
3) Over-expected risk of fluctuations in raw materials: the automotive sector, particularly in the area of electric vehicles, is exposed to risks such as macroeconomic fluctuations and fluctuations in the price of raw materials, leading to difficulties and risks for the profitability of new energy vehicles; 4) less than expected pace of sea travel: exports are subject to tariff and maritime fluctuations, which may increase corporate steam
In addition, as the global trade situation changes, some countries may introduce anti-dumping and countervailing policies against Chinese cars, resulting in less than expected progress on the sea. The methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, an independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.