The technology is high, looking, the equation is high, and the three arrows are high.
\triangleright \triangleright Stemmatization: \dm-i5.0 technology plus cost advantage \dm-i.5.0 \ \n \m \m \m \m \ \m \ \ \m \ \ \ \ \m \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \  \ \ \ \ \  \ \ \  \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \  \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \  \  \
The report is a Biadi depth report series III, focusing on corporate high-end branding strategies and profit-making space. The market for 300 + million limousine cars is wide, and there is greater room for autonomous new energy upgrading.
\triangleright cars (valued at $300,000 + 10,000) sold amounted to 4.4790 million vehicles, compared to +23.9 per cent.
The BMW’s combined share was more than 70% in 2023, and the autonomous car was mainly a 70% share of the question world’s m9, idealmega, and helium, with only a few breakthroughs and more room for improvement than the Yadi Yogurt. Luxury brand over-profits were evident, domestic joint venture luxury brand premiums were lost, and self-profits outpaced the space.
\triangleright is big. Globally, super-luxury and luxury brands have a clear excess profit. Super-luxury: a luxury brand, Ferrari 1. 002594.sz. series reviews 12:Bia.
Annual sale of 10,000 vehicles, asp2+million, Māori rate of about 50 per cent, and single car net gain of about 70+million; luxury: Benz, BMW sales of about 2-2.5 million vehicles, asp RMB 400,000, Māori rate of about 15–23 per cent, 2 per vehicle net 2. Biadi (002594.sz) series depth two: from China
The discount rate for domestic co-ventures is high. The discount rate for luxury brands Benz, BMW, Odie is now around 30%, the entry model is losing its capacity for price warfare, and brand premiums are lost.
Joint venture luxury brand profit space is compressed, shares are down, and new autonomous energy sources are expected to rise in high-end markets. 4. Biadi (002594.sz) series reviews 11: dm - high-end products for a year, with staggers, equation leopards, three arrows. Companies create clouds for high-end markets.
\triangleright \triangleright technology, quadrant technology, dm-o (mixed platform for cross-country), smart control technology, 5. Biadi (002594.sz) series EXIM: sales
Brand premiums are created through technology high-end brands. On brand layout, 2024 was a year of high-end products in Biadi. Trenched z9gt (projected q3), uptight n9 (projected q4), with priority models such as u7, equation 8 Leopard will be listed in q3-q4.
Investment Recommendations: We look forward to corporate scalability, globalization, high-end, intelligent resonance, adjustment of profits \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
On the basis of [the framework for research on whole cars], we believe that in the transformation of car smart electric power, autonomous car companies are expected to achieve an increase in market ownership and branding in China and overseas markets, with core observation indicators being the expansion of vehicle revenues, profits, revenue = number of cars * single-car sales * single-car sales prices, research and development capabilities, product power, product strength of the car company.
Brand power combined decision; car profits = number of car types * single-car sales * single-car profits * determined by the combined branding power, cost control capacity of the car.
Uplifting and upturning profits are further dependent on the strength and weakness of the product cycle; long-term decisions are determined by the level of smartness of car firms (soft fees change business patterns). In 2024, at the end of the spectrum, new energy sources increased their contribution to the sea, with a small increase in wholesale and on-risk sales expected;
At the structural end, the rise of autonomy accelerates, and seaboard + intelligence becomes the core main line, which is also the core change in the value of the boost.
1) Short-term vehicle revenue is determined by three factors: number of vehicles (platformization, R & D strength), volume of model sales (competitive capacity of car companies), average price per vehicle (brand power of vehicles), level of intelligence of medium- and long-term car enterprises determines software income
Biadi, as a new energy leader in the country, has an absolute premium on valuations through forward-winding electrodynamic technology and building cost advantages through scalding, technological advantages, etc., as an absolute leader in the field of mixing. The year 2024 was a year of corporate full-scale energy, with a focus on size, high-end, globalization, intelligence:
1) Scaled up: dm-i5.0 technologies started the two-year fuel consumption era, with enhanced scale effects. Companies reduced the cost of whole cars through technological and industry-wide chain advantages, taking advantage of the market at a proactive price; the glory edition was launched in February-March 2024, with remarkable results, with companies issuing dm-i5.0 technology at the end of May
Qinl and SEAL06, which strengthens their technical leadership in the field of mixing, increased confidence by 4 million sales in 2024, accompanied by technological upgrading, higher sales, and a further expected increase in dm-i5.0 compared to 173.8 per cent in Thailand, Brazil, Uzbekistan, Hungary, India.
Ni, Turkey's distribution plants, while accelerating exports, we judge that companies are on the verge of rapid growth in Europe, South-East Asia, and Australia, with higher export sales and higher profits. 3) High-end: high-end products, high sales and higher profits.
In 2024, high-end products from Biadi were produced, with a turbo, flag sedan (projected at 2024q3), a large family suv (projected at 2024q4), and priority vehicles such as u7, an equation leopard at 3/8 (projected at 2024q3).
4) Smartness: Access to and access to the first smart network cars was accelerated. On 4 June 2024, the four departments jointly published " Access to and access to the smart network cars " , Basic Information on the Consortium, which is intended to support L3 auto-drive traffic and output, and companies are selected.
The company is expected to accelerate its progress in the second half of the smart competition, keeping it in the lead, thanks to the huge sales base, the accumulation of smart technologies and the intensive use of new models.
In the long term, the company’s overseas construction has accelerated, and growth has been resonant, both within and outside the country. This is the Biadi series of in-depth reports III, which will focus on technology enabling high-end and higher-end Biadi branding contributions.
The market for cars is about 21.3 + 10,000 yuan, with a wide range of about 4.5 million autonomous brands, and the market for luxury cars is expanding, with a total domestic sales space of nearly 4.5 million. We are selling 300,000 + 10,000 dollars.
Cagr is about 11.9%, mainly benefiting from an increase in the ratio of acquisitions to higher-end supply of autonomous brands. Following this, with the further enrichment of autonomous models and high-end joint ventures at a price, the Luxury Car Market is expected to continue to expand to a total of 4.47 million vehicles, or +23.9%.
Figure 3: Luxury car sub-prices plus sales (millions; %) Figure 2: Luxury car sales and acceleration (million; %)
In 2023, the market-type domestic product rate was 84.2 per cent, of which 300,000-400,000/400-500,000/50 - with a high rate of market-based nationalization; the benefits of the gradual break-through and BMWx5 national production, with a market-owned rate of 500,000-one million yuan, figure 4: national production rate by car segment (%)
Figure 5: Distribution of Luxury Cars by Country and Import (millions) 2023
The market share is 19.0%, of which 30-400,000/400-500,000/50-100 million.
Fig. 7: Share of autonomous brands in the sub-prices of cars by car (%) High share of traditional fuel trucks in the luxury car market, with phev driving a rapid increase in new energy penetration rates. According to high-risk data, the 30+million dollar market new energy penetration rates were 27.2% in 2023, of which 30-400,000 were respectively
2.2 Acceleration of new and autonomous sources of energy with higher concentration in the luxury car market $22.13-400,000: Benz, BMW, Audi, reduced joint venture premiums at a price
The main breakthrough was sustained. In 2023, the market of $30-400,000 was sold at 2.201 million, compared with +38.8 per cent of the competition, with the 300,000-400,000 market formerly dominated by bba (Benz, BMW, Ody) and some high-end joint ventures (the Toyota high-end model), with bba accounting for 42.4 per cent of the market in 2020, and second-line luxury.
In 2023, bba accounted for 37.5% of the market, down 4.9% from 41.1% in 2020, with an ideal share of 12% for households of 1 7/8/9 suv and a weaker joint venture represented by Cadillac, Beyk, Volvo.
Shares: 2024m1-6 ideal, question world, U.S., kryptonium combined, 24.1%, with faster break-up, with a price of ideal l7/l8, m7, kryptonium001, réese 6, equation leopard 5, tank 500, and BMW announced a stop to price battles and a drop in sales as the premium for high-end joint venture brands was phased out.
It is expected to release growth space for autonomous car companies in high-end markets. 2.22.4-500,000: bba price discounts for autonomous high-end suv, mpv penetration rate of 19.8%, and auto penetration rate for autonomous new energy sources. 400-500,000 brands for competitive patterns.
The market share, the idea of an autonomous brand, and the momentum have made some breakthroughs, with the main models being ideal 1.9, high d9, Urees 6, kryptonite 009, etc., suv, which, because of the high profitability of the market, is expected to generate a 28.7 per cent penetration rate for the profits of the car industry, and a breakthrough in the m9.
In 2023, the combined share was more than 70 per cent, and 2024m1-6m9 made a significant breakthrough in the market, with a share of 18.1 per cent of the 500,000-million hot sales model, with a higher share of imported cars (Benzgle class, Toyota Elfa, Odiq 7 et cetera).
High, successful auto models include m9, idealmega, etc. Table 6: 0.5 million to 1 million car types (millions) and shares (% 2.241 million + 10,000): Imports of excess luxury are mostly looking at u8 as autonomous car models
With a high concentration of $1 million + million in luxury markets, there is much room for improvement in penetration. In 2023, the market sold 242,000 vehicles, or +6.9% of the year, and in terms of competition patterns, the market is largely dominated by imports of luxury cars, with a share of about 70% of Mercedes, Road Rover, and Porschecr3.
Benz s, Mercedes gls, Porsche panamera, Luggers, BMW-7, cars, suvs, and sedans have some space, with the first four vehicles selling in the range of 20 to 30 thousand vehicles a year. In the autonomous brand, only u8 is currently looking at leading technology, cutting through hard-to-segregate races.
Summing up: The 300,000-million-dollar luxury car market is wide open, and the autonomous brand is gradually making a breakthrough in high-end by re-engaging brands with new energy sources. The sales of the 2021-2023 luxury car (300-million-dollar) cagr was about 11.9%. No, the 10,000-dollar price is high, the bba+ joint share is about 80-per-cent.
There's some breakthroughs in the self-styled brands; between half a million and one million dollars of them are concentrated in Mercedes and BMW, with a combined share of more than 70 per cent in 2023, mainly in the question areas of m9, ideal megaga and so on, so that about 70 per cent of the shares, the 100 + million auto-types are now only looking for a breakthrough in the u8 and raising space.
According to the current brand-owned hot-marketing model, the 2024m1-6 hot-marketed vehicles include m17,000 (111,000 (43,000), ideal l8 (38,000), m9 (46,000), Urees 6 (32,000), tanks 500 (20,000), equation Leopard 5dm (17,000), mostly high-end suv, mpv
Mainly, the power pattern is mixed, and the car market has not made a significant breakthrough for the time being, with the exception of Krypton 001. 3 Profit: High-end branding is expected to accelerate the breakthrough of 3.1 Global: Luxury, Māori, net profit performance leading by excess profits
On a global scale, there is a clear hierarchy of revenue for luxury cars. There is a marked difference in the price of single cars in different luxury brands, compared to different brands in 2019-2023. The average price of single cars in luxury brands like Porsche, Aston Martin and Ferrari is two million yuan, and the average price of single cars in luxury cars, BMWs, Mercedes, etc.
The price of bicycles averaged about $300,000 to 400,000, and that of Audi to 300,000, while toyota and popular groups averaged about $200,000 to 250,000, which was lower. After 2021, global car companies generally increased prices due to rising prices of raw materials and a shortage of chips, supply chain shortages due to the epidemic, and global inflation.
BMW uses data on revenue from car sales; Mercedes uses data on income from Benz, 20-21 of which is the sum of income from Daimler Group Mercedes and Mercedes vans; Toyota uses data on income from product sales (total revenue - financial services); the public uses the sum of income from light commercial vehicles and revenue from commercial vehicles; and the rest of the companies use business income data.
The Māori ratio of the Luxury Cars Larry, Aston Martin and others is between 35 and 50 per cent, while the Porsche Māori rate is between 25 and 30 per cent; and the Luxury Cars Benz and BMW are between 18 and 25 per cent, and there is little difference between the Māori rate and the most mainstream car companies (large sales, single-car revenue below Mercedes, BMW) such as Toyota, the general public, Klesler and others.
In February 2021, Daimler trucks were singled out for the market, adding to factors such as efficiency gains, electric vehicles and the increase in sales of high-end vehicles, resulting in a significant increase in the Benz Māori ratio; In 2020, the impact of the epidemic and the increase in research and development costs led to a decline in BMW Māori; In 2021, Fiat Chrysler merged with the logo Snow Dragon, resulting in an increase in the Māori rate in the following year.
Single car net profit: The net profit of both luxury and luxury cars is significantly higher than that of mainstream cars. Recent data show that the net gain of the super luxury brand Ferrari is at $500,000 and the net gain of the Porsche is about $100,000; and the net gain of the luxury car company is significantly higher than that of mainstream vehicles.
In February 2021, Daimler trucks were singled out for the market, resulting in a significant increase in net single-car profits; in 2021, Benz net profit data excluded termination gains and losses (Euro12.35 billion) resulting from the splitting of Dimler; in 2021, the BMW Māori rate rose and net profits increased significantly; in 2022, BMW interest income increased significantly, resulting in a significant increase in net single-car gains; in 2021, other operating income increased in Audi, resulting in a significant increase in net single-car profits; and in 2023, other operating expenses increased in Audi and other operating income decreased, while sales increased significantly, resulting in a significant increase in single-car net profit.
Toyota's rate of Maori rose in 2023, resulting in a significant increase in the net single-car profit. 3.2 Domestic: the loss of a new energy source from joint ventures has accelerated upwards and the discount rate on joint ventures' luxury brands has risen sharply and the premium has been lost. In 2023, the fuel truck accelerated at a price-for-price rate.
By early June 2024, joint-venture discount rates were +0.12 pt. Benz, BMW, Odys have been discounted by around 30% in luxury brands, some Benz, BMW, BMW, B-class B fare near $200,000.
Since 2023, joint-venture brand profits have been declining, with new and autonomous sources of energy gaining incremental opportunities in high-end markets. In China, the profits of the upper gas utility, the wide gas Honda, and the Toyota bicycle have fallen by a margin of 25-30%, while the net profit of the public bicycle has declined by about 45%, a downward trend that, overall, was accompanied by the BMW’s announcement in 2024 that prices had stopped falling.
Low bulk sales, reduced luxury brand premiums, reduced profit margins, and new, autonomous sources of energy are expected to reach high-end markets 3.3 representative of significant profits from luxury brands in automobile companies, about 24% from the public, and about 76% from the business.
The mature car giants have become mainstream, luxuries, super-luxurious brand matrixes, with significant profit stratification across different types of brands in comparison with different brands over the last five years. In 2019-2023, mass group mainstream brands were sold in 810/666,625,568.25 million vehicles, luxury brands.
See, while the combined sales of luxury and super luxury brands such as Audi, Bingley, Lamborghini, Porsche and others account for only 24 per cent of the total sales of mass groups, the sales revenue amounted to about 46 per cent and the operating profits amounted to about 76 per cent, corresponding to an average of 26/158/19.96/82 million and an average of 2/19.42.14 million dollars, respectively.
Yoon, with a total operating profit of about 3.2 times that of the public, Scota, and West Asia’s main brand, shows a remarkable excess of profit across the globe. Super luxury: a luxury brand (e.g. Faraley) has a global income of 2023 dollars or more on average, with a gross profit of about 50%.
700,000 plus, significantly higher than the average luxury brand; 320,000 vehicles sold globally in 2023 (e.g., Porsche), with single-car revenues of $780,000, Māori rate between 25 and 30 per cent, and a single-car net gain of around $100,000; Luxury: Benz, BMW, global sales of 2 to 2.5 million units, Māori rate of 15 to 23 per cent, and single-car rate of 15 to 23 per cent, respectively
The net profit was around $40-50,000; mainstream cars: Toyota, the general public, Krysler 5-10 million, Māori, joint venture luxury brand discount rates were up sharply and the premium was lost. By late June 2024, joint venture discounts were 20.15 per cent, ring ratio + 0.68 pt; luxury brand Mercedes, BMW, Audi discount rates were already 30 per cent.
On the right or the left, brand premiums are being lost at an accelerated rate. With the weakening of luxury brand premiums, falling sales, BMW announced that it would stop price wars, lower bulk sales, compressed profit margins, and an autonomous new energy source that is expected to meet the high-end market multipliers, 4Byadi: 2024 high-end products are sold year after year, with higher profits.
Trend, look up, equation leopards cover the luxury market of $3 million and above, super luxury markets, different configurations, and user groups. Biadey's luxury brands are divided into highs, looks, equation leopards, smart positioning security, 10,000 dollars, equation leopard brands, personalized brands, product lines covering new hard-to-peer energy, running cars, etc., to meet the needs of small people.
The group’s personalized car demand, with a price belt covering mainly 300,000-500,000 dollars, looks up as super-high-end smart electric brands, and hits the market of over a million dollars on top of Mercedeses such as amg, Mybach, through great performance, innovative technology and luxury experience.
4.1 High-end marketing: technology-enabling high-end differentiation applied to different brands, electric pilot, technology-enabling high-end brands. In the fuel-car era, luxury brands built technological leadership, product power, and long-established car brands built good slogans and loyalty.
Consumers have a high degree of trust in and recognition of these brands, creating brand premiums. In the new energy age, companies have developed and made breakthroughs in electric technologies, with dm-i5.0, e3.0 platforms, blade batteries, etc., applied to brand-wide models; and have created cloudy technologies, easy-to-space technologies, for high-end markets.
Dm-o (mixing platform for cross-country) and smart control techniques, with high-end branding technology, optimized hangability of cloudy smart body control systems and significantly enhanced consumer driving experience from a variety of dimensions, such as comfort, manipulation, safety, and cross-country.
The system, which collects real-time motor state information through a multi-dimensional sensing module, analyses and processes data through an intelligent decision-making module, and ends with a dynamic adjustment and optimization of the suspension system through an intelligent control module. The cloud technology greatly enhances the driving experience of consumers from a variety of dimensions, such as comfort, manipulation, safety, cross-country, etc.
In the case of vehicle-car-car-car-caring patterns, which reduce the risk of vehicle side flips, reduce the number of drivers moving in positions, and protect the body in complex road conditions, avoid collision damage, and achieve double protection of people and vehicles. In the case of vehicle-car-car-type, cloud-p-tools are ready for cross-country operations, in the case of oscillations u8, equation panther 5, cloud-x, cloud-x-z, higher-end, and in the case of excesses.
The Chinese brand looks up at u9 and u7 and builds a premium on the ultra-luxury brand.
The first four-power-driven technology in the country is the "quadable" power system, which destabilizes fuel vehicle power systems, independently controls the four-wheeler dynamics of vehicles, and enhances off-road capabilities and security. The "quad" technology is the first four-power-driven technology in the country, using a highly coordinated control structure of the central computing platform plus domain controllers.
Accurate and diversified control of the vehicle ' s four-wheel dynamics can be achieved by means of a four-cell independent vector control technology that independently adjusts the vehicle ' s four-wheel dynamics at a millisecond-scale rate, thereby better controlling the vehicle ' s physical posture and, under extreme conditions, achieving in situ reversals, high-speed flattling control, emergency water floating, ice and snow surface movement and high cross-country capacity.
Table 15: Specific technical characteristics of the user-friendly cloud system classification
A pure four-wheel independent drive through four wheeled power units, with a single four-wheeler independently driven and precise control of the power of the four wheels, depending on the requirements of the driving scene. This design provides greater flexibility and stability, especially in the context of complex road conditions.
The dm-o super-mixing platform was introduced for cross-country scenes, with a different competition. Bi-Adi mixer was introduced four times in 2021, with a highly oil-efficient dm-i mix; and a more dynamic dm-p technology was released in 2022 than Yadi, with the first mounted on Tang dm-p. And the Leopard 5 was mounted on dm-p.
The platform is a combination of dm-i ' s fuel economy and dm-p ' s kinetic advantages, and is tailored to cross-country landscapes. The dm-o platform has top-level security, strong power and energy-intensive performances that integrates the forward technological build-up of the Biadi Group for more than 20 years.
Strong wheel torque, millisecond level response, first three locks of intelligence, consisting of two wheel differential locks and one axial interlocking energy, super fast response, smart lock stops and exits, meeting 100 percent of the maximum torque needs for a single or even multiple roll-over.
Figure 25: The advantage of the dm-o platform is shown in 4.2 brand layouts: ups and downs, ups and downs and downs of the equation panthers. 4.2.1 Ups and downs: Smart and Safe New Luxury Cars
Tremendous brand was created in 2010 as a joint venture between Biadi and German-Benz. The initial brand combines the mature electric technology of Biadi with Dymler's rich whole-car manufacturing experience and is based on mature and advanced power cell technology and research and development capabilities.
On December 24, 2021, Daimler signed an equity transfer agreement with Biadi, which will then be divided between Daimler and Biadi, not to hold 10% and 90% of the stock, followed by branding new car designs, marketing management, etc.
A large series of multi-car types, of which the mpv class will continue to be named after the d9 series, while the suv series will be named after the n-plus, and the future will be rolled out from four to seven, from mpv to suv, and will provide multiple combinations of pure electricity +dm. The brands currently have d9 and n7.
Figure 26: Trend brand sales (vehicles) Trend d9 managed to break through the luxury mpv market. Trend d9 provided the two power options of plug-in hybrid (dm-i super-mix) and pure electric (ev version) as the first high-end new energy vehicle model since Biade took over.
On the power side, the dm-i type carries the dung, cloud-plugged, 1.5t turbo booster engine, with a wide range of pure electrical renewals, with a maximum combined range of 1,040 km. On the comfort configuration, Trend d9 is marked with electrical inhaling doors, steering wheel heating, etc.
The high-matching version provides a richer configuration. In terms of intelligence, the motor system has also been upgraded, including such functions as game center app and custom awakening words, which further enhances the experience of intelligent interconnection.
mpv market. Since its launch, Trend d9 has quickly gained market interest and consumer enthusiasm through its excellent performance and configuration, and monthly sales have remained largely stable at around 10,000 vehicles, with a share of about 25 per cent in the D-level mpv market, making a big breakthrough.
Figure 30: Voltage d9 sales (vehicles)
Bose (bill speaker Dana (marking)
Dana, Dana, Dana, Dana, Dana, Dana, Dana.
Dana, the fragrance in the car is strong, it's strong, it's smart, it's smart, it's hard to fix.
Smart chassis, smart cabins and power platforms blended with smart luxury supercomfort suv, underperforming sales in the previous period due to appearances, slow delivery of clouds, etc. 2024 adjusted prices to $23.98-329.8 million, size: 2024 voltage n7 in length of 4,860 mm, width of 1,935 mm, height
One,602 mm, with an axle range of 2,940 mm. This size data provides the passenger with a wide and comfortable seat space, while also ensuring the stability of the vehicle as it travels. Power performance: 2024 boost N7 provides a different version of the range, the longest of which is pure electrolytic.
The mileage is 702 km. The vehicle carries a high-performance battery and electrical system with a maximum power of 230kw (390kw in part) and a maximum torque of 360n m (670n in part).
Smart driving: the vehicle is equipped with an advanced intelligent driving system with an auxiliary driving class of 12, and a partial version with an auxiliary driving capability of 1 3.
In addition, the vehicle is equipped with a smart cabin system with a large screen size of 17.3 inches, which provides passengers with easier, more intelligent interactive experiences. At the same time, the vehicle also supports the remote online upgrade of the ota, which allows the continuous optimization of intelligent driving.
Performance of the system and smart cabin system. Figure 32: Trendn n 720224, section 702 Appearance. Figure 33: Trendnancenn7 sales (vehicle)
Trend z9gt locates large luxury gt sedan running, manipulations, full intellectual coverage, and the new stint z9gt will be rolled out in both blended and pure electric versions, with the potential to carry advanced technologies such as three power units, back wheels, technology, and the fifth generation dm. On the outside, it's longer and more extensive than Aditat's z9gt.
5,180/1,990/1500 mm with an axle range of 3,125 mm, with a large front-light group having a narrow and long-formed design and a creative design of the "two eyelids" inside. On the power side, Biadeten z9 carries a three-volt system, with a combined power of 710 kW. On the smart driving side, Biadeten z9 has three laser radars, orin-
x chip, cloud-a hanger. With regard to the smart cabin, the Biadeten Tz9 is designed on large screens, with hud, instrument screens, side-drive entertainment screens, back-row screens, and full-scale intellectual comfort. In terms of comfort, new car tags are equipped with a full view skyscreen, electric tails, different colour brakes, wheels, front/post carbon fibre.
Vegetables, etc., are expected to sell at a price of 500,000 degrees, which is expected to hit the traditional luxury brand market. Compared to competitiveness such as Teslamodes, Porsche Panamera.
Tremendous z9gt: Family design language is used, front-face lines are simple, closed-in gas grids highlight their pure electron identity. The side of the car is smooth, spelt out elegant body gestures, paired with double-coloured wheels, full of motion. The tails are designed in line with the current, with excellent visual effects.
z9gt also integrates traditional Chinese cultural elements, such as the image of a dragon, which gives the whole design an oriental resonance. The competitive car model: Teslamodels is known for simple technology, and the Porsche Panamera attracts consumers with its unique style of running cars.
It is unique in modern design and Chinese cultural elements. Emblems and configurations Tot z9gt: interiors are simple styles, the control table layouts are reasonable and hierarchical.
The new car is also equipped with smart driving aids, car-borne entertainment systems, wireless chargers, etc. It provides easy driving experience for consumers. In addition, it uses a large area of wooden decorations and sophisticated embroidery to highlight Chinese.
It's the same pattern on the interior design and configuration of Teslamodels and Porsche Panamera.
Tungz9gt plug-in: A power system consisting of a 2.0t engine and a total of three power drives from the previous two, with a maximum power of 2.0t motors of 152 kW, a maximum power of 200 kW for the front power and a maximum power of 220 kW for the back bridge, and a maximum power of 2 kW for both engines.
Lithium batteries, which are 161 km of pure electrical extension mileage with a combined energy consumption of 6.6 litres in feed condition. In addition, there are reports that the 100 km acceleration takes only 3 seconds and can reach 240 km/h at a maximum speed.
The performance of Trekz9gt in blending technology is noteworthy, especially its longer and lower pure electrolytic mileage and Biadeten z9 is expected to be priced at between $400,000 and $600,000. In 2023, about 36,000 cars were sold, BMW 4, BMW 5, Audia 7, BMW 3 was sold (partially).
It's about 12,000 vehicles. Overall, Trench z9 is more luxurious than a joint venture, with technology in the form of a cloud-plus-three, back-wheeling technology, and a superior driver. 4.2.2 looks up: millions of high-end brands, leading to front-line technology.
Looking up: a million-grade high-end brands, leading by cutting-edge technology. Looking up brands are high-end new energy and automobile brands under the Biadi flag. The brand name "Look Up" represents a courageous spirit of exploration, with a sense of continuous excellence and leadership. Looking up brands to create brands and products with subversive technology and forward-looking design, working to bring pre-uses to users.
The first-volume-producing u8 was officially marketed in September 2023, locating large suv, selling prices.
RMB 109.80 million in size: long, wide and high 5,319 mm, 2,050 mm, 1,930 mm with an axle range of 3,050 mm and a body size corresponding to a Mercedes g;
Power, off-road performance: looking at u8 using Biadi's “quadros” power system, equipped with four independent electric machines, providing a total power of 1,197 horsepower at a 100-km acceleration of 3.6s; on the chassis system, looking at u8 is equipped with a differential lock and remixable air hanger, with a single set of cloud-p systems, each with a single wheel.
The staircase lift and down function, which can be 150 mm per wheel, can perform functions such as “back-up”, “emergency floats”, “ camping” and so on, with water depths of up to 1,000 mm, can ensure that vehicles travel smoothly in a variety of environments and demonstrate excellent cross-country capabilities.
Appearance design and interiors: The U8 model, characterized by its rigid appearance and spacious internal space, is designed on the roof of a floating vehicle, emphasizing its luxury field location, and the interior is selected to cover the entire car seat with advanced leather material with a large-scale control screen. In order to enhance its utility and comfort, the U8 has designed a "one key drop" of the seat.
At the same time, front and back seat seats provide heating, ventilation and massage power, combined with smart flavour systems and a car roof of leather material, which further enhances the comfort of travelling. Smart driving: looking at u8 carries two English darin chips and a series of advanced smart aids.
The driving aid hardware further improves driving experience and safety. Smart assistive driving systems include 3 laser mines, 5 millimetre wave radars, 14 ultrasound radars, and luxurious integration visual systems, providing a high-level of 122 auxiliary driving functions.
Figure 38: Appearance of u8
Figure 41: Turn around looking at u8 as it is, looking at u8 as it is a million-class Land Cruiser. u8 opened delivery in December 2023, delivering a total of 7,501 vehicles as of June 2024, with a monthly average of 938 vehicles. As a million-grade product, looking at u8
On February 25th, 20, 20,295 sales in 2023 were made of the Benz G class, the Lugger Guard, and the Randkuluzer type of vehicle. On February 25, 20, 2024, the second product, the millionth class pure electric superactivity, was listed as u9.
Looking back at u9 is a two-second-level acceleration built by Biadi through easy-to-quad technology, combining central and western silos, using a large amount of carbon fibre material, a wealth of intellectual functionality, supporting intelligent driving systems, having powerful power and manipulation, balancing entertainment with intelligence, selling it for $1.68 million.
Size: The long width of observation u9 is 4,966x2,029x1,2951,338mm, which is excellent in the field of speeding and ensures the breadth and comfort of space in the vehicle. Axes reach 2,900mm, providing sufficient leg space for passengers and further enhancing the comfort of travelling.
Power performance: On-the-job Quadripartite power system, each wheel is equipped with a stand-alone power plant with a combined power of 1,300 horsepower, and a torque display of great power, which provides strong power support. It takes only 2.36 seconds to achieve an acceleration of 0-100 km/h at u9 as a result of the independent power-driven technology of the four power generators.
An excellent performance. A carbon-cooled chassis and multiplier pzero series of tyres have been fitted up to boost the brakes and control stability. Appearance design: a visual impact from a look-up of u9 using the term "doors of time and space"
In other words, the vehicle is equipped with aerodynamic packages such as carbon fibre roofs, tail diffusers, and an optional electric wing that not only enhances the aerodynamic performance of the vehicle, but also enhances the mobility of the vehicle as a whole. Smart driving: the level of intelligent driving up to u9 meets a high standard, with many intelligent drivers.
Cars are equipped with high-performance sensors and smart computing units that enable real-time perception and decision-making and ensure a stable state of travel in all circumstances.
u7 was officially released on April 25, u7 and, according to Biadi's data, u7 was longer than 5.2 meters long, with the support of many leading technologies, such as transvestite, cloudy technology, blade batteries, smart cabins, and intelligent assistive driving.
Axis 3.16 meters, maximum horsepower over 1,300, maximum duration 800 km, wind resistance factor at 120 km/h, only cd195. The new car will have a cloud-z hanger system, a high-end-of-the-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-to-go-go-go-to-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-to-go-to-to-do system, three laser radars, electric tails, and so on.
G, you can hardly see any redundant physical buttons. The full LCD+ controlled large-scale LCD display will be integrated into a variety of functional features, three multifunctional steering wheels and a large area of leather wrapping, fine stitching lines, processing and chrome-plating interior design that enhances the sense of luxury.
The price is also millions. Figure 44: Looking at the u7 look-up, looking at the u9 and u7 overall driving experience, bringing about a breakthrough driving experience.
Some 102,000 cars were sold, including 20,000 Mercedes s, Porsche panamera, 1-15,000 Benz-Mabahes, BMW-7, Odia 8, etc., looking at u9 and u7 overall driving, with a strong sense of experience, to meet the vehicle needs of the user community.
4.2.3 Equator Leopards: a new brand for positioning, personalizing, and a new brand for positioning, personalizing. In August 2023, Biadi officially launched a new and personalized version of the Biadi Equator.
New brands are sexualized, and Biadi’s final step is “from home to luxury, from popular to personal.” Currently, cross-country markets are priced at higher prices, and equation leopards use exclusive dm-o platforms + cloud intelligence control systems to be closer to the public to break market barriers and allow users to meet both cross-country and prices.
The new energy hard-to-road vehicle panther 5 is expected to be released in about 3, 8 or 2024q3, forming, together with about 5, a "mode 538" model, which also includes a super9.
Since November 2023, the Equation Leopard 5 has been on the market and opened for delivery at a cost of $28,98-3028,000, and the majority of users in the user community are predominantly urban-based, with light cross-country requirements, with some traditional joint ventures and bba owners; about 10-15 per cent of users are cross-country people, and new technologies and experiences are core concerns;
He's a client of other brands of new energy products. Panther 5 has an advantage over competitions in fuel consumption, maximum output torque, chassis strength, seating, etc., comforting configuration, and intelligent driving.
The direct and reverse direction of the pre- and post-control power sets is achieved, allowing for a turn radius of 3.4 metres; and the launch of the cloud-p main hydraulic body control system, which supports a maximum of 200 mm suspension trajectories with a maximum water depth of up to 1 metre, with a stronger edge on cross-country capabilities.
Figure 46: Equation Leopard sales (car) Figure 47: Equation Leopard 5 looks better than the Yadi Equation Leopard 8 is positioned as a large hard-pitched cross-country suv, attacking the high-end hard-pity market.
It's more concise than the overall design of the 8-car with a large-size bumper, a wide body set and a hang-up. On the power side, the Biadi equation 8 kinetic system is based on the Biadi super-mixed cross-country platform dm-o, capable of achieving a 4-second class of zero-100.
In the case of intelligent driving, the Biadi equation Leopard 8 is expected to carry the cloud-p smart body control system, which has a strong maximum water-related capability and supports 140 mm suspension schedule adjustments; is equipped with smart driving hardware such as high-precision cameras, radars, laser radars; and provides urban driving patterns, high-speed driving
There are many smart driving models, such as mode, off-road driving mode. In the smart cabin, the Biadi equation Leopard 8 intelligence module may be multiscreened by introducing a level 0 design that provides autopilot aids, voice control, remote control, etc.; the control platform uses a full LCD dashboard with a super-sized medium-controlled large screen.
And the design layout of the co-pilot touch screen +ar-hud. BJP 3 locates medium-sized pure hardware suv, based on the super-mixed cross-country platform of the Yadidm-o. On the outside, about 3 dimensions of the Yadi equation will be smaller than about 5 dimensions of the Yadi equation, which is closer to the Yadi equation.
A compact suv size; an interstellar car design with an overall sci-fi. On the power side, about 3 of the Biadi equation uses advanced electric motors, and the new dm-i power system provides a steady power output. On the smart side, Biadi's equation Leopard 3 is expected to carry Biadi's dipilot intelligent driver.
Auxiliary system, which contains two parts: didas and ditrainer. In the smart cabin, the Biadi equation Leopard 3 is equipped with multifunctional steering wheels, suspended liquid crystal meters and large-size control screens, and in the car, the "Influents of Everything Together Screen" has emotional expression and personalized self-defined features, as well as a vehicle-mounted drone system.
Figure 48: BJP3 Appearance Figure 49: BJP8 Appearance of the BJP market, formerly dominated by a high-priced imported vehicle, and a publicly-led industry with a national fleet of tanks
In the past, hard-core Land Cruisers were produced mainly by internationally recognized brands, with Luggers, Benzg, Toyota Prado and other imported models occupying a major share of the hard-to-land market, and 400,000-million-dollar high-end vehicles leading the hard-to-land market. In late 2020, with tank series on the market, the hard-to-life of the country became more powerful and the sales were proportional.
Continuing upscaling: 39.0 per cent, 83.7 per cent, 2020-2023 and 2024m1-6, respectively; figure 50: China ' s hard-to-land market sales and acceleration (millions; %) 300,000-500,000 yuan suv market sales, with formula leopard series models or break-ups taking over the main suv city
Field share. Equator Leopard locates new energy hardware suv, with off-road capacity and low fuel consumption, and suitable for urban driving. In 2023, sales of 30-500,000 suv were 17,52 million vehicles, of which ideal l7, Odyq 5l, ideal l8, BMX3, ideal l8, etc., were over 100,000 vehicles, glc, modelyev, glb
Classes, BMWx1, Volvoxc60, Urees 6ev sales ranged from 5 to 100,000, and the major city suv market was wide, with equation leopards or parts of the mainstream suv market.
The Division ' s high-end products have been running cars, flagship cars (projected at 2024q3), large family suv (projected at 2024q4), and priority vehicle types such as u7 (projected at 2024q3), Equation Leopard 3/8 (projected at 2024q3) at a price of 50/50 + 10,000 dollars with approximately 2.6 million fuel vehicle market space.
In terms of brand layout, in 2024, high-end products from Biadi were created with a year-long trend of z9gt (projected q3), N9 (projected q4), and N9 (projected q4).
Key models such as Equator 7 and Equation Leopard 8 will be listed in q3-q4. We're looking forward, Equator Leopard, looking up sales, profit-side up. 5.1 Profit prediction assumptions split with business.
A solid market share of the domestic base plate, accelerated roll-out of high-end vehicles, rapid growth in overseas sales, and high, cellular components and assembly operations: mainly electronic and new smart products (unmanned, smart homes, game hardware) assembled in 2023, with an income of $118.6 billion, a Māori rate of about 8.8 per cent, followed by electronic consumption
On the other hand, the company will continue to deepen its strategic cooperation with large clients, raise its share of core products from large overseas clients, and develop new product structures; on the new smart product business, the company will actively improve the layout of the ai server and its high-growth track, and I will continue to develop robustly in business panels such as drones, smart homes, games hardware, etc.
For the company’s own new energy, we've chosen the same kind of vehicle as the company’s own vehicle, the vehicle, the car, the car, the Gilly, the Great Wall, to compare it to the company’s valuation. Many times, it is higher than the company’s average. We think that the company, as the leader of the autonomous new energy source, has a leading share of the new energy source.
The emulation effects are enhanced and the profits are highly determinative; and the company is at the top, the export opportunities are high, the technology is high, the arrows are high, look up, the equation Leopard are high; the export sales are high, and the construction of global plants is accelerated, and should enjoy a valuation premium.
There is a large market space for the sale of 300 + million limousine vehicles, and there is a larger room for the upgrading of autonomous new energy sources. In 2023, the total volume of luxury cars (priced at 300 + 10,000) was 4.479,000 vehicles, or 23.9 per cent of the same price, and in 2023, the market was highly nationalized, with bba + other joint ventures of about 80 + %. Ideas, questions, voltage, kryptons, etc.
The annual share is more than 70 per cent, with the autonomous model being mainly m9, idealmega, kryptonite 009, with scarce supplies; the market of $1 million plus 10,000 is dominated by imports of luxury cars, with a share of about 70 per cent in Mercedes, Lugger, Porschecr.3 The autonomous model is only a certain breakthrough over the Yadi look-up to u8 and has greater scope for upgrading.
Luxury brands are clearly overprofited, domestic luxury brand premiums are lost, and there is much room for self-profits. On a global scale, ultra-luxury and luxury brands have obvious overprofits. Super luxury: 10,000 cars, asp2+million dollars, Māori rate of about 50%, single car net gain of 700,000 dollars; luxury: Mercedes, BMW sales.
About 2 to 2.5 million vehicles, about 400,000 dollars, a Māori rate of 15 to 23%, and a single car net gain of about $40 to $50,000. Domestically, the discount rate for joint ventures has risen sharply, and the current discount rates for luxury brands Benz, BMW, Odie are now around 30%, the entry model is gradually losing its capacity for price warfare, and brand premiums have been lost.
High-end products have grown in the years, with uplifting, equation leopards, looking up at three arrows. Companies have created cloudy markets, easy-to-fly technologies, dm-o (mixed platforms for cross-country), smart control technologies, etc.
At the brand layout level, 2024 was a high-end by Biadi, with high-end products, up to z9gt (projected q3), up to n9 (projected q4), up to u7, with an equation of about 8 and so on, priority vehicles will be listed in q3-q4.
We look forward to corporate size, globalization, high-end, intelligent resonance, adjustment of profit projections, projected 1) Downward risks in the car market: the automobile industry is cyclical and continued downswings in the economy can lead to a weakening of the car market, while competition in the automobile industry is expected to become more intense and risky;
2) The volume and demand of new models are not as high as expected: consumer demand changes over time and in the market environment. If companies fail to accurately predict changes in consumer demand or to adjust product strategies to meet market demand in a timely manner, this may result in less than expected sales of new models and risks;
3) Over-expected risk of fluctuations in raw materials: the automotive sector, particularly in the area of electric vehicles, is exposed to risks such as macroeconomic fluctuations and fluctuations in the price of raw materials, leading to difficulties and risks for the profitability of new energy vehicles; 4) less than expected pace of sea travel: exports are subject to tariff and maritime fluctuations, which may increase corporate steam
In addition, as the global trade situation changes, some countries may introduce anti-dumping and countervailing policies against Chinese cars, resulting in less than expected progress on the sea. The methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, an independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.