New energy cars have increased sales, and profits have opened up. We reaffirm Biadi's "buy-in" rating. A slight upward revision of Biadi's 2024/25 profit forecast.
The same ring has grown considerably. The effect of scale increases the price reduction in hedged domestics, pushing for a significant increase in the Biadi stock (1211.hk). We maintain our previous judgement that Biadi has a stronger ability to defend it.
As the van leader of the global new energy vehicle, Biadey remains in the lead in terms of size, cost, and technology. In February and July and August, corporate and industry promotions eased, and the valuation has a basis for upwards.
Second-quarter review of performance and profit projections: Biadi earned 39% RMB in the second quarter of this year, operating profits increased by 103% in the same year. As a result, the net profits of the company reached $9.06 billion, and the profits of the car reached $8,522, which was largely equal, with the ring rising significantly in July and August.
With 340,000 new vehicles sold, 370,000 vehicles sold, we slightly increased Biadi ' s 2024 valuation: by branch plus general valuation, we gave Biadi ' s 2024 new energy vehicles, hands, respectively
The e-business and other business rates of 27x, 18x, and 13x have been derived from the port/a share target Investment risk: demand for new energy vehicles, both domestic and overseas, has not grown as expected. Industry competition has continued to increase, and price pressure has been rising. Companies’ high-end and export-type orders have fallen short of expectations.
The cost decline slows down the company’s Māori performance. Autopilots are slow to land, or users experience less dramatic increases. Corporate input is growing faster than profit growth.
Pilgrim International, Pilgrim International, Spob International, Pilgrim International, Spobnational.
Promising and pessimistic scenarios: Port stock Pessimistic scenario: Corporate income growth below expectations Optimistic scenario: Corporate income growth is better than expected
The demand for new domestic and overseas energy-borne vehicles has grown faster, and the domestic and overseas demand for new energy vehicles has not grown as fast as expected: the penetration rate has increased further, driving the higher income growth in Biadi;
Industry competition continues to increase and downward pressure rises, while costs are better than expected than Yadi's high brands and sea trips, and significant hedges slow down and drag companies' car profitability performance;
(a) The impact of lower prices on profitability in the domestic market;
The speed of autopilot landing, consumer perception and user experience Ping-Yin International spdbi optimism and pessimism scenario: a share
Pessimistic scenario: corporate incomes are growing less than expected Optimistic scenario: corporate incomes are growing better than expected Demand for new energy cars in the domestic and overseas sectors is growing less than expected
(a) The demand for new domestic and overseas energy use vehicles has grown faster, penetration has increased further and has contributed to faster income growth in Biadi;
(b) The impact of lower prices on profitability in the domestic market;
The company's high-end and export-type orders fell short of expectations; autopilots landed well and companies were in the forefront of the industry; autopilots landed slowly, consumer perceptions and user experiences.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been prepared by the Cards Group-Phi Jin International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as “Phi Jin International Securities”) which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing Comments on Securities).
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. Your Excellency shall not interpret the contents of this report as an opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal or any other financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. This report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, in addition to a description of historical data.
These forward-looking statements may be based on assumptions that are limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect Poo-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Seong’s position on international securities.
There is no law under which Pulse International or any of its directors and/or employees may incur any loss to an investor arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it. ]