Scaled, globalized, high-end, tram taps into the new up-to-date cycle of automobiles and cars into the new phase of competition. Starting in 2024, the penetration rate of new energy vehicles has gradually passed by 50%.
Industry competition has entered the durability phase, markets have become more sophisticated and competitive, and the fuel vehicle market has been seized by new energy vehicles at an accelerated rate in the context of excess capacity, industry competition has intensified, and prices have become more intense.
(b) New product cycle: targeted new delivery (ao-grade gulls, Songl Focus B); dm5.0 technology with Qin l+ seal 06, reduced fuel consumption to 2.9l, and continued breakthroughs.
52 weeks of top/lowest price Technology labels are gradually formed, with more than 242 h2 dm5 vehicles expected to be launched, and the monthly marketing hub expected to be upgraded. (High end) Lei: brand break-up, car-type matrix growth. High end vehicle market space (over 300,000)
Biadi uses multi-brand tactics to promote high-end strategies (136,000 high-end brands in 23 years, with less than 4 per cent): 1) move to position luxury new energy vehicles, covering between 250,000 and 600,000 price zones; 2) equation leopards to locate new energy personalized brands, overwrite
The following three brands have been launched, with a double gain for support companies. (Expiring) Leisure: Channel + Production + Product Drive, opening up new space. Biadi's 23-year vehicle exports.
243,000 vehicles, i.e. +334 per cent of the same year, looking forward to the next 1) progressive delivery; 2) continuous input from channels, in depth cooperation, in the form of well-developed, large distributors and wide-ranging networked expansion channels; planning of the maritime transport system, and consolidation of freight capacity. 3) Overseas capacity development: land construction in Thailand, Hungary, Brazil, Uzbekistan, etc.
Biyadi (002594.sz) - Quarterly Māori Rings up, Outward and High-end Bottom: Technological Innovation, Supply Chain Integration and Downfall. Biyadi values R & D (23 years close R & D investment).
Biadi (002594.sz) 2023 net profits increased by 81 per cent from the same year, exports were 40 billion yuan higher, R & D over 100,000 people) with deep layouts, performances, leading industries, and multiple technologies under platformed strategic architecture (dm super-mixed, pure e-platforms, etc.)
Biadi (002594.sz) - The net return profit for the first three quarters increased by 129% over the same period, and the goods are commonly used to accelerate the effective amortization of R & D costs.
Investments in lithium mines, igbt, etc., and downstream focus on full-car operations, and mature support systems have brought about innovations (technology from Biadi (002594.sz) - publication of cross-country brand equations, product matrix individualization), efficiency (substantial synergies) and cost (high self-regulation + enhanced bargaining power).
Profit forecasting and valuation: upwinding, taking into account the stability of the company's base plate operations and the speed of high-end and seaboarding: industry is entering a new phase of competition, Biadi is expected to open the industry: new energy penetration is out of 50%, industry enters the durability race
The country's new energy auto industry has grown at a high rate, and the industry has entered a new phase of competition. The country's new energy automobile production has made a breakthrough of 40 per cent a year. According to the Association, 958.7.9495 million new energy products were sold in 2023, compared to 47 per cent of domestic retail penetration in the same year, compared to 14 pct. According to the third week of May 2024, the country is at risk.
At this point, we believe that competition in the automotive industry will gradually move to a durable phase, with markets becoming more sophisticated and more competitive. Figure 1: Changes in penetration rates of new domestic energy vehicles and passenger cars
At the 50% weekly penetration rate for new energy vehicles, industry competition has intensified, facing overutilization: 2) production overcapacity: 3) price wars have continued to develop three characteristics: 3,704 million vehicles, with a capacity utilization rate of 58%, or 3.85 million units, are completely idle.
Tens of thousands (some of the conventional fuel vehicle production capacity can be co-produced with new energy vehicles) and 58 per cent of the capacity utilization rate; the output of the entire plant in 2023, the volume of sales (MCA) and the capacity of the current plant (marklines) are calculated to calculate the level of capacity utilization of the sub-brands.
At present, the overall capacity utilization rate in the industry is around 60%, with the US, German, Korean and other departments having a lower capacity utilization rate, and the decline in the capacity utilization of legal firms (marks, snow and iron dragons, Renault, etc.).b. In autonomous brands, Biadi (the advantage of the new energy pipeline), the ideal car (the new model), the curious
Swe (export-led growth) and Chang An have a high capacity utilization rate.c. New-Power firms generally have a capacity utilization rate of around 50 per cent, and the volume of vehicle sales has not yet reached the scale effect point.
Figure 2: Sales by major car manufacturers in 2023 (millions)
At this stage, more segmented markets are being dug up, with more participants participating, followed by more competitive competition than hard work. Against a background of overcapacity, the fuel-car market continues to be seized by the new energy car market, leading to increased competition in the industry.
According to the trend towards a change in the range of traditional vehicle promotions, industry sales in 2023 were higher than in the same period and continued to rise, reaching 18.7% in December, implying a sharper price battle. In 2022-2023, Tesla opened the price of fuel trucks in the east wind, and since March, the joint company in Hubei Province has launched several companies.
The price of the Biadi Qin Plasdm-i Glory Guide was 7.98-12.58 per year, the price of the Qin Plasev Exalted Price Starter was reduced to $109.98 million (with a decrease of $20,000) and the destroyer ' s 05 Exalteration Guide was $798-12.88 million (with a reduction of $2.22 million) and the price was further explored.
Figure 5: Average price index for China ' s passenger vehicle market, Figure 6: FMC National Car Price Index Monitoring: Preferential Lines ($) Table 1: Vehicle-wide enterprise cleans up events
Biadi: Retrieval and outlook, technology and size advantages, and the new cycle is expected to start, and we think that Biadi's stock prices can be divided into three stages: adjustment, exploration and accumulation (listed to 2019): ongoing progress of Biadi at the end of the technology and product.
During the development, exploration, and grinding phase, one, two, three and three generations of dm technologies were released, product planning was built in two major departments of the Royal Dynasty +e series, and the strategic focus was gradually shifting from traditional to new energy vehicles.
But after 22 years, industry is worried about a slowdown in the penetration of new energy sources, increased competition in the industry, and Biyadi's more than a year of adjustment, during which the Byadi grinding technology (pure power platform plus dm technology) is finished.
A good product matrix, accompanied by continuous reserves of exports and high-ends, will provide the next round of growth.
The order volume has risen rapidly; 2 exports: regional channels in South-East Asia, Europe, Latin America, etc., have continued to expand, and product delivery and production capacity have steadily advanced; 3 high-end: power and equation leopards, looking at new cars as soon as possible. On the whole, we believe that Biadi is on the verge of a new upward cycle.
This paper analyses Jadi mainly from three angles: the base plate, the high end, and the sea, and we think Biadi is looking forward to a new cycle of up-to-date growth: a share for price, a share for growth (exports and high end), and a return on growth in real terms: 1; pattern.
The money comes from domestic competitors, and the Biadi share rises: new domestic energy growth slows down, moves into durable competitions and price wars, subsides tactics brought about by the integration and size of the Biadeo supply chain, while new product cycles (dm5.0) bring technological advantage to the joint ventures further swirling, gradually surpassing Viet Nam.
Ten thousand ... domestic sales are expected to reach around 3.5 million by 2024 by Biadi: 2. Growing money comes from exits and high-end: exports and high-end exports as a whole are in the 0-1 phase, Biadi exports continue to be laid out, products are delivered in a gradual manner, productive areas are expected to escape customs duties, and high-end is about to rise.
The product cycle, which is expected to increase in both measure and quantity, still has considerable scope for improvement. The reasons for this may be a certain deviation, depending on the company; and 2) some new models, such as seals 06 and Qinl, are temporarily not classified as main vehicles owing to their low risk in May.
The domestic passenger vehicle market has maintained a high level of concentration over time. According to the Federation, in 2023, bulk sales by car were 39 per cent (+5 per cent for the same year), 59 per cent (+2 per cent for the same year) and 59 per cent (+2 per cent for the same year). Changes in the pattern of competition by the passenger vehicle are now internal structural changes, new energy sources (Byadi, Tesla) and autonomous fuels (Chire, Gilly, Long).
The increase in share comes mainly from the phase-out of the tail joint venture and the decline in the share of the head joint venture. 56%. Behind this is the competitiveness of the car-type cycle, where the new energy transformation is led mainly by autonomous brands, and the start of a new cycle of the country’s new energy vehicles (in 2023, China’s brand took up the share of new energy products in the vehicle fleet).
There are two major differences between the pattern of competition between new energy and passenger vehicles as a whole: 1) the concentration of new energy sources is now higher than the concentration of new vehicles, and the head effect is still apparent; 2) pattern
In January 2024, the new energy supply, which was narrowly distributed by car, rose to a point where competition in the industry was expected to increase with the number of new vehicles in 24 years. Ten thousand vehicles, or about 15% of Biadi’s price range, were expected to raise their share by two main tactics:
1) Downfall tactics: profit surpluses under size and cost advantage, supporting the price of the glory-based model and increasing the abundance of the respective priced model. 2) New product (dm5.0) cycle: targeted new product delivery (seagus advance a0, Songl focus joint venture b);
dm5 technology leads to Qinl+ SEAL06, fuel consumption is reduced to 2.9l, orders are broken, technology labels are coming up, more than 24h2 dm5 models are expected to be launched, new product cycles are expected to open, and the monthly marketing hub is expected to continue. (High end) Lei: brand break-up, model matrix growth.
3.45 million vehicles, or 16.5% of the total, and higher-end market profitability is generally higher than low-priced cars, and the higher-end market is not easy to ignore. The three high-end brand sales in Biadi in 2023 were 136,000 (up-risk 119,000), with less than 4% of the total share. The company’s high-end adoption of a multi-brand strategy is: 1) to position luxury new energy vehicles, covering prices.
Two hundred and fifty-six thousand-six thousand blocks, including, inter alia, tweaking d9, n7, e.g., 2) Equation Leoparding New Energy Personalisation Cards, with product coverage of hard-pixed suv, etc., 3) look at brands for a million-grade high-end market. Following up, looks, and equation panthers are new, and it is expected that the follow-up high-end matrix will continue to improve, leading to overall high-end sales.
10,000 vehicles, 57.9 per cent more than Japan became the world ' s largest vehicle exporter, of which 1203,000 new energy vehicles exported, or +77.6 per cent, were exported by car in Biadi in 23 years, or 243,000 vehicles in 23 years, or +334 per cent, looking forward to the following 1): the product matrix continued to be rich, with new surges of d9, shark, etc.; 2) canals
Continuous inputs: exports cover 80+ countries and regions, with deep cooperation in terms of quality and wide distribution of large distributors; maritime transport systems are planned to enhance cargo capacity; overseas production capacity is advanced: motorized plants are built in Thailand, Hungary, Brazil, Uzbekistan, etc., to improve efficiency in meeting demand and to facilitate reasonable evasion.
Tariffs, increased competitiveness. Thanks to the continuous upgrading of the company ' s vehicle-type matrix for exports, and construction overseas plants, which are expected to reach 700,000 to 1 million vehicles in the following year, export sales are expected to increase continuously as the company becomes more productive.
Bottom: technological innovation, supply chain integration and downscaling. The development of a vehicle based on a platform-based strategy, vertical supply chain consolidation and efficiency gains. Biadi focuses on R & D, with nearly $40 billion in R & D, over 100,000 R & D staff over 23 years, deep layouts for dm blending and pure power technologies, leading the industry with performance advantages, and smartness.
Starting power: multiple technologies under the platformed strategic architecture (dm super-mixed, dmo off-road, pure power e platforms, etc.) are now common to facilitate the effective amortization of research and development costs. In addition, the Biadi medium layout battery and other electrodynamic components, upstream investment in lithium mines, expansion of the igbt, downstream expansion of the whole car business, and overall coverage.
The integration of vertical industrial chains and their comprehensive layout in the area of new energy vehicles have the advantage of innovation (technology self-research), efficiency (synergization should be significant) and cost (high self-regulation + improved bargaining power) in Biadi.
Bottom: Innovation, integration and downscaling Core view: The development of a vehicle based on a platform-based strategy and vertical integration of supply chain efficiency gains. Biadi focuses on development, with R & D costs close to $40 billion over 23 years, R & D personnel over 100,000, and both dm blending and pure electricity technologies.
There is a deep layout, with superior performances leading the industry, and intelligent areas are beginning to flourish; multiple technologies under the platformed strategic architecture (dm super-mixing, dmo off-road, pure power e platforms, etc.) are common and promote the effective amortization of R & D costs. In addition, the Biadi medium layout battery and other electrically intelligent parts are invested upstream in lithium mines,
Expanding areas such as igbt, downstream, and full-scale vehicle operations to form a fully-fledged, fully-fledged and integrated system of the new energy automobile industry. The integration of vertical industrial chains and the comprehensive layout of the new energy vehicle sector bring innovation (technology self-research), efficiency (synergizing) and cost (self-responsible) to Biadi.
The advantage of this is that the company’s growth is the basis of its growth. Figure 13: Biadi’s and competitor’s bicycle R & D costs (millions of dollars) e Platform 3.0 is a purely electric exclusive platform officially released by Biadi on 19 April 2021.
The multi-car configuration e-platforms 3.0, including the dollar plus champions, dolphins, Songl, and so on. The entire vehicle is equipped with knives, blades, batteries are integrated into the body, and the entire vehicle is doubled in size and security is enhanced through a pure electrical exclusive transmission path.
Twelve-by-one smart power systems and fast-loaded technology upgrades the system ' s capabilities: e-platforms start with 12-by-one smart power systems with 99.86 per cent power control efficiency and 92 per cent system integration efficiency. The system integrates the most high-voltage power generators in the world, 23,000 rpm, straight-flow converters, carbonated silicon, etc.
Smart lift, double-gun fast-loading, etc. High-efficiency heat pump technology in the intelligent wide-temperature field reduces energy consumption. e Platform uses 16-to-1 high-efficiency heat management integrated modules, reducing heat management energy consumption by 20%.
The platform uses a ctb-wide safety structure to enhance vehicle crash safety.
Increased safety performance is 60%, with a shift to a pre-security transmission structure to increase the resistance of the crew room by 50%. Intraskeletal ctb security structure and trb integrated submarine-class thermal formation, 1,500 mpa-class super-high steel shut-off, pressure across beams, 50-ton heavy-card crushing high-security ctb battery bags, etc. enhances regional vehicle strength.
The smart motion control technology cluster adapts to a variety of driving scenarios.e Platforms are equipped with a completely new motion control structure with power-deck integration, including kinetic state recognition, electron self-awareness recognition and image recognition. Tic smart torque control systems increase the speed of smoothing recognition by 50 ms, reducing the speed of scooting by 40% and the angles around the wheel.
The platform supports the opening of the software and hardware interfaces using a smart domain control structure that enhances 50 per cent control efficiency through high-integral domain control, reduces the interactive sounding and response time, and the autonomous bydos enhances the control and responsiveness of the tram.
Combination: dm interpolation technology dm is a hybrid technology designed to improve the fuel efficiency and performance of vehicles. Biadi developed dm technology from 2008 until May 2024, when the fifth generation was officially released. The technology includes dm-i super-mixing,
Dm-p King mixed and dmo super-mixed cross-country platforms. First generation dm (2008): first generation dm technical design concept is energy-efficient and technology-oriented, with a double power (p1p3 structure) and a single-speed deceleration structure of 1.0 litres self-absorbing three-cylinder motors.
Combining with, and connecting to, three drivers, using the global first plug-in hybrid-f3dm model, marks the success of the Chinese car company in breaking the Japanese monopoly of technology and creating a route for plug-in technology. b. Second generation dm (2013): second generation dm technology was changed from p1p3 to p3p4 from the original p1p3 structure
The structure, using a multi-speed dct joined-up structure, represents the Biadi Qindm model. With a 5.9-second acceleration, it took the lead on the then autonomous brand. Downdm then integrated into the p4 engine on the basis of p3 and built " 542 Technologies" (in a 100-km acceleration of 5s, 4-km power and 2-km fuel).
c. Third generation dm (2018): the main change relative to the second generation of dm is that the third generation dm technology, by adding to the Poendbsg electric power plant, complements the shortcomings of high and low energy consumption, high oil consumption and weak power, and upgrades the torque control system at the same time in order to improve smoothness. The model of the vehicle is Tang dm (100 km acceleration 4.5s).
d. Fourth-generation dm (2021), dm-p and dm-i two-platform strategies: dm-p refers to Powerful, extremely fast and high performance; dm-i is an intelligent to meet low energy demand. Fourth-generation dm technologies generate 3.8l for 100 km of oil loss and create a “3” era of oil consumption.
From the first generation of dmi-led pure electricity and plug-in products, to the second and third generation of fuel-car-based development programmes, to the fourth generation of pure electricity innovation in the direction of “multiple power, less oil”, Biadi continues to be excellent in integrating power-infused technologies.
The greatest advantage of dm-i is derived mainly from the engine control system, the power control system and the battery management system.
Heart control systems. Clouds-plugged 1.5l high-efficiency engines with a global lead heat efficiency of 43.04%, 15.5:1 ultra-high compression ratio, using Atkinson cycling, cooling egr, sub-cooling, ultra-low friction, non-wheel design industry leading technology.
The maximum efficiency is 97.5 per cent, and the efficiency zone is 90.3 per cent (the efficiency area is more than 90 per cent). dm-i is super-mixed with a special power blade cell, designed with phosphate lithium thermal stability and blade structure, to build ultra-safe and very long-lived power cells through a variety of stringent safety tests.
In the case of Nedc, the loss of electricity consumed only 3.8l/100km, with a combined extension of 1245km, and with a strong incentive to accelerate 7.3s by 100 km, far from the same level of 2.0t fuel vehicle.
Table 6: Three core pillars of Biadidm-i technology: 5l (principally economic) and 1.5ti (principally high performance) plugged in special engines; 1.5l high-efficiency engines with a global lead heat efficiency of 43.04 per cent, 15.5: super high compression ratio, using Atkinson cycling, cooling egr, cooling, ultra low friction, none
The wheel-designed industry leading technology inherited the idea of the first-generation dm hybrid system as a "mixed special transformer" ; the maximum transmission speed of the motor was 16,000 rpm; the flat-line ehs system.
With a maximum efficiency of 97.5% and an efficiency area of up to 90.3% (efficiency area is more than 90%), the industry is at the top, with a high power multiplier and a flexible mix of "mixed special power blade batteries" . With phosphate lithium thermal stability and blade structure, the blade cells pass a variety of stringent safety tests; and phosphate is stable in the material crystal structure and heat management system, which guarantees the blade battery.
Long-lived, super-safe and super-life power cells. The dm5 system is expected to open a new cycle of new products. Fifth-generation dm technologies achieve power performance and energy efficiency. On May 28, 2024, Biadi launched the fifth generation.
dm technology, achieving three of the world's highest: the world's highest volume blending engine heat efficiency, 46.06%; the world's lowest 100 km of electricity deficit, 2.9l; the generation of the “2” era; and the world's longest combined 2,100 m2 fleet, which is three times higher than that of a fuel vehicle.
Increase of 70.28 per cent to reduce the loss of energy flow paths, resulting in an overall efficiency of 92 per cent; 2) load-input blending of blade batteries, with an increase in energy density of 15.9 per cent.3 The heating management structure of the entire temperature area consists of pre-air chamber heat management, battery heat management, cabin heat management to ensure that vehicles save energy in low-temperature environments; 4) mental energy melting
Combining electrical structures, integrated interpling power domain controls, together, achieves a power density increase of 18.3 per cent; 5) chip integration achieves a combination of vcu (voltage control unit) and double mcu (electric control unit), increases chip computing by 146 per cent, and enhances the integration and performance of the entire vehicle.
The introduction of plug-in technologies often leads to new growth. With the release of dmi, in 2021 the sales of Biadi plugs increased to 527,000 vehicles, or +231.5 per cent of the year, followed by dmp, a ten-hour pre-sale order of handm-i, dm-p, or more than 12,000, and a gradual increase to about 70 per cent of the market.
On the night of May 28, 2024, Biadi officially released the fifth generation dm hybrid technology, together with two models for carrying the technology: Qinldm-i, seal 06dm-i. The dm5 technology is on hold, and Biadi is expected to start a new cycle.
In May 2024, Biadi launched a dm5 technology, which started with a Qinl+ SEAL06, which was located in mid-class cars, with a price of 998,000, reduced fuel consumption to 2.9l, high market exploration, continued breakout of orders, and the "dm5 technology" gradually became brand labeled. 24h2 started with a multidm5 model (Son plusdm, Songldm) is expected to be rolled out.
Overall, Biadi’s new product cycle is expected to start gradually, and the monthly marketing hub is expected to continue. Smartening: A whole-of-a-car smart strategy.
The whole car's smartness combines electric and intellectual efficiency through a schizophrenic structure. The whole car's smartness breaks down barriers between systems, captures changes in the internal and external environment, aggregates information between milliseconds for decision-making and quickly adjusts the vehicle's state.
In 2023, Biadei launched a four-way architecture, a cloudy smart body control system, an eye-to-eye smart driving support system in which the eye-to-eye smart driving support system is self-researching hardware, software, and algorithms.
It builds a system-level solution for self-researching cars. Biadi's first two-cycle multi-moderated ai-ai model, which applies artificial intelligence to the whole area of the vehicle.  has the largest data base in the industry, the industry's leading sample size and high arithmetic, covering more than 300 scenes of the entire car, giving the whole car the ability to evolve continuously.
Diagram 22: Biadi's "a whole-car smart" intelligent layout In the field of smart driving, a completely new dipilot smart driving platform, the "Eye of God" high-level intelligent driving support, and the delivery of production in volume, also became the country's first vehicle company to obtain a Level 1-3 test license.
Keeping down the intellectual driving threshold to accelerate the diffusion of intellectual driving at more advanced technological and competitive costs. In the smart cabin area, a new dilink smart cabin platform, full-scale satellite communications, vehicle-mounted drone systems, full-scope smart voice, etc.
Figure 23: Biadi Smart Airspace and Smart Driving Layouts. Researchers lead the world ' s car companies, and intelligent layouts continue to advance. Biadi Researchers, over 100,000, are the largest car companies in the world. In the field of smart driving, there are more than 4,000 Biadi engineers.
At present, self-research on hardware and software is being carried out, and the results include a global first-ever vehicle-based platform, self-researching operating systems, algorithms, etc., designed and built by the entire garage. In addition, Biadi has set up its own multi-terrestrial experimental centre with analogues, closed sites, physical roads, network security and data security, software upgrades, data recording, etc.
At the same time, Biadi proposes to invest 5 billion dollars in building the world’s first full-territory, professional, and research and development system. Figure 24: Biadi’s research and development system
Figure 25: Biadei's investment in the field, released on the day of the Leisure and Cloudy Technology Platform and launched on September 20, with a lookout for the u8 model.
Technologies such as integration and vehicle stability vector control. The power plant is a core power source for the entire vehicle, independently controls each wheel, and achieves a single wheel drive, brake, forward and backward function: Perception: A full vehicle-wide integration sense achieves a full range of motor status. In addition to an intelligent driving sensor,
Make full use of the perceived advantages of the wheel-side motor, far above the perceived efficiency and accuracy of the conventional fuel vehicle, real-time visualization of the vehicle's four-wheel motion state, providing rich visual data support for vehicle traffic control. Control: central computing platform, high synergy of domain control structures.
High-speed, secure data information transfer capability between domain and domain controls allows a four-way platform to integrate effectively multi-module sensing signals from other domains. The central controller and the domain control are controlled through real-time interoperability information and control strategies such as high bandwidth, low-time delay, high-security vehicle loads, etc.
Implementation: Four power units can be configured to achieve a true four-wheel independent drive, with four-wheel power controlled independently and precisely according to the driving scene requirements.
The power of the system covers 220 kw~240kw, torque 320 nm~420 nm, with efficiency of 97.7 per cent, with a maximum speed of 20,500 rpm and a full vehicle of 1,000. Moreover, the speed of the pre- and post-positioned locks further strengthens the ability to cross the border and achieve a three-second 100-km acceleration.
The platform uses a completely new carbonated silicon technology with a maximum efficiency increase of 99.5%, an increase in current output capacity of 50%, a 100% increase in power density, an increase in the efficiency of the whole process.
Independent control of the vehicle, maximum anti-sliding control, and body stability control to achieve maximum control of the vehicle's full-scale situation create a greater driving potential. Distributed controllers achieve real-time interoperability of sensor information through high bandwidth, low-time delay, high-security vehicle networks, combined with a high-calculation chip from the central computing platform.
Combining perception, decision-making, control and cloud data closures to achieve precision intelligence control of the quadruple power system, Figure 26: Three central control technologies that make it easier for the four power units to be independently driven, fully integrated, stable vector control.
A technology platform. Four power units form the core power source of the entire vehicle, each power unit independently controls each wheel, adjusts separately the different speeds and torque combinations, achieves the drive, brakes, moves and retreats of each wheel, not only is the power stronger, but also achieves the complete decoupling of the four wheels torque and torque direction, four
The torque of the wheels can be large and small, but positive and negative. At the same time, the ability of the Quadrant to give the vehicle a super-facile attitude adjustment is to look at u8 as a hard-to-peer Land Cruiser model with a very low capacity of fuel Land Cruisers and other electric Land Cruisers.
The vacuum made cvc wheels forward, and the wheels turned back, and then they turned back. The parking lot stopped, and the break-through exits took a new way.
In extreme scenarios where four wheels of effort are different (e.g. outdoors), each electric machine is able to “locally fit” into the proper outdoor torque of the wheel to ensure that the vehicle moves smoothly in the extreme environment.
With only one wheel with a strong extreme, the Quadrant can also achieve a single output power that will help u8 get out of the extreme. The inner wheels turn slowly, the outer wheels turn fast, and there's an agile turn. Let u8's minimum turn diameter be within 12 meters, and have the flexibility to turn.
Flexibility, like a-a-0 sedan. If you meet a left-front tire in a high-speed drive, you can lower the right wheel to twist, control the left wheel to twist, and allow the vehicle to respond to an outbreak in three wheels.
As the ice and snow surfaces move, the four wheels are dynamically resized and directed in real time, allowing the body to remain stable at all times.
A low-intensity, high-intensity on one side of a vehicle in transit can reduce the torque and turn speed of high-strength tyres, increase the torque in low-strength water, speed and torque of tyres, so that u8 does not “float” and does not “out of control” when moving along the water cycle.
The idea of integrating the senses into the depths of motorization and intelligence. The ease of integrating traditional real-time data, such as customary conductivity, electro-rotation rotation speed, video cameras, laser radars, millimetre-wave radars, high-precision positioning, etc., enhances the rapid and accurate sensing of vehicles for all types of signals.
Based on a wealth of information, four power units achieve vector control on the size and direction of the drive of each wheel. Clouds were released in April 2023, the world’s first energy-only smart body control system, systematization.
Considering the proximate control of a new energy vehicle, cloud-column integration, decision-making, control, interaction, etc., has the technical advantages of high-intelligent, safe, stable driving and full-covering. These include cloud-c smart resistance body control systems, cloud-a smart air body control systems, cloud-p smart hydraulic body control systems, cloud-x.
Intelligent all-active body control systems and cloud-z heights are integrated into suspended power plants. Clouds-c-intelligent vehicle control systems are made compatible with vehicle comfort and motion. Clouds-a-intelligent air body control systems are designed to provide a higher level of comfort, support and passivity for the entire vehicle and to create a new luxuries. Clouds-p-intellectual hydraulic body.
The cloud system brings about a safe upgrade through a variety of performances. The cloud system uses the rapid adjustment and arithmetic boost of power and intelligent advantage in different driving scenarios, by curbing the right and left side of the body, before and after it.
Upside-down and up-down vibrations provide users with a smooth driving experience. Smart road previews, intelligent high-altitude adjustments, and camping equality models achieve multiple needs of drivers. On board, cloud-p will look up to u8; cloud-a will push n7; cloud-c hardware is already in place.
On the partial configuration version of the Biadehan, Don and Tungd9, the system will be upgraded to the Cloudy-c system through the Ota. The cloudy system will continue to be mounted on the Dynasty Sea Flagship, on the air, on the rise, on the lookout, and on the personalized branding of the industry, with the upgrading of the entire Yadi brand, driving the development of the luxury cars of the new energy age.
Clouds can be effective in containing changes in the shape of the vehicle and, in the case of high-speed bendings, in controlling the right and left side of the body and maintaining a more comfortable driving posture; in the case of rapid additions and decelerations, they can be effective in controlling the back and back of the vehicle and avoiding the discomfort of the car; and in the event of a bumping road, they can be effective in controlling the back and back.
It can be effective in containing the vibrations on the vehicle, providing users with a smooth driving experience. The cloud system can protect the body effectively in the face of complex road conditions, such as snow, mud, water, etc., to avoid damage to the whole of the vehicle caused by the terrain, to improve the comfort and safety of the vehicle, and to achieve dual protection for people and vehicles.
Figure 28: Cloudy effectively represss the tipping edges Figure 29: Cloudy Product Matrix Subtract, Supply Chain Integration
Deep layout, vertical integration of the new energy car industry. Biadi's middle-stream business battery (Byadi started power cell development in 1996) is the starting point for upstream investment in lithium mines, expansion of semiconductor areas such as igbt, downstream expansion of the whole vehicle business, medium-stream further expansion of auto power and smart parts operations, final shape.
The integration of vertical industrial chains and their comprehensive layout in the area of new energy vehicles bring innovation (technology self-research), efficiency (synergizing) and the advantage of cost (high self-regulation + improved bargaining power).
Upstream: A multi-modal depth layout of raw materials Upstream of the industrial chain, Biadi secures lithium resources for power cell production in a variety of ways, including 1) strategic investments, participation in lithium resource enterprises, and the establishment of a connection between lithium products such as lithium carbonate
Cooperation; 2) Co-arrangement with the Lithium Resources Company; 3) Purchase of Lithium Mine Rights, etc. Middle-Swain: Vertical Integration of Automotive Smart Parts and Components In Medium-Swain, Biadi values the development of core power cell technology, active battery production, process, etc.
On this basis, in March 2020, Biadi announced the establishment of five Fordi companies, namely, Fodie Battery, Fody Visuals, Ferdy Technologies, Ferdy Power and Ferdi Modules, to further integrate car electric smart parts and components, while Biadi semiconductors.
Products such as igbt, sic devices are also continuing to deepen the layout. Fordy Battery: The predecessor is Biadi Lithium Battery Ltd., established in 1998. Fordy Battery has 100% \triangleright
Autonomous R & D, design and production capacity, with product coverage in the areas of consumption type 30 batteries, power cells and storage cells, ladder utilization, and in the field of new materials and technologies, the development and production of numerous scientific research results, applications in the fields of IT, new energy sources, automobiles, light-track transport, etc., are completed.
Biadi has an industry-wide chain layout ranging from mineral resource development to battery pack output; technically, deep material research and development power, excellent power cores and capping design capability; well-established large-scale, fully automated production lines at international leadership; currently, products cover nickel hydrogen batteries, cobalt-acid lithium batteries.
Lithium phosphate batteries, three-dollar batteries, are widely used in electronics, electric cars, storage energy, etc. Launched in March of the year, in July of the year, 2020 was gradually applied to purely electric models such as Han, Songpus, Qinpus, dolphins, seals, etc.
50%, reduce resistance to short circuit circuits, reduce heat, thereby reducing the failure rate, extending up to a distance of 700 km, with a single battery bag that can withstand 46 tons of heavy card crushing. Blade cells use phosphate lithium materials, with high heat, stability, reduced capacity decline, support more than 3,000 discharges, transport 1.2 million kilometres, and are capable of doing so.
Maintain blind fire and smoke-free smoke in needle penetration tests. 2) ctb (celltobody) tank body integration technology to improve car integration, space utilization, fuel economy and safety by combining blade batteries with the depth of body structure, and to turn the whole vehicle into 40,500 n m/o
Launched in May of this year, the Seals model. Figure 31: Biadectb technology Freddy vision: focuses on vehicle lighting and signal system-related products, especially led — a new generation and a half.
The development and manufacture of lighting products for motor vehicles has resulted in the development of a total of over 50 vehicle-type lights and rear-view mirrors, which are known as the “China Light Mill.” Freddy Science and Technology: 16 years of research and development, production, marketing, breakthroughs and mastery of electronics and chassis for cars.
A large amount of motor electronics and chassis technology, with 10 major product lines, covers the three main areas of automobiles, commercial cars, rails, and traffic, with a total supply of more than 170 products for Biadi's bulk-producing model.
\triangleright Energy Motors Integrated Solutions Development, Main Business is Automotive Combination.
Team \triangleright, world-class digital processing equipment and professional car white body and parts welding production lines, identified for many years through national high-tech companies.
Freddy’s drive has long been dedicated to the development of a fuel-car-driven solution, a new-energy vehicle-driven solution, and a new-energy-integrated solution. Professional white body and parts welding lines have been identified for many years by state-owned high-tech companies.
In the area of motor vehicles, the firm relies on a deep accumulation of vehicle-class semiconductor research and development applications and has produced products such as gbt, sic devices, ipm, mcu, cos image sensors, Biadi semiconductors, electromagnetic sensors, led light sources and displays for use in motor vehicle power drive control systems, whole-car heat management systems, body control systems, battery management systems, etc.
Car-borne image systems, lighting systems, etc. Biadi semiconductor: Biadi subsidiary of Biadi semiconductor system, mainly engaged in the development, production and sale of power semiconductors, smart controls, smart sensors and photovoltaic semiconductors, covering electricity, light, magnetics.
In the area of cars, based on the volume of vehicle semiconductor research and development applications, the Biadi semiconductor has measured the production of car coded gbt, sic devices, ipm, mcu, cos image sensors, electromagnetic sensors, led light sources and displays, etc.
In 2020, the Biadi semiconductor maintained the second-highest and first-highest-ranking global producer in China’s new energy power-borne motor-drive control, using the igbt module.
Figure 32: Biadi semiconductor model product, Biadi semiconductor, with a ratio of over half of the associated income. There is a continuous and effective feedback mechanism between Biadi semiconductor and Biadi, with $2.01 billion in 2021 of Biadi semiconductor revenue.
From the Biadi Group, with 63.4% collaboration, Biadi has more bottom demand and whole-of-the-art semiconductor applications, and the reliability of the product has been fully validated. The balance and optimization of performance indicators for enabling products, and better environmental and supportive environments for more technological R&D and product overlaps.
Figure 33: Biadi has the full industrial chain capability of igbt, downstream depth layouts, downstream, by using its power cell technology and the branded advantage of autonomous new energy vehicles to achieve new energy sources.
A full range of power cell services such as the sale, use, sale, and recycling of motor batteries. Meanwhile, Biadi Motor Gold provides consumers with a variety of financial programmes, including technological and financial transitions, financial product innovation, business services covering Biadi-related brands, and facilitates the purchase of cars. Biadi is also in the field of storage and solar energy.
By and large, Biadi integrates deep upstream and downstream supply chains, with critical components such as three power systems, heat management, electrical appliances, chassis systems, and auto structures all self-produced. At the same time, the distribution of the supply chain on the industrial chain is enhanced by increasing the autonomy of the supply chain, avoiding the lack of power from the core, and providing security for the expansion of sales.
It also boosts Biadi's bargaining power in the context of partial extraction of spare parts. Biadi transforms into a highly vertically integrated industrial system, building the company's industrial chain, bringing innovation, efficiency, and the amount of cost (fundamental plate): Glory version to the basic plate, dm5 to open.
New cycle Core view: Glory version price strategy +dm5 with new product cycle, keeping the fundamentals in place. Overall, 2706,000 Byadi retail sales in 2023, with 12.5% of the total market in the car.
The subsequent increase in Biadi’s base share is expected to be achieved mainly through two main tactics: 1) price wars and sinking tactics: increasing competitiveness through the release of a glorious version of the car, exploring the price of the car, and increasing the abundance of the various prices with the vehicle. For example, 100,000-15 million price bands, on the one hand, lower prices for former dolphins, Yuan plus, Qinplus, and so on, on the other.
(b) Technology plus new product cycles: on the one hand, targeting new products, such as seagulls marching into the ao-class segment market, first paragraph
In May, the Dm5 technology was launched, with an initial launch of Qin l+ SEAL 06, with a price of 998,000, fuel consumption reduced to 2.9l, high market exploration, continued breakout of orders, “dm5 technology” is gradually becoming brand labeled, and 24h2 is starting to roll out a multidm5 model (as Song is expected).
Plusdm-i, Songldmi, etc.), where pure electricity will be followed by new products, the new Biadi product cycle is expected to open gradually, and the monthly marketing hub is expected to continue its search.
North-South populars are at the top of domestic car sales in the traditional car era, with sales of more than 4 million in 2017-2019, 3.02 million vehicles in Biadi in 2023, i.e. +61.9 per cent in the same year, and the annual Chinese car crown and the global new energy car.
In 2024, domestic sales in Biadi were expected to reach nearly 3.5 million, a new peak. The Royal Dynasty and the Ocean’s two main product lines were the Biadi’s core base plate, covering between 5 and 250,000 price zones (some of which were more than 250,000).
The Dynasty and the Ocean Series, with different market positioning and design concepts: the Dynasty Series includes Han, Tang, Qin, Songpro, Yuan, etc., and is dominated by stability and luxury and suitable for relatively mature customers; the Ocean Series includes seagulls, seals, seals, sea seals, etc.
Dolphins, frigates, Songplus, etc., are modulated by youth, access, and openness. The dynasty and ocean network construct the core fundamentals of Biadi sales, which are scale effects and a stable profit base.
This adjustment would better meet the needs of the different owners, ensure that the two lines of operation are different, and introduce differentiated products.
For example, ocean series can further develop young consumers. According to questmobile, December 23, 23, Biadi Cars 10,000. In contrast, Biadei sold 3.02 million vehicles in 23 years, an application increase of 5.63 million, a “transformation rate” of 1.9 (=563/302), compared to an upper mass “transformation rate” of 1.4 and a “transformation rate” of about 1.0 per cent.
On February 10, 2023, Biadi launched the Qin Plasdm-i2023 championship edition, showing "The Kingdom of Qin, Qin, Qin."
On February 10, the Qin Plainsdm-i 2023 championship was officially marketed, with an official guideline price of $998,000-1458,000 and a Dm-i model price of less than 100,000 for the first time. During the non-promotion phase of the championship model, Biadi sold within 240,000 monthly, with a total volume of 200,000 sold, with 23-year championships.
The release of the edition and the landing of the new vehicle, which was over 250,000 monthly sales in Biadi and was quickly realized in October 23, figure 42: After the launch of the championship, the entire hub was over 240,000 in 2024: the honor series was less electrified than oil.
On February 19, 2024, the Bia Qinplus and the destroyer 05 are officially on the market, starting at $798,000, the prices of the products are raised by $20,000, the upgrade is accompanied by lower electricity and higher-value products are far more powerful than fuel trucks, followed by Don,
Many cars, including Han, continue to increase the competitiveness of the company’s mainstream products and guarantee a steady increase in sales. From Biadi’s weekly sales, it can be seen that Biadi’s promotion in mid-February 2024 (corresponding to the 8th week) has seen a more marked increase in the number of glory models than in the weekly data before it was released.
Tactics: Prices sunk +dm5.0 new product cycle, recaps Biadi 2023 and 2024 competition strategy, which we believe can be broadly categorized as two:
1) Sinking: Increasing the price and competitiveness of cars by issuing the title, glory and model, and exploring prices to increase the abundance of the respective prices. For example, 10-15 million price bands, based on quarterly data, have gradually increased the share of Jadi in the risk-distribution zone of 10-15 million, on the one hand, the original model, such as dolphins, meta plus, on the other hand.
Qin plus lower prices led to higher competitiveness, while Songplusdmi’s glorious start-up price was reduced by $20,000 to 12.98 million, adding to the Yadi product matrix in this price segment. 2) New items: sustaining new inputs to capture the share of the joint venture market. For example, in 2023, the Biadi gull marched to the a0 level.
The market, the Biadeb+ class destroyer 07 is on the market, the first powered middle-class sedan runs suv Songl, and the second focuses on the central market of the joint venture brand B. Overall, the competitiveness of the price belts is increased through targeted new delivery. The first Dm5 technology was launched in May, with the launch of the Qinl+ SEAL 06, with a price of 998,000.
The start of a multi-dm5 model is expected to be launched (for example, Songplusdm-i, Songldmi, etc.) and a new cycle of pure electricity is expected to follow. Under this, the new product cycle of Biadi is expected to open gradually, and the monthly marketing hub is expected to continue.
So we focused our analysis of the Yadi Basics on a price range of 5 to 250,000, with medium-high-end brands (opinion, voltage, equation leopards) analysed at a later length. 5 to 100,000 price bands: the continued strong edge of the blasted car (27% by Biadi)
(plugged at 4.0 per cent + pure electricity at 30.8 per cent); the price belt is fragmented and competitive, mainly due to the higher size of the car, the market share of the front-loaded vehicle is lower than the other prices, with a 20.8 per cent share of the cr3, 44.4 per cent of the cr10 (at risk in 2023), and the top 10 best-selling models have been largely monopolized by autonomous brands in 2023.
In January-May 2024, the gull became a bomb, and Qin and the destroyer's medals were added. The 23q2 Biadi dropped thousands of vehicles in this price range for young users, selling 36,000 in June of the 24th year. This was further enhanced by the release of the Qinplus glory page in February of the 23rd year.
According to quarterly data, Biadi’s share of the risk-free zone rose steadily over 5 to 100,000, with a steady increase in sales of gulls and Qinplusdmi, and in February of 24th year, the destroyer’s 05th glory edition was released, with an entry price reduction of $20,000 and continued to increase the competitiveness of Biadi’s low-priced area products.
This price band together covered 27.1 per cent of the risk, which was raised. Figure 52: Biadi gulls became market explosives (vehicle) Figure 53: destroyers entering the 5-100,000 price band (car)
As a result of this higher price, the market share of the front-loaded car was lower than that of the other ones, with a total of 11.6 per cent for cr3 and 29.3 per cent for cr10. The joint venture brand continued to occupy a higher position. In 2023, Biadi sold 906,000 vehicles, or 14.1 per cent for the city, in the same area, and in January-May 2024, its share rose to 18.2 per cent.
With dolphins (at 287,000), Qinplus (at 167,000 on dmi, at 93,000 on v), Yuan plus (at 172,000), destroyer 05 (at 67,000) and Songpro (at 89,000 on dmi), the price belt is often also more price-sensitive, with Biadi ' s Glory model and dm5 on board.
The listing of SEAL 06 and Qinl is expected to continue to erode the share of co-financing products, such as the two hundred and forty thousand classic sales, and the two hundred and thirty thousand sales. According to quarterly data, Biadi’s share of the risk-marketing area of 10-15 million has gradually increased, while the original models, such as dolphins, popps, and Qinplus, have led to competitive price reductions.
Upgrade, with a further 12,98 million sales priced on the Songplusdmi Glory version, reduced by $20,000 and continued to refine the price band, figure 57: Biadi ' s contribution of 100-15 million prices to the core model (car) figure 59: Biadi ' s Qinplus is at risk at 10-15 million (car)
In 2023, the Biadi core vehicle was SONG plusdm-i (upper risk 263,000), Yuan plus (upper risk 1110,000), Songprodm-i (up risk 99,000), Qinev (up risk 77,000).
According to Biadi's share of the risk market, in 2023, there was a downward trend, mainly in respect of 1) this price was accompanied by a higher supply of high-quality new energy and a stronger competition; 2) this price was influenced by the sinking of the championship model, and the whole package increased the supply of vehicles such as seals dm-i, Songplusev, Tang dm-i, Hanev, Handm-i, etc.
With the adjustment of q1, the overall share of the repairs was raised in April-May 24 years (15.7 per cent, compared with 13.2 per cent in 24q1). Figure 64: Songplusev at 15-20 million prices (car) Figure 65: Han at 15-20 million (car)
The top six of the price bands are dominated by joint ventures (or foreign capital), with 906,000 vehicles, or 14.1 per cent of the city ' s share of Biadi ' s share of the price end in January-May 2024.
The short-term share declined slightly, and the share on the new model is expected to increase. 200,000 to 250,000 prices are associated with higher risk structures 10,000, Handm-i (upper risk 89,000), Hanev (up risk 72,000). 200,000 to 250,000 prices are associated with a downward trend in Biadi ' s share of the volume of insurance sales, mainly 1) in 2023, which affects some of Tang, Han and Han.
The price zone has sunk; (2) the competition between this price zone has been intense and is a necessity for new forces, joint ventures, and foreign investment, and there are more popular cars such as model3, tanks 300, and Passat. As the new product of the follow-up company continues to be released, the build-up of dm5 technology is expected to increase the competitiveness of Biadi in the region.
Figure 69: Biadi ' s 200,000 to 250,000 price core vehicle contribution splits (high end): top-up brand break, model matrix growth, high-priced sale of approximately 3.45 million vehicles, or 16.5 per cent, and high-end market profitability is generally higher than low price
The high-end market is not to be ignored. By the year 2023 Biadi had 136,000 high-end brands sold, with less than 4% of the total share. By the high-end Biadi used a multi-brand strategy, named totem, square leopard, look up, maintained relative independence with Biadi, with a multi-dimensional upgrading of high-end brands.
Matrix: 1) Trend positioning of luxury new energy vehicles, covering 250,000-600,000 areas, including, inter alia, trends d9, n7; 2) Equation Leopard positioning of new energy personalized brands, with product coverage of multi-grade, new energy vehicles, such as hard-suv and running vehicles, and more sophisticated, unique, freer ones
The market has been on the market since 2023, with a price of more than 300,000 dollars and a product gap filled quickly. Post-renewing (z9gt, new suv), lookout, equations (3 and 8) are all new products and are expected to follow.
High-end product matrices will continue to be refined, leading to an increase in overall high-end product sales. High-end car models will grow on the path, with high profit returns, and higher-end brands and models tend to have higher profits.
Number of brand groups, including the general public, Skota, Siyatt, with 5.3 per cent turnover in 2023; the second group consists of luxury brands, including Audi, Lamborghini, Binley, Ducadi, with 9.0 per cent turnover; and the third category of sports luxury brands, i.e., the Porsche, with 18.6 per cent operating profit from the bicycle camp.
From the point of view of the profits of the industry, it is also found that the more luxurious the brand, the more profitable it is, the more the motorly luxuries such as the Porsche are, the more than ten times the profit of a moving brand, so that, for the mainframe plant, high-end branding is an effective strategy to raise overall profits.
Toyota, Jili, Biadei are two dominant vehicle-type strategies, and the brands are known as "L. Tesla, A.W." and the brands are designed to sink. The brands are: to stay firm in low-end markets, build capital and technology, and seep gradually into high-end markets.
Toyota was created in 1933. Toyota and Ford are the world ' s car giants. Toyota started from imitating the famous model of a car, producing a high-priced model, and accumulated production skills and experience. It was only in 1983 that Toyota went to high-end markets after discussion at the Toyota Conference, where luxury brands like Lexus were created.
The same is true of Gilly, Chiri, Biadei, and others, starting with low-end vehicles and moving towards high-end markets. The strategic growth path on brands is clear, the technology is solid, the profitability is reliable, and it helps cars to avoid, to the extent possible, investment risks in the process of brand development and maintain a strategic and resilient strategic stance.
But the strategy is also short-cut, in that long-term oscillation into low-end markets perpetuates brand images, creates stereotypes in the user’s perception, and creates long-term and far-reaching resistance to the subsequent upturn of brand images. The brand’s downfall: high-strikes at the beginning of its creation, insistence on high capital investment, and the sustained roll-out of top cars.
The model creates a high-end brand image, and then publishes a flat-priced model for branding, opening up sales and making profits. This model has greater commercial potential to help car companies gain sufficient influence in both high-end and middle-end markets to resolve the contradictions between high-end and low-end products that undermine brand image.
This strategy is short-cut because of the higher risks involved, and the subsequent branding of the high-end vehicle will depend heavily on the enterprise’s ability to finance it at an early stage. Tesla released the roadsters, models, modelx, and sold at a relatively low price, and long-term insistence on high R & D investment has led to a very tight financial chain, once at risk.
Bankruptcy, until price-free car model3 is released, real sales are opened, brand dynamism and influence are raised, and it becomes the youngest luxury brand in the mainstream car market. Tactics: brands are floating, multi-brand strategies are driving up the top.
By and large, Biadei 1) insists on branding: starting with a value-for-money model, building capital and technology, moving up into high-end markets, rolling out middle- and high-end products, Han Tang, and raising brand image through the marketing and ups and ups of technology and performance collectors, avoiding the pre-determining of low- and medium-end brand image.
High-end product layout between price zones. 2) Multi-branding strategy, naming tumbles, equation leopards, looking forward, and maintaining relative independence from Biadi. Since 2023, Biadet has been on the market since the beginning of 2023, with prices of over $300,000 and above. 1)
A luxury new energy vehicle with a cost range of 250,000 to 600,000 and a model consisting mainly of stint d9, n7, etc.; 2) Equation Leopard positioning new energy personalized brands, products that will cover hard-punishment suvs with robust cross-country capabilities, as well as new, specialized types of energy vehicles, such as running vehicles, that will position new species products that are more extreme, unique and free.)
It's a million-grade high-end market. Figure 72: Biadi's three high-end products and associated positioning. Trend: d9 stable, z9gt ready.
Founded in 2010, by Biadi and Mercedes Mercedes, which focused on the new energy luxury car market brands, in 2022, with a model of d9, n7,n8 vehicles. Trenched d9 with a model of d9 and gl8 vehicles, thousands of vehicles are annual sales champions for the full class mpv, and in 2024q1 with China ' s new mpv for car quality.
Quality tops. In July 2023, the Luxury Hunt was launched, and supposing n7, with the "Eye of God" smart driving aid system and the cloudy-a smart air body control system, to integrate the entire car. In terms of sales, it is now stable at around 10,000 in September, while the other models are new at n7.
A gradual start was made in April 24, with 2031 sales in May 24, nearly doubling the ring ratio. Figure 75: 24q1 Medium and Medium-sized mpv quality rankings: 76: 2023 mpv sales rankings (millions)
At the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the top of the country’s top brand, the country’s direct stores have broken out of 370+, covering more than 135+ cities.
The new product is also expected to enhance market competitiveness through the full range of existing service delivery systems: Trendz9gt: Trendz9gt Positioning Smart Flagship D, designed by Byadi Design Director Vol Fugang Aig.
(b) Two-dimensional dimensions: car size 5180 mm/1990 mm/1500/1480 mm, a axis range of 3125 mm.
Integrating the body of the ctb battery with the technology; 3 intellectual dimensions: dots z9gt provide multi-laser radars, opting for a high-level intelligent driving support system.
The Director General of the Ministry of Industry, Zhao Yangjiang, made a public statement, and the new flagship suv is expected to locate a large-scale flagship, suv, which will be officially launched in the fourth quarter of this year.
The Equator Leopard locates new energy personalized brands, which will cover hard-punishment suvs with strong cross-country capabilities, as well as new, multi-professional energy models, such as running cars, that will identify new species products that are more extreme, unique, and free.
Queue leopard and exclusive core technology dmo super-mixed cross-country platform, with an Equation Leopard product matrix covering suv, running car, sedan, etc. The big suv-square panther 5 in the brand first series is based on the dmo super-mixed cross-country platform, with an acceleration of 4.8 seconds, with a combined range of 1,200 kilometres and a new energy monopoly.
Cloudy Smart Body Control, which uses a completely new mix of non-carrying structures. Equation Leopard 5 is divided into cloudy and standard versions that meet the dual needs of outdoor and urban travel, positioning new vehicles as hard-to-new-energy Land Cruisers, with prices close to the public market while possessing hard cross-country nuclear technology.
Figure 79: Equation Leopard Product Matrix Planning Figure 80: Changes in Equation Leopard 5 and Adventure Sales on Competing Products
With a high degree of industry and a steady increase in the size of the industry, the country’s sales in 23 years amounted to 255,000 suvs, compared to +22.0%, and this division is dominated by the brand of the Great Wall vehicle, with 163,000 in 2023. The road to the growth of the Great Wall, we believe, is one of its successes in using its pre-emptive advantage to build a bomb product.
Excavating and seizing the sub-markets of the cross-country suv, in addition to the full layout of the sub-sector, using the perfect product matrix radiation market to create brand influence; the launch of the equation panther 8, panther 3 and recapitulation of the car Super9 in April 2024, together with the panther 5, forming the 583 hard-line family of the equation leopards, gradually perfecting the product matrix to make it more effective.
Broad price bands cover a wider cross-country user group. Add up to Biadi’s continuous energy in the channel, and build up the technology, and the equation leopard is expected to have a market share in the field of cross-country suv.
In September 23, Biadey's new high-end brands looked up to be officially launched, opening up a new million-grade energy market with its subversive technologies and products, and reshaping the new energy age's high-end brand values. The u8 edition was marketed in September 23, at a price of $1098,000, and at the beginning of the year.
In April 2023, the Shanghai Car Fair opened pre-sales, launched two versions, luxury and off-road players, pre-sale, location, high-end new energy hardcore Land Cruisers, and, in February 2024, pure electrical excesses were officially listed in February.
The market price is $1.68 million, both of which are equipped with technology that is easy to access and with cloudy-p smart hydraulic body control systems. Biadi’s looking at the u8 has a variety of hard power, such as back-to-back, water-driving, and flexible driving, with higher heat.
The high-end strategy of Biadi starts with a value-for-money model, accumulates capital and technology, gradually penetrates high-end markets, introduces medium- and high-end products, Han Tang, and achieves high brand image through technology and performance-based marketing and upwards, avoiding pre-existing low- and middle-end brand images.
With a multi-brand strategy, the name Tung, the equation Leopard, the look-up, the relative independence of Biadi, the multi-dimensional upgrading of the high-end vehicle matrix. The 2023 trend d9, n7, the equation Leopard 5, the look-up u8 is on the market and 300,000 plus the price-coated product is rapidly replenished.
It is expected that the follow-on high-end product matrix will continue to be refined, leading to a double gain in high-end operations.
Core view: In 2023, the country exported 4.91 million vehicles, surpassing Japan as the largest exporter, and moving out into the sea became a new path to the growth of its mainframe plant. Biadi exported 243,000 vehicles in 23 by car, compared to +334 per cent, as a follow-up, 1) vehicle-type placement: export matrix continues to be rich, including Songpus, Seagulls, seagulls, seagulls, seagulls, seagulls, seagulls.
SEALS, MEPRUS, DOPERS, TOWND9, Frigate 05, Songprodm-i, and Pikasark, etc.; 2) Channels (markets) continue to be opened: export markets in over 80 countries and regions, with excellent performances in many countries and regions, including Thailand, Brazil, Europe, etc.; deep cooperative distributors have a fast-expanding web-based, cooperative quality;
Large-scale distribution partners; planning of maritime transport systems to build capacity for maritime freight transport. 3) Overseas production capacity is continuously being built in Thailand, Hungary, Brazil, Uzbekistan, etc., to meet market requirements more effectively, and to benefit from reasonable tariff evasion, subsidies and global competitiveness.
In 2023, the country exported 4.91 million vehicles, surpassing Japan as the world’s largest exporter. In the last two years, autonomous brands have built up competitive advantages and exports have been growing faster. In 2023, we exported 4.91 million vehicles, compared to 57.9% in comparison, and more than Japan became the world’s largest vehicle exporter.
Of the 770,000 commercial vehicles exported in comparison with + 63.7 per cent in comparison to +32.2 per cent in comparison, 1,203,000 in new energy vehicles exported in comparison with +77.6 per cent in 2023, 252,000 in the top 10 enterprises exported in total were exported by Biadi at an accelerated rate of +3.3 times in comparison with +3 and 925,000 by Chirí + 1 times in comparison; 316,000 by the Great Wall exported in relation to the same ratio.
Biyadi now covers more than 80 countries and territories on six continents, more than 400 cities, technology and motor vehicles have won many awards internationally, and more cars will be moving abroad in the future. Reviewing Toyota's overseas sales: 103,07,000 toyota in 2023.
Toyota’s overseas sales of 8.63 million vehicles in 2023, or 4.3% of the year, are among the top two countries in overseas sales: 38% in Asia. Toyota’s overseas sales benefited from the expansion of export capacity (including joint ventures) and 2.
Figure 93: Biadi vs. Toyota overseas sales 1 vehicle size: the product matrix is gradually expanding, and the Biadi overseas vehicle matrix is gradually enriched. From the point of view of Biadi exports, Biadei came out in 2022.
By May 2024, the Biadi export was further optimized to a matrix of export products, which was enriched by three cars in 2023.
Central Songplus (39,000 vehicles, 22 per cent), Seagulls (32,000, 18 per cent), SEALs (244,000, 14 per cent), yuan plus (21,000, 12 per cent), dolphins (17,000, 10 per cent), etc., also joined the export channels of D9, destroyer 05, Songprodm-i.
The structural balance continues to improve. Figure 94: Biadi ' s overseas sales model structure and sales (millions) Figure 95: Biadi ' s export structure (car) January-May 24
Figure 96: Biadi’s cumulative export structure (car) Adaptive pricing strategy, with export prices as a whole far ahead of the country. From the comparison of domestic and foreign prices of Biadi’s core model, the cost gains from a more advanced three-power system and scalability in the country.
The Byadi model as a whole has greater price-adjusted space and advantages abroad, with targeted pricing, with export prices generally higher than domestic prices in Byadi, developed countries such as Europe, where the price of the Byadi model is generally nearly double the price of domestic sales, and developing countries such as Thailand, where the price of the model is narrow with domestic prices (about 20-50 per cent).
The main choice for comparison is a low-matching version, which may be based on price adjustments due to time inconsistencies, so that only companies can refer to it. Biadi market rolls out products, step by step.
The most recent product of the Biadi product matrix is based on the development of the global market, combining new energy technologies with new energy technologies.
The arts and the needs of diverse users are to destabilize the traditional fuel card market with super-technology, bringing about a way of life with unlimited potential for users through human design, dmo technology, and intellectual experience. Biadi will officially open the world’s new energy pickup era.
Figure 97: Biadi Overseas Vehicle Model Matrix, Figure 98: Biadepica Mexico Introduction 2 Markets & Pattern Dimensions: Global 80+ Country Areas
In terms of market dimensions, the Biadei export market has spread across more than 80 countries and regions around the world, with over 400 cities, with excellent performances in a number of countries and regions, including Japan, Thailand, Brazil, Singapore and Colombia. In 2023, dolphins, seals, bydatto3(M$plus) and other types of vehicles received a high number of major specializations around the world.
In Brazil, on the day that dolphins were released, they sold an average of two on average of five minutes, 300 in 24 hours, with a strong market resonance. At the Geneva Car Fair in early 24, Biadey brought eight new energy cars, and here, they showed up.
At the car exhibition, the WorldCarawards also published a list of top three entries in 2024. Bia Di seals and dolphins emerged in many models and entered the final round of the WorldCaroofthe year, and the World Urban Car, respectively.
Figure 99: The Biadi model was well received overseas, and in terms of specific market splitting, we used the data from the Marklines to sell by Biadi in overseas countries for large splitting, and found that the top eight countries in Biadi ' s 2023 export structure were Thailand (27 per cent),
Brazil (16 per cent), Israel (14 per cent), Australia (11 per cent), Egypt (4 per cent), Germany (4 per cent), New Zealand (3 per cent), Malaysia (3 per cent); Asia-Pacific region 49 per cent, Americas 18 per cent, Africa Middle East region, from the perspective of the Biadi Four Seas Foreign Marketing Department
With Biadi’s power at the end of the channel and the continued expansion of products, overseas markets are expected to continue to expand. The four main overseas markets of Biadi are selected for streamlining and analysis:
Asia-Pacific region - Thai market: Thailand sold about 800,000 vehicles in 2023, accounting for less than 5% of Biadi as a whole. Data for 2023 show that the share of solar brands in the market was 78%, compared to 8 pct, 11% and +1.2 times the share of Chinese brands in the market.
In September 2022, Thailand introduced a fiscal subsidy scheme for electric vehicles, introducing tax relief measures, such as a consumption tax, road tax, import tax, etc., and establishing a “30-30” policy within Thailand by 2030.
In 2023, Thailand sold about 76,000 pure electric cars, with a penetration rate of about 10%. Biadi has been in the lead for 18 months since 2023 in the new energy vehicle market in Thailand. Biadi sells cars like atto3, dolphins, seagulls, etc.
Bialdiatto3(M$plus) is the first electric vehicle to sell, with 19,000 vehicles, 25% pure electricity, and eight Chinese branded electric cars, such as Viatti Dolphins and Olysses, have the top ten. China's electric cars together account for 80% of Thailand's electric car market.
The support provided, as well as the gradual expansion of product lines (plans to gradually import hybrid models) and distribution channels (currently 115 distribution points and 27 distributors in Thailand), followed by Biadi's growing space in Thailand. Figure 101: Thailand's ranking (car) and share of electric vehicle sales in 2023
European region - German market: Germany sold about 2.85 million vehicles by car in 2023, with a relatively low rate in Biadi, mainly due to a more developed auto industry in Germany and a higher quality supply: the general population (38.6 per cent), stellentis (11.7 per cent), Mercedes (10.4 per cent), BMW (9.8 per cent), competition
Relatively intense; vehicle sales of about 20 per cent cr10; new energy sources, about 520,000 vehicles sold in 2023 in Germany, with a penetration rate of about 18 per cent, with Teslamodely and Modely (total sales of 62,000), id.4 and id.3 (total sales of 46,000), Skodaenyagiv
Biyadi's share of German sales (mainly atto 3) in 2023 is less than 10%, and there is still much room for improvement. Marketing and product push, and European markets continue to be active.
In January of this year, Bialdi's official official partner declared the 2024 European Cup, replacing the German public as the only sponsor of the European Cup and the first Chinese car manufacturer in history to hold hands with the European Cup.
The seal is officially listed in Europe and has two versions, with a sales price of Euro50990 (approximately RMB 400,000) and Euro 44,900 (approximately RMB 350,000).
Americas region - Brazilian market: Brazil sold about 1.72 million vehicles in 2023, with a relatively low share of the city of Biadi as a whole. Overall, the Brazilian market is dominated by foreign firms, with weak local brands, 27.0 per cent in the city of stellentis, 17.5 per cent in the general group and 15.8 per cent in the general group.
Modern-Chea city accounts for 10.8%; the Japanese, European, American systems have a certain market position, with annual sales of about 100,000 vehicles of one type. Thousands of vehicles, year-on-year +162%. From car companies, the number of electric cars sold in January-April 2024 is higher than the number of top5 companies.
Adi's sales are 2,1984, the top of the list. Biadi sells cars like atto3, dolphins, Songpus, seals, Don in Brazil, and the destroyer 05 was officially listed in Brazil in June of 24, April of this year.
Biadi has also started producing bases in Brazil’s territorialized layouts. The future is expected to continue to increase in sales of Biadi’s exports, with increased awareness of Biadi’s brand, as well as the expansion of production capacity (a circumvention of customs duties), and channels.
Middle East Africa -- Israeli market: Israel sold about 260,000 vehicles in 2023, Biadi as a whole with less than 10 per cent, and the top five cars were modern-Kia (75,000 for sale), Toyota (33,000 for sale), mass groups (28,000 for sale), Biadi (5,000 for sale), Majuta (for sale)
According to the Israeli Automobiles Association, the Israeli market registered 1,246 bydatto in May 3223, winning a single-car sales championship for seven months in a row. Biadi brands were in place five months before 2023.
With 8,496 cards in the color market, representing 35.5 per cent of the total number of pure electric cars, bydatto3 became Israel's best-selling car brand in 23 years, leading Israel's pure electric passenger vehicle 3-channel dimensions: expanding the channel by distribution
In-depth cooperative distributors help to expand the network. Biadi’s overseas expansion is largely based on deep cooperation with distributors, such as the dva distribution group in Brazil, the aljtürkey dealer in Turkey, and the Stara group in Chile, where selected distributor partners are of better local quality, etc.
This kind of cooperation has helped Biadi to open up the rapid expansion of a wide network, quickly entering markets and then connecting with local consumers. In Europe, for example, since September 2022, Bia Di has been actively setting up the European market, working with partners across the world to quickly push many new energy vehicles under the flag to include Germany.
In 20 European countries, including the United Kingdom, Spain, Italy, France, the Netherlands, Norway and Hungary, a cumulative number of more than 250 shops have been opened, 13 of which have been opened since the entry into Australia ' s car market in 2022, including the world ' s first ones.
Seals are listed in Australia, Australia, October 2023. Biadi's Super Experience Shop is now on the local market for three cars.
Biadi has added a new Shada and Saigon exhibition room, and in the future there will be a new General Au Chen chamber, the Kowloon Bay Service Centre, and Hong Kong, China, October 2023, seals are listed in Hong Kong, China.
The distribution network will reach every corner of Hong Kong. Biadi will continue to work with the Chilean distributor, the Astara Group, to create a local distribution and service system for the seal to be listed in Chile.
Biadi will work with the distributor aljtürkey (hereinafter alj) to open five shops in the Turkish capital, Ankara, the largest city, Istanbul, and the three main port cities, Izmir; the goal is 24 years of Biadi's passage.
In September 2023, Biadi’s first passenger car market in Turkey will cover 82% of the Turkish market.
The Biyadi brand had 8,496 cards on the Israeli market in the first five months of 2023, accounting for a total of 1,246 cards in May 2023, or 35.5% of seven consecutive ones. Local distributors are now in Israel.
Every month, Israel has won a single-car medal in the cities of Haifa, Tel Aviv, etc., to open five Biadem stores for customers to experience and order. Planning for a scalding maritime system marks the beginning of the era of “national transport.”
In May 2024, Biadi's “explorerno.1” motor transport roller completed a 27-day trip across the ocean from China to Brazil and arrived at the port of Suape, Brazil. The first vehicle in this voyage is Biadi's first roller, which is 199.9 metres long and has 7,000 standard parking spaces.
During the next two years, seven more roll-in ships will be put into operation, and Biadi storage battery technology, axle generator systems will be applied on board. Biadi is expected to do so.
Better transport to ensure that cars go to sea and continue to raise the share of the global market. Figure 104: Biadi rolls ship 4 production dimensions: advancing overseas production capabilities to drive the globalization process
In the last two years, as domestic exports of new energy vehicles have continued to grow and become more influential abroad, some overseas countries and territories, such as Brazil, Europe and Turkey, and the United States, have begun to impose high tariffs on Chinese automobile companies, and overseas distribution capacity has been one of the most effective ways to avoid tariffs, while on the one hand it has been able to benefit more fully from policy subsidies.
Table 25: Tariffs imposed on the country from abroad 12 per cent, 20 per cent, 28 per cent and 35 per cent respectively for plug-in combined electric vehicles. For pure electric vehicles, 10 per cent, 18 per cent, 25 per cent and 35 per cent, respectively, import duties are levied on source vehicles.
In Brazil, before 30 June 2026, the duty-free quota remained as follows: for hybrid electric vehicles, the quota was $130 million by June 2024 and $97 million by July 2025.
The European Commission imposes a temporary countervailing duty on electric car imports from China. The temporary tariff applies to some Chinese producers, namely Biadei.
17.4 per cent, Jili 19.9 per cent, upper gas 37.6 per cent, other cooperative but not sampled Chinese producers will be subject to a weighted average tariff of 20.8 per cent for uncooperative companies with a tax rate of 37.6 per cent. On 8 June, Turkey announced an additional import tariff of 40 per cent on fuel and hybrid vehicles originating in China, effective 30 days after publication.
In March 23, Turkey imposed an additional duty of 40% on pure electric cars imported from China. In July, Turkey softened its recent decision to impose tariffs on Chinese cars to encourage car manufacturers to invest, and cars imported from China under the Investment Incentive Certificate would be exempted from these additional financial obligations.
In order to advance the process of globalization and meet market demands, Biadi has been deploying new energy by vehicle capacity overseas: 1) Thailand: in September 22 22, Biadi signed a contract with Wha Weihua Group Mass Limited to formally sign a land subscription and plant-related agreement, marking the official landing in Thailand of the first overseas bus factory built by Biadi with full capital.
On July 4, 24, Biadi completed the construction and offline ceremony for the 8 million new energy vehicles at the Thai plant. The Biadi Thai factory was only 16 months from the start to the start, with an annual capacity of about 150,000 vehicles, containing the four main processes and components of the entire vehicle.
(c) Brazil: In July 23rd, Biadi and the Brazilian state government announced that they would set up a large production base complex consisting of three factories in the city of Camassari, where new energy would be used as a whole for the production of vehicles.
(d) Uzbekistan: October 2023, Biadi signed an investment agreement with Uzbekistan; 27 June 2024, Biadi Uzbekistan factory's first new energy-producing vehicle, Songplusdm-i
The first phase of the factory, which is located in Gizac, is planned to produce two heat-distribution plug-in hybrids, the Songplusdm-i and the destroyer 05 championships, with an estimated capacity of 50,000 annually. Thanks to the continuous upgrading of the company’s export vehicle matrix, and the support of overseas construction plants for the follow-up to the trip to the sea.
It is expected that Biadi will sell 400,000-500,000 vehicles overseas in 2024, and 700,000-one million in 2025, and that the company’s output will continue to rise, and export sales will continue to rise.
Income & Profit: By-Adi earned 12,494 million yuan, corresponding to +42 per cent, net profit on maternity, 4.57 billion yuan, corresponding to +10.6 per cent, ring to +47.3 per cent, deductible non-net profit, 3.75 billion yuan, corresponding to +5.2 per cent, ring to +58.8 per cent, looking at Bi-Adi as a whole with a multi-positioned branding power, a sustained expansion of its advantages and a strong industrial chain control capability.
Mäori & Rate Level: 2401 Bäadi Mäori 21.9%, same year + 4.0 ptt, ring + 0.7 ptt, expected to increase Mäori primarily through supply chain drops: 2) High-end vehicles and export sales as a result of higher rates: 24q1 public figure 113: Biäadi single-quarter cost situation (%)
At the end of other financial indicators: the asset-liability level, which is slightly higher than that of comparable companies, the end of Roe, the increase in capacity utilization as a result of the company ' s continued increase in sales, and the continued release of performance, by 2023, Biadi was gradually ahead of its peers; at the cash-flow level, Biadi is currently ahead of other competitors.
Our profit projections are based on the following assumptions: Automobile, auto-related and other product operations: this business consists mainly of automobile sales and battery operations, with vehicle sales at the core and automobile-related and other product operations realization camp in 2023
Net sales of 2.87 million vehicles, +55.3% of the same year, motor sales of 128,000 vehicles, as well as lookout and equation leopards, are beginning to rise. Given the subsequent company ' s glory edition and the continuous roll-out of the dm5 model, and the start of the high-end chemical cycle, we expect that the subsequent sales of Biadi ' s cars will continue to grow.
After 2024, the average price of Biadi vehicles gradually increased (with the benefit of high-end products and export sales, such operations as Piti, cellular components and assembly: covering diverse areas such as consumer electronics, new smart products, consumer electronics, and the growing potential for business growth, with the advantage of leading scientific research and product design and manufacturing, still).
A steady increase in market share is being achieved; in the new smart product business, the layout of the ai server and other high-growth contests is being improved, close cooperation is being deepened with the industry head clients of the individual sections, and business plates, such as drones, smart homes, play hardware, have continued to grow steadily and the market share has been rising. In 2023, the business collected 1185.8.
With the start of the high-end product cycle, the continued landing of exports, and the steady growth of other companies’ operations, we expect a steady increase in the overall revenue of Biadi over the next few years. Rates: We believe that the company’s rates are expected to gradually stabilize, with R & D costs: the company’s 2023 increase in pairs.
Research and development inputs for new product projects have led to an increase in R & D costs, while companies have maintained their interest in R & D for many years. Table 29: Scenario analysis (optimism, neutrality, pessimism). Taking into account the company's business characteristics, we use both absolute and relative valuation methods to estimate the company's reasonable prices
A sensitivity analysis of the absolute valuation, which is more sensitive than the wacc and constant growth rates, is presented in the table below. We've chosen Biadi and industry players to take the lead on the Great Wall car in the field of hard-pitched suv segment.
The profitable new power of car creation is the ideal car, the new energy transition is moving on, the Chang An car, and the Chinese model of smart choice, and the high-quality mainframe factory, Cyrus, is a comparable company. Volumes: sinking tactics + the new product cycle is a solid base plate; more than 24h2 dm5 is expected to be launched, and the new product cycle is expected to open next month’s marketing hub is expected to continue.
Biyadi uses multi-brand tactics to drive up the high-end strategy, followed by three brands with a two-fold increase in productivity; benefits: channel + output + product-driven, opening up new space. Biyadi exported 243,000 vehicles in 23 years, compared to 334% in 334% in 23 years, looking forward to a follow-on vehicle-type sequenced release, continuous channel input,
At the bottom: technological innovation, supply-chain integration, and downscaling. Biadi focuses on research and development, with deep layouts in the field of blending, pure electricity technology, with performance ahead of industry, while the platformed strategic architecture works with multiple technologies, accelerating the effective amortization of research and development costs.
And other zeros, upstream investment in lithium mines, igbt, etc., downstream focus on whole-car operations, and mature support systems bring about innovation (technology self-research), efficiency (synergizing) and cost (high self-regulation + increased bargaining power) prospects for Biadi, which are expected to continue to have much room for growth.
Profit forecasting and valuation: higher profitability projections, taking into account the stability of the company’s base plate operations and the speed of the high-end and seaboard processes.ps long-term advantages of vertical supply chain integration for the division, as well as the continued layout of scale, high-end and globalization,
Keeping the "better than the big city" rating. Volume: sinking tactics + the new product cycle to harden the base plate; more than 24h2 dm5 models expected to be launched, new product cycles opened, and the center of next month's sales expected to continue. Lei: brand break-up, car matrix growth. Biadi uses multiple.
Tactical promotion of high-end strategies followed by the introduction of new products in all three brands, with a two-fold increase in productivity for enabling companies; benefits: Channel + Production + Product Drive, opening up new space. Biadi exported 243,000 vehicles in 23 years, compared to 334 per cent, looking ahead to follow-up vehicle-type sequencing, continuous input through channels, overseas production, and subsequent exports are expected to continue to grow.
Bottom: technological innovation, supply chain integration, and downscaling. Biadi focuses on research and development, with deep layouts in the field of blending, pure electricity technology, with superior performances in leading industries, while the platformed strategic architecture is shared by multiple technologies, accelerating the effective amortization of R & D costs.
Focusing on the entire business, the mature supporting system brings with it the advantages of innovation (technology self-research), efficiency (synergic effects) and cost (high self-regulating + enhanced bargaining power). Given the risks of corporate stability and high-end and seaboard valuation: we use absolute and relative valuation methods that combine companies from multiple angles.
Reasonable valuations, but based on relevant assumptions, in particular the selection of the company ' s parameters from cash flow calculations, weighted average capital cost (wacc), tv assumptions and comparable company valuations over the next few years, have been integrated into the individual ' s judgement, which in turn has led to a risk of deviations in the valuation, in particular:
1) Risks of optimistic valuations due to the high value of free cash flow calculations over the next 10 years, possibly due to optimistic estimates of growth rates of corporate income and profits over the positive and semi-observable periods; 2) weighted average capital cost (wacc) has a very significant impact on firm absolute valuations, and we calculate wacc
Assuming a risk-free interest rate of 3.0 per cent and a risk premium of 6.5 per cent, there may still be a risk of an overvalued company's valuation resulting from a low estimation or appreciation of these parameters, resulting in an undervalued wacc;
In terms of relative valuation: considering the stability of the company’s base-plate operations and the speed of the high-end and sea-going processes, the upward profit forecast, low-predicted and overestimated Maori results in a risk that the company’s projected profitability will be higher than the actual value.
The sale of goods for export, which in turn has a negative impact on the company’s performance; in addition, if the prices of raw materials are to be high in the future, the company’s response will be somewhat delayed, putting some pressure on the company’s profitability. Risks of competition in the industry: increased competition in the new energy automotive sector and the impact on market order; and industrial capacity
Overhang and product homogenization contribute to the acceleration of competition in domestic industries; technological advances and product upgrading risks: the automotive sector is a capital-intensive and technology-intensive industry. Companies have a wealth of product development and manufacturing experience and have focused on new technologies and research on new products over the years.
New technologies and new products cannot be developed without investment in capital, and companies will face the risks and operating risks of technological advances if they are not able to invest continuously in the development of new products in the future or if they fail to develop products in a timely manner that are compatible with new models.
Risk of brain drain from key technologies: The development and management of critical skills is the main competitive advantage of a company that faces the risk of losing its core technical staff if it does not continue to provide effective incentives in terms of remuneration, treatment, etc. in the future.
Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors' assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors' past, present or future absence of studies on them