Maxscend (300782 CH)
Maintain
HOLD
prospects intact;
HOLD (Maintain)
continued margin pressure
Target Price
RMB82.00
Maxscend released its FY24 results. Revenue went up by 2.5% YoY to
RMB4.5bn, missing CMBI estimates/BBG consensus by 2%/1%. NP declined
(Previous TP
RMB86.00)
significantly by 64.2% YoY to RMB402mn, missing CMBI estimates/BBG
Up/Downside
2.3%
consensus by 28%/21%. GPM/NPM declined by 7.0ppt/16.7ppt to 39.5%/9.0%
Current Price
RMB80.15
in FY24 (vs. 46.4%/25.6% in FY23) due to margin pressure from subsidiary
China Semiconductors
Xinzhuo's ramp-up as the company transitions from a fabless model to a fab-lite
strategy. We remain constructive on Maxscend's long-term growth prospects as
Lily YANG, Ph.D
it builds platform-level manufacturing capability and strategic supply chain
independence. However, we maintain HOLD rating as near-term margin
pressure persists, with TP adjusted downward to RMB82.0, based on a
Kevin ZHANG
rolled-over 45x 2026E P/E.
4Q24 experienced net loss for the first time due to fab ramp-up; margin
pressure remains an overhang in 2025. In 4Q24, revenue declined by
Jiahao Jiang
14.2% YoY but increased by 3.4% QoQ, while bottom-line saw a net loss of
RMB24mn. Mgmt. attributed the loss to increased depreciation and high
mask costs tied to the migration of key products onto its in-house 6/12-inch
lines. NPM was -2.1% in 4Q24 (vs. 6.6%/23.2% in 3Q24/4Q23). We believe
Stock Data
Maxscend will face ongoing margin headwinds especially in 1H25 (GPM:
38.0%, on our estimates), given fabs' ramp-up and slow recovery in end-
market demand. We forecast Margin to gradually recover in 2H25 (GPM:
41.7%, on our estimates) on seasonality and emerging demand from AI
edge devices. We project overall GPM to be slightly up to 40.2% in FY25E
Shareholding Structure
(39.5% in FY24).
Module momentum continues as vertical integration starts to pay off.
Module sales (42% of total rev.) grew by 18.6% YoY in FY24, while discrete
sales (56% of total rev.) declined by 7.6% YoY. The growth in module
Share Performance
revenue reflects the modularization trend in RFFE industry. Looking
forward, we expect module business to be the key growth driver (+25% YoY
in 2025E). The rise in module shipments reflects Maxscend's in-house
wafer and packaging capabilities, enabling faster product iteration and
Source: FactSet
tighter component integration. Gross margins for module/discrete segments
12-mth Price Performance
were 36%/42% in FY24, down from 46%/47% in FY23, but are likely to
(RM
improve as utilization increases, in our view.
Maintain HOLD, with TP adjusted down to RMB82. We view 2025 as a
transition year for Maxscend, and we revise down our revenue/NP forecasts
by 7%/42% in FY25E, given a slower-than-expected recovery in demand
and stronger margin erosion on fab ramp-up. Our new TP is based on 45x
2026E P/E, 10% higher than peers' avg. of 40.7x considering its leading
Source: FactSet
position in RFFE market and important role in semiconductor localization.
Potential upside catalysts: stronger-than-expected recovery and faster
semiconductor localization due to geopolitical risks. Potential downside
risks: slower-than-expected capacity ramp-up, delay in R&D progress.
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates, Bloomberg consensus
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, Bloomberg consensus. Data as of 31 Mar 2025 close.
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates. Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer
that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities or issuer; and (2)
no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will
deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong
Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIGM will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.