The Centre for Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Studies (CEFIR) Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) Purchase (first rating) Securities operations lead to the 3.0 phase of the Internet
Portfolio leads to stage 3.0 on the Internet. Eastern wealth location is not limited to information platforms, but is based on a profound understanding of user-line behaviour and demand, using its accumulation of Internet products, operating experience and technology and data, in combination with the layout and characteristics of its own financial operations.
(b) The financial advantage of strong competition is still sustainable: big bats are actively in the game, but the prospects for regulation are uncertain and their own users are suspicious about the effect of small white flow conversions; independent Internet voucher dealers, such as the wealthy ones, focus ports
The US market is broken down, the market is better than Internet products and technology, but financial consolidation is lacking; for traditional bond dealers, their willingness and input is critical, and the current failure to successfully run the Internet financial innovation model.
The layout of the gold and securities plates, on the one hand, while fund sales can still serve as cash horns for a longer period of time, and on the other hand, the securities business has initiated a paradigm shift in the flow of Eastern wealth from third-party to self-employment, which will be the focus of the future search for integrated financial services.
Eastern wealth has opened up its own business model, and based on the platform's large pool of professional investment users, accumulated years of Internet products, business experience and technological capabilities, the company's future business, based on the Eastern wealth of the online financial community, can be regarded as a explorer of domestic Internet finance.
If the earlier model of the platform around community links to people and information is the Internet phase 2.0 of Eastern wealth, then now the stock plate, the Eastern wealth of business upgrading, has been added to the online resources, understanding the needs of users and using the Internet to meet the needs of users in all their aspects.
In recent years, with the rise of Internet finance, as well as regulatory regimes such as Internet opening, Internet voucher piloting, etc.
In the end, there is a big trend in the onlineization of securities. The big Internet players represented by bat, independent Internet coupons, traditional coupons, etc., have entered the game, trying to get a piece of this booming market and, in the face of increasingly intense patterns of competition, we believe that Eastern wealth can maintain its competitive edge.
Internet giants like bat: more restrictive regulations, more suspicious traffic conversions, more restricted operations, more difficult to obtain license plates. As an important part of financial operations, license plates have always been mutually exclusive.
With Alibaba, for example, since 2014, active attempts have been made to draw up security plates, try to buy the Yangtze securities, the German securities, and establish joint ventures on the mainland through cepa, all of which have failed. The regulation is huge for the Internet.
The issue of the first license plate began to become more cautious: on the one hand, the CSRC ' s attitude towards financial innovation shifted from active support to strict regulation following the 2015 stock market shock, while Bat had access to huge users and data and advanced technology, which could be difficult to control once the license plate was obtained; and, on the other hand,
On the one hand, traditional securities companies are still highly dependent on the profits of the corridor, and there are also regulatory considerations to protect traditional institutions and maintain financial market stability.
Under our macroeconomic policy, financial risk prevention will be the subject of a long time to come. Internet companies without license plates will also be more limited in their operations.
Guidance to third-party platforms for online opening transactions and related activities, for consultation with securities companies. This document provides clear regulations for the use of third-party companies for online operations, including the inability to provide a single route to third parties for transactions and the inability to make online transactions.
To be operated by a third party, not to provide customer information and business data to a third party, etc. - instead, what Bat can do for a third party is strictly restricted to access to peripheral users and technical services and is unable to participate in the core securities business.
In spite of the volume of traffic, conversion is a problem, and users are generally small. Internet users are more young. This group of users in the area of investment is smaller than white, and is characterized by low disposable income, insufficient investment experience, and risk tolerance.
Less powerful and low per capita investments. For example, the type of product is dominated by the lowest-risk monetary fund. 2) The per capita investment value of the 2017 annual balance is $3330 and the treasury is around $3,000; 3)
In terms of age distribution, 52% of users of ant wealth under the age of 30 and 41% of daily funds. The securities product is one of the highest risks in all asset allocation categories, so it is worth thinking about the rate of transformation of some users in securities products.
The securities business currently in operation is generally effective. At present, ant gold suits, tweaks and tweaks offer the respective investment types of ant wealth (a combination of investments that provide the functions of funds, bank finance, stocks, etc.) and tweaks (a pure stock exchange app), but the securities business is done on a case-by-case basis.
Lord, these two apps are not very high for active users, and they should be less traded. In theory, given the correlation between stock investment and daily intelligence, users are much more active than funds, regular money management, etc.; and intelligence is the last thing in the portfolio business.
There are professional thresholds, the most easily Internet-enabled parts, but they still seem to be working. This should be related to the user characteristics of Internet companies, their own understanding of financial operations, and their ability to accumulate.
Independent Internet voucher dealers: Focusing on market segmenting, more instrumentality, and integrating China into the global economy in recent years, and the need for investors to allocate their assets abroad continue.
The Hong Kong-American stock market, a rich investment market with standardized trading processes, comprehensive information disclosure, and high-quality targets, has become the preferred option for many continental investors for overseas asset allocation. To meet this demand, the independent voucher, represented by cashiers and tigers, has been created.
Positioning the Hong Kong-American stock market to serve cross-border investors on the mainland. This group of primers is the user of the mainland-bound market, which we believe to be of limited size in the short term: on the one hand, the current absolute size of this group of investors is very small – 130 million shares opened in 2017a and large.
For most mainland investors, on the other hand, more offshore investment is focused on the shares of mainland companies listed in Hong Kong, and with domestic regulation of policies benefiting shares such as cdr, unicorn, and so on, many future high-quality companies in the country.
If you want to put a stock on the market, there will be some return of overseas funds to a share, which will weaken some of the US and US investment requirements. According to appmau, there will be only 100,000 orders of magnitude, and a large gap between the domestic stock market and the company’s offer.
Figure 7: The size of continental investor transactions in the US share market (millions of dollars) has an advantage mainly at the product and technology levels. In the traditional way, mainland investors have a very high threshold for trading in Hong Kong, faced with lengthy opening processes, high trading commissions, and poor language leading to value-added clothing.
It's hard to get the pain, but it's also the entry point from the beginning of the rich, the tigers -- they've gone through such initiatives as optimizing front-end interfaces to improve operating processes, retailing wholesales to lower transaction costs, and providing domestic customer service, and they've married bridges between mainland investors and overseas securities trading.
The trade-rich securities created by the workers are technology-driven and constantly grinding the product experience, and have been established for five years as the country ' s largest merchant of Hong Kong and United States Internet securities, with an annual turnover of over $500 billion in 2017 and more than $90 billion in January 2018, which ranks among the top 5 per cent of Hong Kong voucher dealers.
Figure 9: Technology-driven rich products and services Identification + face recognition + living body recognition technology, opening process online First home supports double-currency silver certificate transfers; dozens of remittance operations are simplified to three steps
Trading speed 0.0037 seconds; trading access expanded, with customers placing up to millions of singles a day; autonomous development of settlement systems to meet individual derivative business needs on the settlement side; use of ai response, self-construction of smart worksheet systems, high customization of customer processes, and increased customer service efficiency
Financial integration is inadequate. However, it must not be overlooked that this type of app still lacks license plates, financial services capacity: 1) given the difficulty of applying for license plates, there is currently no domestic Internet voucher applicant who can only act as a domestic agent for the United States voucher.
The role of the channel service: very few companies have successfully applied for Hong Kong stock plates. 2) The company ' s employees are mostly Internet-based, with less understanding of the financial business and less of the resources and capabilities associated with it. For example, 70% of its employees come from telecommunications, less than 15% from financial institutions, and in employee functions.
Only 300,000 of the 3.8 million current users are wealthy clients. If such Internet voucher dealers want to approach traditional securities companies to provide comprehensive financial services to their users, there is a longer way to go.
Traditional coupons have a unique advantage over Internet players and independent coupons, but given that they have been operating under traditional models for many years, with Internet experience, technical capacity, and awareness of innovation.
The sooner you learn about the problem and get ready for it, the sooner you can win more initiative in the future. Huatai is a representative of traditional bond dealers who are active “touchers.”) The business model dimension: as early as 2009.
The beginning of a self-revolution has been a move away from relying on revenues from the corridor operations, which are still the main profit earners, by embracing the mobile Internet, concentrating the standardized business of brokering online and using a low commission policy, which quickly attracts a large number of online users. Its app long-term voucher leader, adopted in 2016.
App-openers account for 90% of the company's total openings, while more than 80% of the trading clients are trading at the app end. 2) At the technical level, under the leadership of the Chairman of the Board of Directors with a technical background, Hua-Tai is actively investing - by the end of 2017, the company had 538 technical employees, representing the total number of employees.
In 6.61%, it is ranked first among traditional securities dealers; R & D costs 413 million yuan, or 1.96% of operating income. It can be said that the technology-level layout has paved the way for the transformation of the Chinese Internet.
There are more and more coupons on the line, but most of them are still in the exploration phase. Now that the mainstream voucher base has developed its own apps, some more than one, and some of them are working with the same flower platform to channel the flow; in addition, some headbillers are actively exploring big data, financial technology, etc.
But, given the wide variety of conventional and Internet models in terms of user access, operation, technology reserves, and the capacity requirements of practitioners, there are currently few coupons for successful online access, most of which are still in the process of being explored.
Internal business model: where do we go when the flow goes? The Eastern wealth of the vertical financial community, with its “shares” and its pre-eminence and keen Internet touch, has accumulated a large number of high-quality users, while building up license plate resources and growing into today’s Internet.
In 2015, as Eastern wealth acquired Tibetan bonds and acquired a full portfolio of securities, Eastern wealth began to explore the flow of its own business on the basis of third-party flows. How should this be done?
Securities business: Building a Chinese version of Ka-Sin around the needs of its users, by buying Tibetan shares, Eastern wealth acquired a full license for its domestic securities dealer business and joined the securities industry in 2015. As a typical Internet voucher dealer in the United States, Ka-Suk managed to move through a discount broker.
We believe that, in conjunction with the development of a more sophisticated Eastern wealth network, a space-based gold platform, there will be a further increase in brokering, blending, and financial management, and that Eastern wealth will form a closed circle of wealth management that connects people with wealth, and will grow into a Chinese version of the Kato.
▪ First step: Users — leverage brokering and blending of such flows, rapidly accumulating initial users. Looking at the type of business that securities plates contain, brokering and blending have clear flow attributes — simple demand, high standardization, low professional thresholds, and therefore greater scale growth depends on traffic, which is precisely what it is.
As can be seen from the figure below, the apmau of Eastern wealth is firmly ahead of the same class, and the urban presence of brokers and blended businesses is rising rapidly -- a solid user base for the expansion of Eastern wealth into other businesses.
It also attracts a large number of users and rises rapidly by spearheading the roll-out of online discounted brokerage services. Chart 15: Mainstream bonder appmau (millions) Step 2: Product-rich product selection, large capital management platform
After initially accumulating a certain number of users, Ka-shin began to enrich the product selection and set up a major fund management platform: 1) roll-out of the fund sales platform "oneource " , which allows users to screen and buy the fund directly online, which greatly enhances accessibility and accessibility
Under this model, the user deposits the funds centrally in the account and distributes them among the different products.
Increased ease of operation and the introduction of the concept of asset management. 3) Obtaining a bank license makes it possible to absorb significant amounts of user funds for conversion to other types of investment. As the product remains abundant, the interest and management ratio in the income composition is increasing.
In terms of product supply, the platform currently provides regular finance (bonds, insurance, income vouchers, etc.), public fund-raising.
Funds (almost 100% of products on the market), private fund-raising (for high-net customers), equities (including deep and Hong Kong dollar shares), financing coupons, futures, etc., are also being applied for public fund-raising license plates, insurance brokerage plates. The products will be enriched in the future.
Supply, building a one-stop wealth management platform. Chart 20: Eastern wealth product lines are rich  Step 3: Services — accurate control of users' needs, introduction of targeted services, enhancement of stickyness
The next natural course of development is to take care of the service when there is a large number of users plus a wealth of products.
In view of the marked differences in the needs of the two categories of users, letters of appreciation provide tailored and differentiated services - in the face of price-sensitive, user-seeking experiences, investment experiences, online smart investment services, asset allocation based on user risk preferences
It is recommended that, in the face of price insensitivity, quality of services, high net clients with diversified demand, credit for specialized clients, and a one-to-one service through an offline network. 2) Outsourcing is not a good business.
In response to increased demand, Kaji launched the ria (registeredvestmentadvisor) platform, connecting users to outside investors - not only to meet the diversity of client demand, but also to meet some costs. As business evolves, asset management is attributed to investment advisory services.
The share has also increased, reaching 50.6% by the end of 2017, thus demonstrating the important role that investment services play in further improving the eco-economy of wealth management. Toyoshi has created a unique investment service through the platform’s community-modified + underline network.
In view of the large number of homeless families in the country and the often calibrated nature of the Eastern wealth app, which perpetuates the pc-end community atmosphere, and which is rich in uuc: 1) in terms of dynamic, high-profile, quick, self-selection options, taking into account the comprehensiveness and timeliness of the articles/units, user reviews are active,
It's often done ahead of time. 2) For advice, it's divided into question-and-answer squares - user direct question-and-answer areas: stock market resolution - professional investment advisers provide client services: good people watch boards - stock rolls the idea of investment: equity schools - equity investment training.
The exchange of ideas has also increased the stickyness of users. On the other hand, Eastern wealth is also actively opening off-line sites — 106 were opened as of March 2018, more than double the number of 42 at the end of 2016 — creating a pattern of on-line access, off-line service, one through the network.
In terms of market potential, given the high and more dynamic share of domestic individual investors - over 80% of transactions by individual investors in the payout and over 80% of transactions by individual investors in the United States stock market.
And the US shares are less than 300% — so the potential market size of the Eastern wealth of the same retail customers in the country is larger than that of Kato. Figure 24: Share of transactions of different types of investors submitted
Figure 26: Average exchange rate between shares and shares in the United States (%)
Banks and bond dealers, as old-fashioned distributors, have for many years dominated the market, but there are also problems of product homogenization, inadequate service capacity, such as physical network coverage, institutional credibility, regulatory dividends, and control over some of the user funds (e.g. bank deposits).
In 2012, regulations liberalized third-party institutions from applying for fund sales licences to allow independent third parties to enter the area of fund sales, with a greater focus on individual investors who are price-sensitive, purchase-friendly and based on low rates, purely online operations, flexible mechanisms and services
The Sky Fund under the Eastern Treasures is the champion of the third-party marketing platform, and the Sky Fund Network is the third-party platform, with the largest access to the fund company (the base).
This 100% coverage, top-of-the-art access fund products, and the largest non-fund sales stand-alone third-party platform. Both the platform’s revenue and the Māori ratio are at the cutting edge on a large scale.
In bits, the advantage of the flow is central. With the early stock bar forum, Eastern wealth has accumulated a large number of investors, not only in large numbers, but also in high quality -- in terms of higher income, relatively rich investment experience, higher per capita investment, and higher risk tolerance.
Strong types, so it's also striking at the conversion rate of the fund's sales. As you can see, day by day, the fund's mau is in the forefront of the industry, and the individual mau has the highest annual sales, close to 200,000. We think that Toyo is significantly better than the number and quality of users of other platforms.
In terms of business models and income, we believe that the Internet attributes of Eastern wealth are now better.
At the operational level: The big user base + online model is the fundamental business starting with the Internet. Eastern wealth starts with the vertical financial community on the line, which is typical of the Internet, the vertical community, and the model of car homes, stations, etc.
The rich began to explore the path of flow realization — Eastern wealth, like other Internet communities, initially chose the relatively low threshold mode of realization: but as users grew, platform investment became more mature, and the money was able to expand the electricity provider at the right time — fund sales, which satisfied user information.
Post-consumption investment needs, transition natural, have grown rapidly in size, and fund sales have evolved into largely Internet-based models. Even after the start of the stock flow, Eastern finance operations have taken on strong Internet features – standardized brokering, blending on-line at low prices;
Central instead of licence plates — based on a profound understanding of user behaviour and demand — step-by-step income dimension: income from user flows and online channels dominates Internet advertising in income, financial e-commerce services and most securities services revenues
Advertising, fund sales, brokerage in securities, and blending operations all fall within the category of liquidity. The share of securities in recent years has gradually increased, mainly as a result of the expansion of brokering and blending, and reflects its ability to make multiple liquiditys.
Disaggregated income projections: we believe that the securities business will continue to be the most important engine of growth, reaching $1.95 billion in 2018, or 57 per cent of total income, of which brokers are the result of a rapid increase in the city ' s share; and that the Fund ' s sales operations will continue to be the steady cash cow, 2018
▪ Investment proposals: In terms of the nature of the business and the growth of the company, we believe that Eastern wealth and credit tags can be matched with a peg valuation method. Caricature 1-yrpeg is 1.5 times, and we expect Eastern to create policy and regulatory risks. Given the current tightening of financial sector regulation, especially for Internet finance.
Business requirements are more regulated, and political advice may be put in place to restrict business areas, slow business expansion, etc., with a negative impact on Eastern wealth.
Faced with issues such as internal integration with the seized Tibetan securities, the rapid laying of the offline network, and the establishment of personnel and organizations, inappropriate handling can significantly affect the performance of the securities business. ▪ Securities market risks.
Off. If stock and fund markets perform poorly, the size of the Eastern wealth business, as well as income and profitability, will be affected to a greater extent.  Financing risks.
29% of income, and the high financial requirements of this type of business require larger-scale financing by companies, and there is some risk of financing in the current financing environment.  Receivables as a proportion of income are at a higher risk.
The resulting foreclosures for fund sales operations, foreclosures for fund sales operations and liquidations for brokerage activities are all recorded as other receivables, resulting in a higher share of net corporate receivables in income, and a subsequent average calculation of final ratings as average market investments