The value of new contracts has increased significantly, and the new materials project has steadily advanced with total operating income of 13.7919 billion yuan, an increase of 25.39 per cent in the same year; the net profit of the parent has increased by 26.64 per cent in the same year. The company achieved business income of $35,291 million in the first quarter of 2022, a gain of 25.39 per cent in the same year.
At the same time, the company announcement data show that the cumulative amount of new contracts was $10,391.4 million, a steady increase in corporate revenue and performance in 2021 compared to the growth rate and a continued high growth trend in the 2022q1 battalion. In 2021, the company operated robustly, with a simultaneous increase in revenue performance.
To 13,7919 million yuan, an increase of 25.39 per cent in the same year; the net profit from repatriation is 4,633 million yuan, an increase of 78.96 per cent of the income from the main business, and the infrastructure operations/environmental governance operations/business operations/modern development of the Division has been stepped up in carrying out tasks and developing projects, in particular the successful development of the Baltic Sea project.
This led to a similar increase in revenue: direct material and subcontracting by companies grew in the same year as a result of higher prices of upstream raw materials, resulting in a narrowing of the Māori rate in 2021. In 2021, the company ' s three fees were well regulated, with interest rates falling in part of the period leading to a decrease in interest expenditure and a 13.1 per cent decrease in financial costs throughout the year.
The high growth trend continued in the 20201 battalion, and demand for engineering in the downstream chemical industry rebounded. Business income of $35,291 million was realized in the first quarter of 2022, representing an increase of 41.54 per cent in the same year; net profit return of $977 million, representing an increase of 19.73 per cent in the same year; and operating cash changed to $6881 million, representing a change in the same year.
A strong market opening and a boost to production and business, while upstream raw material prices continue to rise, companies continue to operate well in the first year of the year, and the value of new contracts rise significantly.
3. Order/take-over growth, carbon distribution and future high single-speed growth. As the impact of the epidemic is further reduced, business within and outside the company is further enhanced.
878 construction contractors and 537 survey design supervisors. In terms of geographical distribution, the contract amounts to $9,30.008 billion, an increase of 85.86 per cent over the previous year; the offshore contract amounts to $1,0,006 million in three projects, accelerating the transition to new materials.
The company is working on three new chemical materials: diazole nylon, new materials, aerosols, and degradable plastics, while several projects are making breakthrough progress:
1. The Tianhai Xing Xin Xiangyu project was a single-carried success on March 31, 2022, and the installation successfully produced the first batch of qualified products of high quality. 2) The new Chinese material aerosol project was a single-carrying success on February 27, 2022 and is now in production.
The first batch of eligible silicone nanoglue composite insulation products has been produced. 3) The new chemical-spatial materials developed by the company ' s subsidiary, Chemical Design Institute III Ltd., have been successful in producing 100,000 tons per year of plastics pbat from the first phase of the project.
The company continues to promote the storage and development of new materials and accelerates its expansion into new materials. According to the announcement of the Department, the company is involved in the project “Dry Direct Condoms with Medium-Membrane Materials” and “10000”
The Ton Level Renewable Energy Hydrogen Synthetic Ammonium Demonstration Project entered the Ministry of Science and Technology's 2021 national heavy point R & D plan for publicizing the list. The Poe project has completed the pilot processing package and site selection for the project and is now in the pilot design and construction phase: mch (methylcyclohexane) test installation and catalyst
Preparations have been completed, cars have been successfully driven and stable operations have been maintained; the Efficient Environmentally Sound Catalyst project has been completed with a pilot package for the project, which will build a 1,000-ton medium-scale test device at the Jaibo base.
The company was able to drive. The pilot project on gasification in Shandong-Teng County was mechanically completed, and the test vehicle is about to begin. The demonstration unit for the conversion of hydrogen from garbage was built in Beijing. The test vehicle for the production of hydrogen gas has been completed.
The carbon black recycling project has completed the preparation of laboratory samples. A full-position smart welding machine has completed the closure of the Sichuan Mountain Dorysilium Project and is now being expanded to use it. The company has accelerated the layout of the new nylon material field and is simultaneously exploring the planning of multiple nylons in other regions.
The project, which will gradually industrialize its own technology, will play an important role in bridging the country’s nylon industrial chain, promoting the upgrading of materials in the field of defence, promoting industrial health, and expanding the pattern of market applications. As companies move into new materials, it is hoped that they will increase their voice in the new materials industry.
It is not as productive as it is expected: chemical project audits are tightened: risks to the safe production of the enterprise, etc. Using information of legal compliance, the report is presented independently and objectively, and the data and information used in the report are from open information in the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.