The increase in the value of new contracts has been significant, and the amount of new contracts for the Xuan diazole project has increased significantly. This is mainly due to the increased demand for chemical works in the country. In terms of type of operation, 1306 construction contracts have been contracted, with a cumulative value of 133,476 million new contracts.
878 consulting services for survey design supervisors, with a cumulative value of $2.759 billion for new contracts, and 33.93/17.62/4337 million for new contracts for business and new materials sales/modern services/other operations, respectively.
The country’s national policy, the expansion of capital investment, and the rise in demand for construction work in the chemical industry. To benefit from the rise in demand for construction work in the chemical industry in the country, foreign contracts amount to $17,653 million, an increase of 229,01% compared to the previous year, mainly to mitigate the effects of the epidemic abroad.
On March 31, the company's subordinates took a firm step forward.
2. The transition to high-value-added materials has resulted in a number of projects leading to a one-time drive to the nylon new materials project (phase one) of the nylon device, which successfully produced the first batch of eligible products and produced a high-quality product.
The production of the natural base and phosphorus plants is being carried out in such a way as to ensure the smooth production of the product.
The company will continue to accelerate its own national production of diazole and move to a new material track. At the same time, the company has made corresponding progress on other new material projects: the new Chinese material aerosol project, which was successfully driven once and for all on 27 February 2022, has now produced the first eligible silicon.
The rice gel composite insulation product; the degradable plastic pbat project built by the company ' s subsidiary Chemical Industries Institute III Ltd., a company of new chemical and natural materials from the chemical industry, Ltd., was successfully completed by mechanical means during the first year of the 100,000 tons pbat project, and the entire process of driving, testing and production began.
The company continues to promote the storage and development of new materials and accelerates the expansion of new materials.
New chemical materials such as americium, diphenylmethane diocyanate (mdi), benzene diocyanate (tdi), polycrysil, organic silicon, phenol acetone, polycarbonate, molten salt heat storage, core technologies in the field of new energy are internationally advanced.
The project “Model Process for Hydrogen Synthetic Ammonium Hydrogen from Renewable Energy Level 100,000” entered the Ministry of Science and Technology's list of priority national research and development plans for 2021. The Poe project has completed work on the pilot package and site selection of the project and is now in the intermediate design and construction phase; mch (a)
The construction and preparation of catalysts for pilot installations in cyclohexanes has been completed, cars have been successfully driven and are still in steady operation; the Efficient Environmentally Sound Catalyst project has provided small test samples to the relevant suppliers, which are tested for the performance of the vehicle testing centre through medium-air research. The nylon 12 project has been completed and will be tested at the Jianbo base.
Construction of a 1,000-ton medium-scale test device. The first domestic hppo (epoxypropane) built with its own technology, the industrialization device, was successfully driven by Jiangsu Fuqiang New Materials Ltd. The pilot project for gasification, which was built in Shandongzhou, was completed mechanically and will soon begin work on the test vehicle.
Hydrogen demonstration unit, fed to test vehicle, produced hydrogen gas purity. Large-scale supercritical carbon dioxide cycle generators involved in research and development are being transported in Xian. The carbon black recycling project has been completed with a sample of the laboratory.
• The Integrated Development Strategy “Focus Master + High-According Materials Extension”, which allows companies to develop their future niches in chemical engineering and expand their infrastructure operations while accelerating the emergence of new strategic products
The company maintains a focus on industry, extending to higher value-added industries, focusing on polyvinyl hydrocarbons (poe), environmental catalysts, pbat, asa resins, polyamide, nylons, nylon 12, gasification, mch storage of hydrogen, etc.
In the area of technology, small-scale pilot R & D, mid-test magnification, and industrial transformation of key technologies are driven in an orderly manner, extending the product chains, industrial chains, value chains of R & D plates and business plates. Companies are expected to become integrated service providers for carbon neutral solutions in the two-carbon age.
Fluid engineering companies, with a deep technology base and a high capacity for innovation in research and development, have not only accumulated considerable experience in traditional major chemical industries, but have also achieved breakthroughs in autonomous research and development in natural alkalines, phosphorous chemicals, etc. In carbon neutrals, companies have been able to use the photovoltaic, wind, efficient storage and hydrogen energy sectors.
Research and development on new high-end materials technology has been carried out. Companies can further develop new materials by promoting the industrialization of a large number of new materials, such as poe, pom, asa, which are developed autonomously.
The company is expected to become a carbon neutral solution in a two-carbon era, less productive than expected, more stringent chemical project audits, safer production in the company, etc. Using legally compliant information, the report is presented independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are from the public information available in the market, and I have done so.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.