The annual report of the Bank of China on investment in non-monetary financial instruments (US$ 27,565 million in operating income) was evaluated as follows: first in eight years of corporate debt underwriting, smooth financial management performance: the 2022 report was published by the Bank of China, and the company was able to earn 27,565 million yuan in operating income.
In 2022, the company invested $5,927 million in net revenue, a 5.24 per cent increase over the previous year, and a 2.65 per cent increase in revenue, which was 21.50 per cent. The investment industry maintained its dominant position and contributed to the growth of the company ' s overall performance.
Important contributions. In equity financing, debt financing, financial advisers, companies have achieved a leading market share and client profile in the industry, demonstrating strong professional competence in equity financing, 79 companies completed equity financing projects in 2022, with major underwriting.
The sum of 133,388 million yuan is in the second place and third place respectively. Of these, ipo is in the second place in the second place in the second place in the second place in the second place in the second place in the second place in the second place in the second place in the second place in the second place in the second place in the second place in the second place in the second place in the case of 24 refinancing projects (including transhipments) under review.
In terms of debt financing, in 2022, the company completed a total of 2,501 bond masters, Eastern Securities 2022: Financial management trends
In terms of financial advisers, in 2022, the company completed the sale of shares to purchase assets and major assets.
In 2022, in a context of market volatility, the CBI business actively promoted business innovation and transformation upgrades, enhanced customer experience and satisfaction, achieved robust performance and net operating income of $5.930 billion.
In 2022, the net revenue market for corporate securities brokering was 4.03 per cent, the sixth largest in the industry; the net income (including seating leases) for agency trading securities was 3.85 per cent, the eighth largest in the industry; and the net income market share for agent sales of financial products was 5.37 per cent, the sixth highest in the industry.
For the third year in a row, the revenue from business and net profits from the investment futures were at an all-time high of 14.87 trillion yuan, an increase of 6.64 per cent over the previous year; the number of new clients increased on a year-on-year basis.
In 2022, as a result of the fall in the size of the market, the net income of the company ' s two-way operation was $3.823 billion, a decrease of 7.06 per cent from the previous year, and the interest income on the financing voucher was the tenth largest in the industry. As at the end of the year, the net income from the management of the gold was 1,473 million yuan, an increase of 5.63 per cent, or 5.34 per cent of the total revenue.
Of this amount, net income from the Fund ' s management operations was $491 million, representing an increase of 24.75 per cent over the same period; $50,179 million, representing an increase of 11.74 per cent over the same period; and the size of the assets management of the CBIF.
At the end of 2022, China-Kinjia invested in large-scale coupons this month. The company’s performance was overtaken by the pressure on its own. In 2022, the net income from the company’s main business was more volatile overall in 2022a stock markets, and the company’s stock trading business insisted on absolute returns.
The digital transformation expands its advantages and the beneficial registration system for the operations of the IBS is in place. Under the full registration system, the company’s leadership in the IBS is expected to continue to strengthen its leading position in the IBS business area, with its leading edge in quality control, innovation-driven, internationalization, and overall corporate performance.
Growth provides a strong impetus; the transformation of brokerage and financial management operations has been very effective, with companies focusing on agency buying, sales revenues and market shares in priority areas, and competitive advantages are expected to continue to be released; as the market returns on the annual investment in Xinjiang: in the first eight years of corporate debt cover, brokerage financial management performance is robust
Profit projection and financial indicators: Institute, Beijing, Beijing, West Side, No. 9 North Avenue.
The company ' s uniform social credit code is: 91530007557165982d.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold the position of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
These companies provide or seek to provide investment banking services.