The company's review of the agro-forestry and fishing industry has been growing steadily in May, and it's going to take over the white feather chicken chain in the Kyoto Sea poultry industry.
Scheji Yoon's corporate bonds and cash payments to purchase own-own-own-own-owns and raise fund-raising plans. 2, our analysis and judgment.
1. The proposed acquisition of 80 per cent of the Kyoto poultry sector and the improvement of the chain of meat and chicken industry company announcement that 80 per cent of the Kyoto poultry industry is to be acquired by issuing shares (30 per cent), converting bonds (40 per cent) and paying cash (30 per cent), with an estimated equity value of approximately $640 million; and it is agreed that it will be self-employed.
2019.4.1 - 2022.3.31 The Kyoto poultry industry is committed to a cumulative profit of not less than $410 million. The Kyoto poultry industry is deeply plowing white feathers, the chicken industry, producing 8 million chicken seedlings for white feather parents, and 100 million chicken seedlings for commercial products, which was realized in 2018. The revenue is $452 million, resulting in a net profit of $222 million, with a net interest rate of 49.25 per cent and a net asset return of 77.8 per cent.
Listed companies, mainly in the business of pheasant chickens and pig-breeding, this acquisition is the company's strategic entry point in the field of pheasant chicken farming, providing a solid foundation for the company's future development of a mature and complete meat-cooking chain 2.
According to Boa and the news, on 4 June, the average price for pig production in some of the provinces and cities of the country was 15.73 yuan/kg, the ring ratio was +0.9%, of which Guangdong, Gansu,
The Zhejiang has reached more than $17/kg. Starting at the end of the 18-year period, the pigpest affected by Africa’s pestilence speeds up the production of pigs, which corresponds to the current number of pig productions, and it is foreseen that the gap in future pig production will widen further to provide a basis for the price of pigs. Given the short-cycle pattern of pork consumption in the year, the demand side of the three quarters will gradually grow.
In the context of the spread of the epidemic, large farms have the advantages of management, vaccination, extension, and surplus, and in the context of the price of pigs, birthing pigs is the key to determining elasticity in performance.