The farm carrier is well-run, the turning point is the windfall, the Winch shares, the Winch shares are reported for the year.
Winch shares published their annual report for 2018, where the company achieved business income of 57,244 million yuan, an increase of 2.85 per cent over the same year, and net profits attributable to the company ' s shareholders in the public market of 3,957 million yuan, a decrease of $41.38 per cent, eps 0.75 over the same year.
The seed cost is about $11.5 per kilogram, estimated at an average of 1.8 kg of yellow chicken and an average of $13.6 per kilogram per year, and is expected to yield a net gain of $2.83 billion. Based on the judgement that pig prices will increase in the second half of 2019 under both supply and demand, we believe that yellow chicken, as the main meat species consumed by the family, is expected to fully enjoy the shift in demand for the replacement of pork and sustain the climate.
The company sells 22,297 million meat pigs at an average price of $12.83 a year, and weighs 115.44 kg in the \triangleright column. Based on farming costs of $12.2 per kilogram, the total profit from the plank is expected to be approximately $1,621 million.
The country has a 20-30% drop in the stock of pigs, pig prices have gone into a fast-growing path after the spring season, and pig prices have opened up. Due to the restrictions on fillings, the disease has spread to the East’s financial and intellectual booming source of RMB/kg. The company now has 1.4 million pigs, which is enough to support more than 28 million outs, and the company’s use of “companies + farmers”
The camp model is modest in size and allows for full exit and reduces the risk of exposure. The company, as a viable life pig leader, is expected to show 24 million and 27 million leaders in 19-20 years, with the company’s cost-control capacity leading, its profitability will increase significantly as the prices of pigs rises. Equity incentives raise costs and cash flows stabilize. In 2018, the company completed its first restricted stock award and paid for amortization.
\triangleright has a low level of industry, excellent follow-up financing, and a steady cash flow of company operations is sufficient to meet the company’s production plans in the coming years. We look forward to a significant increase in the company’s profitability as pig prices rise, as well as the sales of yellow pheasant chicken in the second half of the year as a result of replacement demand.
The source of the wealth of the East, the source of the wealth of the East, the source of the wealth of the East, the source of the wealth of the East, the source of the wealth of the East, the source of the wealth of the East, the source of the wealth of the East, the source of the wealth of the East, the source of the wealth of the East, the source of the wealth of the East.
Graduated from Chinese Agricultural University, Master of Arts, South New Hampshire University.
A Master of Finance, University of Maryland, United States, joined East Hing Securities in 2017 for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries industry.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies