Wen's share (300498) was evaluated in the annual report for 2018.
In 2018, the company sold 22,297.7 million boars. Although the steady expansion rate was maintained, the production of pig production in 2018 was characterized by a low rate of profit.
The price of pork affects the company’s profits. Faced with the low pig-breeding market in 2018, the company has taken some accelerated steps to ensure the sale of the company’s products, and the annual number of yellow-weed chickens has declined, to 748 million, or 3.48%. But it benefits from the poultry industry.
With the warming of the climate, the rise in the price of poultry meat, and the outbreak of the plague in Africa in the second half of the year, raising the sales of poultry at a certain rate, in 2018, the company’s yellow and feathered chickens became the backbone of the company’s performance.
The rate of management costs (including R & D costs) increased by 1.26 percentage points due to the scale increase; the sales rate increased by 0.20 percentage points and the financial cost increased by 0.19 percentage points compared to the previous year. In 2019, it is expected that co-dances will be achieved. According to data from the Ministry of Rural Agriculture, pigs were born in February 2019.
The same-year decline of 16.6% and 19.1% in the same-year decline in the stock of pigs and pigs affects the ability to produce pigs six months to one year later. The current decline in pig production is due to environmental problems and non-continental pigpest, which, according to the Ministry of Agriculture, is expected to cost pigs.
In addition, as a result of the outbreak of swine fever in Africa, the demand for chicken in the market has increased, and the poultry industry is expected to continue. The company is the country’s largest producer of pork and yellow veggie chickens, and the farm has been set up in various parts of the country.
The impact is relatively small. In 2019, companies maintained a steady expansion of boars, with chickens out of the bar or more than in 2018. So, when prices rise and the poultry landscape sustains, firm performance is expected to grow steadily.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively within the limits of my knowledge.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.