The product life cycle is reshaped and the ship sails on 14/01/2022 Rivers shares are recycled: the product life cycle dominates the business life cycle.
The business and product life cycle of Ocean River Enterprises can be divided into three phases: 1) Phase I: 2003-2012, high-speed and long-term production in the 10-year background of gold; 2) Phase II: 2013-2018, re-growth after short-term adjustments; 3) Phase III: Re-exploitation from 2019 to the present.
Secretary-General, Chairman of the Party Committee, to initiate a comprehensive restructuring of sales and promote organizational separation and marketing reform; M6+ listing in November 2019, and the Blue Crystal version of the dream in November 2020; Chairman of Jan Rivers Ltd. Chang, in February 2021, who has been fully responsible for marketing since June; incentives to enter the area; and the river entering the new personnel cycle and product life cycle.
Business cycles. We believe that the new growth cycle of companies is centred on the creation of self-revolutionary structures such as products, organizations, marketing, and digital marketing to strengthen business cycles. \triangleright
The Royal Sea core price/300 dollar entry price, which benefits from the fast-growing price breakdown + profits from the upgraded core monolithic, is expected to remain solid. The blue plate of the sea is expected to be solid. It is expected to benefit from deep down-to-stocking, the blue channel of the sea is healthy, and it is expected that the product will be replaced.
A plastic-channel value chain that maintains the stability of 100-bit products; 3) marketing reform deepening and digitalization operations strengthening the business cycle. Ocean River digitalizes f2b2b2c through “one-size-fits-all” plus micro-programs, with more than 80% of channels and consumer-connected scavenging, creating a tight long-term balance between supply and demand by matching actual consumer demand with supply-side shipments.
Two years of steady down-swinging of corporate channels, with digital operations helping to stretch the life cycle of the product, thereby strengthening the business cycle. Multi-coloured ditches, fancy wine.
Rivers, Trenchs, and Liquor are the company's three core growth poles, creating "Beautiful Oceans, Colors, Liquor." Currently, the company has a three-quarterly report on the ocean River (002304). The independent two-divine marketing, management, production, and financial system, with a target of “1450 billion” at the end of 2016.
A review of unrecurring profit-disturbing profits, dream blues, purchase of expensive wine, possession of two major production bases in Guiyang Yuen and Maotai Town, pre-positioning of the sauce, 2021 Liquor with hot sauce, leading to a good start.
Market expansion and company independence of the Liquor marketing system.
The company has largely completed a wide range of product, organizational, marketing and other reforms, and the dividends of the reform are on the way to release, with the new chairman taking up his post taking full credit: successful product swaps, faster income recovery, management of sales, promotion of equity incentives, and the opening of a new cycle of personal and product life cycle-led business experiences.
4. Stockholdings in the Ocean Rivers (002304), core cadres 2021
The impact of the epidemic is expected to continue beyond expectations, such as increased competition in core markets outside the province.
In the year 2010-2011, the company completed the acquisition of the two-crow wine industry, which now has two brands: Ocean Rivers, and Two-Clusters. The river brews wine, which began in Handé, began in the city of Tang, flourished in Myung Qing, was elected to the royal family, and has the reputation of the "Futuquine Sea, which is the first family in the south of the river" .
In August 1979, for the first time, the wine fair adopted a rigorous scientific passphrase, which became a milestone in the history of the white wine industry in China. At the conference, the ocean was written as "Sweet, Sweetness, Sweetness."
The unique style of Ping, soft, clean, and fragrant is known as "China's Best Liquor" and has since become one of China's eight most famous wines, the fourth and fifth editions of the National Liquor Federation. The two-crowd wine industry, which began in 1732 (Kingzhengzheng) is almost 300 years old, and the fifth edition of the National Review in 1989.
At the wine fair, the 53° duel, the 39° duel, the 46° duel were awarded the National Monument and the Gold Medal; the 33° duel was awarded the National High Quality Wine and the Silver Medal.
The Ocean River Group, formerly the Jiangsu-Yu River Liquor Factory, was founded in July 1949 and transformed into the Ocean Rivers Group in 1997 as a whole. In 2002, the Ocean Rivers Group, as the main sponsor, brought together six legal persons, namely Shanghai Smoking, Illustrian Investment, Shanghai Tze Qiang, Jiang So-gau Investment, and 14 natural persons, Yang Ting Cave, Zhang Yu-Ber, among others, and initiated the establishment of the Ocean Rivers Consort Company.
Management-controlled Blue Sky and Blue Sea trades (which were absorbed by the Blue Alliance in 2016) have managed to hold shares through targeted equity additions and successfully marketed in 2009. The company acquired Guizhou wine, and in 2017, the company acquired the thick industry hospitality industry, making it one of the two major “China wines” and two in the industry.
An enterprise with an "old Chinese character", six Chinese trademarks, a 4a-class landscape in two countries, two national industrial heritage sites and a national priority cultural heritage conservation unit.
By the end of 2020, the company had 319,585 tons of design capacity, 609,147 tons of old wine, and the production and storage of alcohol was the first in the entire industry. In 2020, the company was ranked third in the world in terms of revenue and profits.
Figure 2: Third in industry, in 2020, the largest company in Jiangsu Province devoted more than 95 per cent to the white industry, and the main products were blue classics (blue of the sea, blue of the sky, blue of the dream) which are listed in the column, Treasure of the sea, big of the ocean river, big of the diagonals, and so on, where the blue classic series now accounts for more than 80 per cent.
The company’s products, mainly fragrance-based white wine, were purchased in 2016, and the price was 100 to 1,000 dollars, covering the whole price band. In recent years, the company has also been pushing for a change of product, with the launch of Dream 6+ in 2019, the launch of Dream Blue Crystal in 2020, and a new upgrade in 2021 to the sky’s blue, the Trench Treasure Room, the Soo, etc.
In 2018, good progress was made in the nationalization of the company, with the share of revenue going to and from the provinces close to 1:1 in the year to $24.2 billion, which was $8.1 billion, a historic high. Since 2019, the company has been affected by the maturity of its dominant product life cycle, with income and profit adjustments, and since 2021, as the company's adjustments have worked, income and profits have grown again in a positive way.
Figure 3: Over $20 billion in recent years in ocean river shares, Figure 4: Adjustments in ocean river net profits in recent years
Since the roll-out of the blue classic, the river has experienced four directors, Yangtze, Zhang Yubai, Wang Yiu, Zhang Dongdong, and has introduced “1+1” in-depth distribution models, as well as marketing innovations, such as the “Customs Media” model, and incentives, with companies successfully launched in 2009
In July 2019, Liu Xingxuan took over the marketing and upgraded m6, m3 by remaking product life week.
Since taking office at the beginning of 2021, the United East has been fully divided between the Ocean River Marketing Company, the Independent Double Gap and the Liquor Marketing Organization, and has completed a systematic staff transfer. In mid-2021, the Staff Holding Scheme was introduced, with a 15 per cent growth target for 21 and 22 years, with over 5,000 employees benefiting from improved incentives.
This round of employee holdings represents a significant increase in the total amount of the company ' s pre-market management holdings, while at the same time it has a wider coverage. By the end of 2020, the company had a total of 15831 employees, while the current round of employee holdings covered more than 5,000 persons, accounting for nearly one third of the total staff, and the public sector ' s incentive mechanism was improved.
3-Maritime stock recycling: product life cycle dominates business life cycle. Product life cycle dominates ocean business life cycle. Reviewing the past business and product life cycle of the ocean river, we can divide it into three phases: 1) Phase I: 2003-2012, high speed and long-term product in the context of the Golden Decade; 2) Phase II:
In 2009, the blues of the ocean, the blues of the sky and the blues of the dream were transformed into m3, m6 and m9. At the same time, the process of nationalization of the company was steadily advanced, with a typical structural convergence of growth: billion, the blues of the dream grew from zero to about 5 billion yuan in 2009-2017.
Around Jiangsu markets such as Ganganan, Shandong, Anhui, and others, by 2020, revenue from sales outside Yoo River Province was about 10.77 billion yuan, representing 57% of the compound growth in the ocean river camp in 2003-2012 in the context of the decade of white wine gold.
The price gap between the five-dollar food springs; the blue price of the sky is 258 dollars, which is the backbone of the bridge between high-end gifts and the middle-class mainstream. Benefits from the fast-growing 100-dollar price of the white wine industry between 2003 and 2007, and the fast-growing blue of the ocean.
Rapidly replacing the blue of the sea with structural upgrades. In 2009, the blue crack of the 5a-class dream became m3, m6, m9, strategically pre-arranged, sub-higher prices, provincial promotion of the blue of the dream, extra-provincial promotion of the blue of the sky, the sky and dreams gradually continued, becoming the second-largest growth in corporate performance, with consumer-oriented growth and the creation of a medium-plate 2.0 model.
On the basis of the “Customs” 1.0 (at the heart of the hotel) model, the Moderate 2.0 model (at the heart of the delegation), followed by the creation of the 1+1 producer collaboration model (in-depth distribution), the 4*3 post-terminal model (building of the distribution system, distributor selection criteria, vendor relations system), and the 5382 group acquisition model (upgrade of the group purchase channel to the strategic level).
Figure 9: Changes in the pattern of company channels in 2000-2005: "Hold Up High" in the province, with a general nationalization of the Golden Decade. In 2003, when the Blue Book of the Ocean was on the market, the world was still in the middle of a regional liquor company based in North Suzhou.
So, on the regional scale, after the company created a certain consumption climate in 2004 in Jiang VIII, the blue price of the sea went into Nanjing market, leading to a radiation-guided position in Jiangsu province through the highland market in Nanjing province, leading to the marketing of the largest scale in Jiangsu province, which was launched in 2007 and until 2011, all the local markets in the company ' s domestic market were sold.
Over billions of yuan in total; 22 of the country ' s thirty-four provincial markets in the out-of-provincial market are selling more than 100 million yuan, 700 million yuan in the local market, and 3.3 billion yuan in the district market throughout the year.
By 2018, the river was ahead of the rapid recovery of the industry and then back to growth. In phases: 2012 - 2015: influenced by the "eight rules", the white wine industry entered a period of adjustment, the poo price ceiling fell from $1,800 to $800, the blue of the dream fell, the blue of the sky remained stable, and the blue of the sea grew in reverse.
(b) 2015 - 2018: the recovery price ceiling opened, the sub-high price grew fast, the sea blue, the sky blue grew flat, the dream blue grew faster, and the structure of the company's products moved rapidly up.
Organizationally, in 2014, the company abolished sector marketing centres throughout the country, set up sophisticated marketing operations and support and guarantee systems, reduced the middle level, flattening channels, enhanced market functions, faster management and responsiveness to market demand.
In 2015, in an effort to open up out-of-provincial markets, the company further proposed a “522 mega-engineering project” to create a consumer atmosphere. In 2012, the company opened up the new Jiangsu market and sunk out of the country; 2015
The year was marked by the opening of the Xinxu market outside the province based on Jiangsu, the maintenance of 20 per cent + per cent growth in out-of-town income in 15-18, and the rapid resumption of growth of the ocean river in the low industrial landscape in the extra-provincial market.
Figure 15: Number of Xinjiang Sou markets: 3.3 Phase III: 2019 to the present year, re-drawn the sails of the heavy boats, 2019-2020, with a high industrial profile and a fall in the ocean river camp.
The industry has achieved structural growth, with rising consumption leading to high-end, sub-high-end prices, and weak growth in middle-end alcohol. But in the process, there has been a decline in ocean harvests; we believe that the decline in ocean harvests is backed by an ageing of products, tissues, models, incentives, and qualitative judgements: corporate systemic ageing has slowed down 20 billion “large ships” at a rate that requires systematic adjustment under a massive inertia.
The sea sky is not changing and the dream blue products are getting older. The company’s sub-higher product dream blues are moving up slowly, and no apparent replacements have been made for 10 years since the 2009 fission; in addition, in recent years, the ocean rivers have focused on the dream blue development and the decline in the blue input to the sea and the sky (brand construction inputs, channel cost inputs) has led to a reduction in product prevalence; and, in 2018, the ocean rivers have become less mobile.
Large monolithic sea and day-to-day repackaging rigidly priced increases, which are not easy to replace in the context of the high stock of old product channels, have resulted in a decline in sales in the blue and sky-blue seas in 2019-2020. Figure 16: Ocean river revenues and acceleration (in billions of dollars)
Figure 17: Growth in income from the Oceanic Dreams: 3.3.2 2020 to date: a new product life cycle begins. From 2020 to date, a new product life cycle has dominated a new business cycle.
Secretary and Chairman of the Party Committee of Sioux Liquor Trading Co. Ltd. (sales company) to fully open the sales restructuring; M6+ listing in November 2019, the Blue Crystal version of the dream in November 2020, listing; Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Public Sector with Limited Shares in the Yangtze River in February 2021, full division of sales since June, and the River opening of a new cycle of personnel and product life cycle-led business
Aging product solutions: reprogramming products, dream blue lead increases. Reconstructing dream blues, m6+, m9 , manual class trio. The river expects high-end white brands to change to whites, i.e., to significantly enhance dream blue brands. Dream blues, as lead brands in ocean river brands, m6+, m9 , manual classes are trio cars, corresponding to sub-high, high-end, super-high.
End product, the current company ' s readjustment of dream blue product, m9 and m9 manual work to construct a price belt of more than $1,000, launch a new item m6+substitute m6, focus on 700-dollar blank price belt, aiming to achieve the fourth-largest price item in the country in the lower part of the capital cellar, P5; DreamBlue Crystal (m3 upgrade product) to absorb 500-bit upgrades in and out of the province; new edition
In November 2019, the product line was completely upgraded, starting with the introduction of m6+, seeking to be representative of the 700-dollar price belt and carrying digital marketing patterns.
1) with the blue brand of the m6+ Lagoon Dream; 2) m6+ in line with industry developments above the upper end to provide a new growth pole for corporate performance growth. Blue of the Dream, Crystal version, which takes over the rising consumption in and out of the province. In November 2020, Blue of the Dream, Crystal version, used as " Crystal Dream"
M3 Upgraded products are marketed with a $500 price belt, continuing the logic of m6+ "increment, raise, increase" products, with the expectation of growth in line with consumption escalation within and outside the province. Marketing systems are ageing solutions: one-stop shops, multi-business liners, and shift costs to consumers. Used to be guided by the industry.
The system, the terminal point, is directly controlled by the manufacturer; it is adjusted and integrated into the manufacturer, and the principle of division of labour is based on resources and capabilities, which determine who is the leader, depending on the resources and capacity of the distributor and the manufacturer. If the distributor in the regional market has sufficient resources and capacity, it is led by the distributor and the company collaborates; if the dealer has the financial power but does not have the resources, the company is led by the "fuck."
(c) Distributors' system has shifted from “multi-business” to “one-business-based, multi-business-side” and the cost-infusion system has been re-established, with two basic principles: 1) to adjust the proportion and intensity of inputs and to reduce absolute inputs to a consumer-oriented orientation; and 2) to adjust the types of cost-input items and the different costs of different product designs.
Aging solutions for the organizational system: marketing companies are fine-structured and have been branded since 21 years. But with dream blues rising, the sea, sky, and dream sales have not been separated. Previously, based on dream blue sales, a percentage of the total was added over and over, and the sales team valued dream blues more than the delivery coefficient. In late 2019, the company promoted organizational separation.
The reform, which brought the Blue Department of Dreams (m6, m3) into independent operation with the Oceanic Department, resolved the issue of the operation of different price belt products by the same team; in 2021, the two ditches and the Liquor Marketing System were set up independently, with separate companies and the Liquor Marketing Department operating in a comprehensive branding operation, and promoted the Ocean River Plus Double Branding Strategy.
In Shanghai, Heilongjiang, and Kawasaka, the chief executives have made changes in their personnel and promoted the rejuvenation of their cadres.
Not to reward the increase, but to appoint the 85-year-old Länder to the Shanghai, Anhui, Zhejiang, Heilongjiang, etc., to “dismantling” the area in terms of personnel, costs, etc., in the future or to further clarify the division of functions between the former and the back-office.
On October 29, 2019, the company announced the launch of the repurchase of a total of $1 billion for employee equity incentives, and on July 15, 2021, for employees of the Yangtze stock incentive.
The purchase price of $103.73 was the average buy-back price, with an incentive of over 5,000 people, a full range of equity incentives, an average per capita of about 200,000, a 4-dream blue aid structural upgrade, a 4.1-high-end white wine business cycle, and a continued rapid expansion of the industry
4.1.1 rounds of high-end white wine nationwide The industrial ceiling is open and the secondary high-end track is growing at a high rate. With Pu-V, the cellar, 1573 plates, moving up to $900+, the current sub-high-end white wine price range extends to $300-800, which can be divided into 300 high-end entry points, 400-600.
High-end core prices, and 700-800 sub-high-end challenge prices, with ocean rivers m6+/dream blue crystals/blues of the sky in place. Since 2016, the second-high-end white industry has benefited from the matai and five batches of white wine, and the industry's “price ceiling” has risen significantly, driving the sub-high-end white industry to “volume-up” from about $15 billion to 70 billion in 2020.
Figure 26: White wine size and acceleration in the sub-high end industry Figure 27: White wine industry pattern in the sub-high end in 2020 4.1.2 Jiangsu economy leads the country, with rising consumption driving the price of white wine upwards
Jiangsu is the country ' s economy and population department, with a resident population of approximately 8,475 million in 2020, with a disposable income of $43390 per person, which is above the national average ($32189). Thanks to the higher level of economic development, the consumption of wine in Jiangsu has risen to the top of the country ' s average, with the main prices in the provinces ranging from $200 to $500, and the overall market is over 40 billion in size (workshop prices).
According to the subregion, economic development is uneven in Jiangsu Province, where the South Sudan region, represented by Nanjing, the capital of the province, is now at a sub-high price of over $300, while the Long Triangle is booming in business activity, where the consumption scenes are dominated by wedding receptions and business consumption, and local and national brand-new wines. The North is relatively low, with a mainstream price of around $200, but with a per capita white.
Liquor consumption is high, but it is also the home of the ocean's rivers, the world's currents, and the dominant consumption is dominated by the ocean's oceanic seas, the world's most elegant systems. The prices and per capita consumption of wine in Su are at a medium level.
The main products of the Ocean River and the present world cover the main consumption belts in the province, while the provincial channels are well-placed and branded. The foreign brands are divided into two main categories, the national brands of wine, such as the huts, the five grain fluids, the cellars, the sword and the south spring, which account mainly for high-end and sub-high-end prices, and the brands of wine, which, due to the geographical proximity of Anhui and Jiangsu, have large population movements and similar consumption habits.
Guai, the driver, etc., also has a seat on the brand, but the price band is relatively low. By split, the ratio of white wine consumption in Jiangsu province at more than $300 is over 50%, and the price at $1,000 and more is dominated by the national brand. The next highest price is 300-500 and the price at $500-800, 300-500.
The belt has expanded rapidly in recent years, with a clear upward trend and a larger space. 4.2m6+ by 700 yen, fully benefiting from Jiangsu’s consumption uplifting dividend m6+ and the steady rise in profit from channels, with 10 billion singles.
The price plate rose significantly, from about $480 to about $620, and the distributor ' s Māori ratio (channel profits) was driven by rising consumption in the province, resulting in an increase in foreign exchange volume. Energized consumption in Jiangsu province led the country, where the main table price has now reached $400 + and is clearly ahead of 200-300, so the $600-800 commercial consumer price belt in Jiangsu province is opening rapidly.
Space, based on the current absence of a direct competitor in the province, it is expected that M6+ will fully benefit from Jiangsu ' s consumption escalation dividend, won+) and rely on a short-term increase in sinks, opening sub-high challenge price ceilings in the medium term on Top Five. The volume of products sold on scale is only 38-degree cellars, 1573 and 39-degree-five, with M6+ in November 2019 on the market, 2020
4.3 Crystal Dreams have been successful, price boards and channel profits have increased significantly. In November 2020, the company launched the blue crystal version of the M3-upgrading product dream, with a larger increase in design price boards, and the initial spring 2021 market acceptances and price boards have been slower, benefiting from the feast market.
The field has been growing gradually, and the profits of the crystald dream plate and channel have been rising steadily, and the current crystal dream plate and channel profits are now equal to those of the nation, with a clear increase in the thrust of the channel as compared to the previous period. The sub-high core price belt is expected to continue with about 20% of the growth, and with the upgrading of the crystal dream, the profits of the channel have increased significantly over the previous period.
4.4 Days of Blue has been replaced, and the new edition of the Blue Book has been steadily upped and reconnected. A new edition of the Blue Book was launched in August 2021, with an upgrade to the Priceboard about $20 higher than before, with a slight increase in the overall profit of the channel, a faster connection between the new and old products, and an expected 300 in and out of the province.
Sub-high-end entry-level consumption rises. Big monoliths, accounting for about 35% of the market share; sky blues, subject to factors such as the ageing of the life cycle of the product over the past three years, have fallen from about 20% to about 9%, resulting in price and channel profit increases based on the completion of the sky blue, but the current $300-400 price competes.
The relative intensity (famous national expansion and fast entry) and the relatively high base for sale in the sky are expected to increase by about 10 per cent. 4.5 Replace the product with a vehicle to import a digital marketing model.
4.5.1 “Little profits”, “manipulation problems”, the fluidity of the life cycle of a product under a traditional model, the profit of a channel follows the life cycle of a product. The logic of a control plate is widely used in the white wine industry. The essence of this is to distribute profits across the channels in the design of the product in order to ensure that the links are relatively dynamic.
They usually set the price system and the cost of the product ahead of time. They often set the prices of the manufacturer, the batch and the retail price, thereby allocating the distributor and the end profit, maximizing marketing motivation, having a relatively strong initial incentive to design the product, adding the cost to the profit base, in order to provide incentives for distributors and terminals to increase the volume of their stores, displays and sales,
The purpose of prompting products to quickly take over the market; when the product is spread over a wide range of channels, where profits are transparent, and where the product is entering maturity, the profit from the link is gradually reduced, where the push edges are reduced. Product life cycles are difficult to manage, and performance is volatile.
A certain reduction in the costs of the distillation, stacking of liquor factories, resulting in a continuous narrow profit margin for the various segments of the channel; a narrow profit margin that reduces the marginal power of the distributors, or reduces the presentation and recommendation of the products, in favour of new products with higher cost inputs, more profitable channels, and less incentive.
In this case, the supply side is difficult to match with demand in a timely manner, and the volume processing capacity is weak, leading to an "uncontrollable" end. Thus, traditional channels, where the life cycle of new products under the operating model is often difficult to grasp and where the company's performance is volatile on a continuous basis. 4.5.2f2b2b2c, “one size one” plus micro-procedures are digitalized.
Digitalization directly guides business decision-making and action. Channel digitization connects (f) with distributors (b), with distributors (b), with consumers (c) with data links, with live data matching and connection (f2b2c), and with enterprises making better marketing decisions.
Access to channel data allows flexible matching of supply-side and demand-side. The Ocean River “digitized marketing model” captures actual consumer opener data and access (distributors, smoke hotels) databases by numeric scavengers, and access to demand-side and channel data, and has achieved the goal of matching actual consumer demand with supply-side shipments and creating a tight long-term balance between market supply and demand.
In 2020, Ocean River shares built service platforms based on micro-message. One-size-fits-all programs are tools and circulation links are cleaned up as a way to achieve the goal of access to data at nodes, and all distributors need to complete the clearing action when entering, taking stock and leaving.
There are three benefits from nodes data: 1) enterprises are better able to regulate unregulated marketing, such as cross-regional sales; 2) enterprises are helping dealers to obtain accurate sales data and manage inventories and downstream networks retroactively; 3) enterprises are developing more rational production plans based on the stock of individual distributors, taking into account market marketing data.
Onlineization helps to connect the ocean river to the entire value chain.
q1: Why would the distributors want to sweep?” Why would the terminal shop and the consumer want to sweep?
A: Services and Empowerment for Dealers. Through the digitalization system, the River provides distribution stock management systems for distributors, as well as back-to-back management of downstream web sites. The inventory is clear and promotes the optimization of quota management in the River Ocean, avoiding, to the greatest extent possible, the crushing of distributors due to mission problems, higher vendor satisfaction, and helping businesses to capture real market demand.
Q2: Why would the terminal shop and the consumer want to clean up?
a: crm applet + shop assistant connects bc. crm applet is a service interface for the owner of the store with the ocean river, and the shop assistant is a standard plugin for micro-mail development, helping the brand to achieve precision for the end-door connection, and the shop and brand are technically tied up as long as the porter in contact completes the relevant certification required by the “door assistant”. Through the doorman, the liquor company allows the new and marketable type of mail.
In order to stimulate the activities of the terminal, the shop needs to clean up the two-dimensional code of the goods and get it through a small program; Consumer-oriented promotional activities are also done online digitally. In the case of m6+, the lid has a red package of $18/28/38/1888, with an average of $25, which can be transferred directly to a micro-blanket, which encourages consumers to sweep through cash.
So, companies can access consumer open data by using the code code to understand the actual demand of the market. A "one size" plus a small program, matching specific goods, doors, consumers -- a door shop that provides services to the consumer while the shop is providing services to the consumer.
Figure 36: Doorkeepers, Consumers digitizing through 2D small program, Figure 37: Terminals & Consumer 2D Operating Modes
We need allland, all-continental marketing.
q3: How effective is digitization?a: Flexible matching of supply-side and demand-side has been achieved with access to channel data.
Data on actual consumer openings, on access (distributors, smoke hotels) and on demand-side and channel-end data are available through digital sweeps, and the current rates are 100 per cent for distribution, 90 per cent for terminal outlets, 80 per cent for consumers, and long-term supply-demand relations by matching actual consumer demand with supply-side shipments.
Over the past two years, steady downgrading of company channels to digitalize operations has helped to increase the life cycle of the business. 4.5.3 Import digital marketing models that have helped to extend the life cycle of the product.
After taking over the management of the sales system, the company started a series of changes in products, channels, and so on. Among them, the company ' s meta-price belt is not competitive. After a year of operation, m6+ fully benefits from the general trend of consumption escalation, complete replacement of the old m6 is completed, and prices are rising. We believe that the ocean river is expected to open a new product that is represented by m6+.
A cycle of product life, with new products as a vehicle, and the introduction of digital marketing models can help achieve the goal of “extension of the life cycle of a new product with m6+.” Access to data from various links provides the basis for the control board.
It was discussed, but the traditional system of division of the control board is hard to find, at the core of which is the lack of knowledge about the real demand in the market, the speed at which the goods are delivered, the difficulty of putting in the control and the traditional "high-strike" cost model, which eventually leads to "fault-and-favour" and "favour-and-favour-and-favour," so it can be seen that the core contradiction between the control board and the profit-making ground is:
1) To capture the actual needs of consumers to match supply-side shipments and to create a long-term tight balance between supply and demand; 2) to redistribute the profit system of channels and to strengthen the motivation of distributors and terminals.
1) Digital scavenging capture of actual consumer opener data and channel inventory data to solve the problem of “disposal”; 2) channel scavenging and repatriation, where profit systems are distributed to solve the problem of “profits”.
In May 2021, Chairman Zhang introduced a strategy for the development of a “double name, multi-brand” strategy, which identified “the river, the ditch, the wine as the company's three core growth poles” and created a “beautiful ocean river, the colored ditch, the wine of the colour.” In recent years, the brand of the ditch had been somewhat weakened, but the bottom of the ditch was not weak, so the company offered to create a double name.
Operations, marketing, management, production, financial independence. In 2016, the company acquired expensive wine, owned two major production bases in Guiyang Yuen and Maotai town, made advance sauce layouts, expanded the market in 2021 in response to the heat of the sauce, and revived the precious wine marketing system 5.1 pairs of gins, driving four major changes.
In 2020, the two trenches made two major breakthroughs in organizational change: (a) limited sales in the two-crow wine industry.
The Division operates independently. The two-trenched sales company has been separated from the ocean marketing organization, forming a separate market department, marketing department and integrated department, with a more flexible and efficient division of labour for the market; and (2) regional national marketing organizations are independent. The two-trenched sales company regionalizes are separated from the ocean river, and more than 40 new branches and offices have been set up, which will be completed in the next two years.
Marketing was upgraded to develop and build a knowledge-based, professionalized, rejuvenated marketing iron army and the Forces nouvelles, which grew rapidly in 2021 for the war of nationalization of the two ditches, with high-end rapid formations. According to Zhang Qian, the general manager of the two ditches liquor sales company Ltd., at the "Girl Liquor, Billion Races" Bicre branding conference (Sandong Station) in the first half of 2021, there was a similar increase of 38.9 per cent.
In the first half of the year, the Jiangsu market grew by more than 36 per cent, Henan by more than 20 per cent, and other markets outside the province by more than 40 per cent (70 per cent in Shandong and 40 per cent in Hebei by the same year); and high-end brands led by strong growth in high-end products: 222 per cent in first-row wine.
On 18 June 2016, at 10.18 a.m., Ocean River shares and Guiyang.