Breaking through the thinner super-crystal processing technology, semiconductor advanced.
Keywords: #New Products, New Technologies, New Clients: Recently, a new Wgp12t thinning device, developed autonomously by crystallizer power, has been successfully developed and is now steadily processing 12 inches and 30 metres of super thin crystal.
The crystal circle is a super thinning trend, demanding a higher demand for thinners: the miniaturization of the device requires a steady drop in the thickness of the microchip envelope, which is also one of the key materials of the current semiconductor industry, due to its high integration, low power consumption and excellent heterogeneity. So the hyperbolicization of the crystal circle is an inevitable trend.
μm below or even 30 μm, but the hypercrystal circle is characterized by softness, rigidity, material vulnerability, etc., and demands are extremely high on the accuracy of thinners, process control, etc.  Japanese disco and Tokyo precision are global crystal-crystal thinner taps with 68% cr2 in 2022:
In 2023, we imported mills amounting to $440 million, compared to 16 per cent, and in 2017-2023, close to 1.5 times the price of thinner machines. Global thinners are dominated by Japanese firms, including Disco, Tokyo precision, g&n, etc., in 2022, cr2, cr3, respectively.
68% and 85% of them, with the highest share of disco and global dominance. In the 2023 fiscal year, disco earned 14.5 billion yuan, or + 8% of the year, of which 36% came from mainland China. Sub-products, cardboarding machines and thinners were the main product of disco, with a proportional share of income.
Disco has an advantage thinning process of 32% and 28% respectively, and its bestseller dgp 8760 upgrade dgp 8761 can efficiently and steadily achieve crystal thinning processes with thickness below 25 μm.
The crystals have successfully broken through the efficient, stable and thinning technology of 12 inches and 30 metres of super thin crystal, the future crystals, and the products of the thinner machines are time-limited: in the near future, a series of technological optimizations and process improvements have been made to the new wgp12t thinning equipment developed by the crystals engine for its own development.
"Crystal Power" (300316): Battery device smooths down to less than 30 m thickness to ensure smooth surface and roughness of the crystal circle and speeds up the integration of light-voltage industrial chain equipment.
At the same time, the challenges of deformation, fission, pollution, etc. in ultra-crystal circle reduction processes have been successfully solved, and efficient and stable processing techniques of 30-metre super-crystal circle have been realized, significantly increasing the competitiveness of companies in the global market for crystal thinners. The future is driven by advanced capping.
The company's crystal circle thinners are expected to be released quickly.
(ii) Advanced wrapping: taped crystal circle thinner with a breakthrough of 12 United States dollars (US$)
Inch pressure-relief silicon extension equipment, lpcvd and ald equipment; (4) carbonated silicon extenuating equipment; 6-8 inches of carbonated silicon crystallization equipment, sliced equipment, thinning equipment, polishing equipment and extension equipment, 8-12 inches of constant silicon exten extension equipment, etc., were developed, and two silicon extensions were introduced.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Photovoltaic equipment is the first curve of crystals ' electricity growth, the second curve is the release of photovoltaic and semiconductor materials, the third curve is carbonated silicon equipment plus materials and semiconductor 1.1. The crystal circle shows an ultra thinning trend, with higher demands on thinners.
Smallening of the device requires continuous reduction in the thickness of the chip envelope and the thinning of the crystal circle, with higher demands on the thinner machine. Normal thinning processes and crystal-crystal transmissions can only achieve processing of a crystal circle with a thickness greater than 150 μm, but as the device is reduced, the thickness of the chip is reduced, and the strength of the chip is reduced, so that the thinning process can easily cause damage and microfictures.
For example, the envelope is mainly in the form of stacked envelopes, which now number more than 96 layers, and in order to meet the requirements of advanced envelopes, the thickness of the layers of the stacking chip is inevitable in the trend towards a constant or even a reduction in the overall thickness of the envelopes, and needs to be reduced, with generally more advanced layers of multiple envelopes having less than 100 μm or even 30 μm.
μm, which significantly increases the difficulty of processing. Figure 2:30 μm thickness, flexibleness of 12 inches crystal circle. Figure 1: Trends in the diameter of silicon and the thickness of the chip
Super thin crystal circle thinning can be added to the polishing process to remove residual stress and surface damage. Since grinding is mechanically removed, it causes surface damage, residual stress on the surface of the silicon, reduces the strength of the processed crystal circle and deforms it, and therefore other processes, such as chemical machine polishing, are usually required after grinding.
On the stage, the polish pad is glued to the polished head, sprays the polish into the crystal circle, reacts chemically with the crystal circle, and removes the surface of the material by moving between the head and the tablet to achieve the polishing of the crystal circle, which reduces the depth of the damage layer and improves surface mass. In the polish, the diameter of the grain is 70-100 nm.
Elimination of residual stress and surface damage from grinding physical processes of the crystal circle surface, reducing hyperbole
1.2. Crystal circle thinners overseas are disco, Tokyo precision, etc., about 85% cr3 in 2022, 18% of which are dominated by Japanese enterprises, up to 85% in 2022cr3. Global thinner millers include Japanese disco, Tokyo precision, g&n, etc., about 68% cr2 in 2022, and cr 3 about 85% of which are cr.3
Disco has the highest share of the world’s leading position. Dsico, Tokyo’s sophisticated single-stage equipment is around RMB 4-5 million, and the equipment is highly automated, the country’s current producers of thinner machines, machines, electricity, etc., and the price of a thinner is around RMB 3 million, and a thinner can produce about 60,000 units a year.
Figure 6: In 2022, the foreign leaders were disco, Tokyo precision, etc., and cr.3 earned about 28% of the revenue per year. Disco is engaged in the manufacture and sale of semiconductor manufacturing equipment and precision processing tools. There are three business sectors with a product matrix consisting of filming machines, grinding machines, polishing machines, precision processing tools, etc.
The industrial sector produces, sells, maintains and provides services related to semiconductor manufacturing equipment and precision processing tools; the industrial sector manufactures and sells diamond sands and mills for grinding and cutting in the milling and cutting sectors; the precision processing sector mainly produces and sells components of precision processing equipment. For the 2023 fiscal year (2023.04.01-2024.03.31), the disco harvests are realized.
RMB 14.5 billion, or +8 per cent, of which 36 per cent came from mainland China; by sub-products, the share of income of liners and thinners was 32 per cent and 28 per cent, respectively, followed by the consumption required for grinding, figure 8: about 36 per cent of the income of Disco in fiscal year 2023 came from mainland China.
Figure 9: Disco precision processing equipment earned about 63 per cent of its revenue in fiscal year 2023, using the taiko process, unlike previous back-reflection exercises, where taiko would retain the outer edge of the crystal circle (approximately 3 mm) and only a thinning technique within the circle.
. The advantages of the taiko process are that (1) it chooses to leave edges on the edges of the crystal: it reduces the glitch, increases its strength, makes it easier to use the chip, the thin-formed perforated plug-in, the configuration of the wire head, etc., is easier to process; (2) it is not constructed as one with similar structures, such as hard-frames, and the characteristics of the one make the chip thinner require high temperature processes (plating).
No degases occur, but also reduce particle intake; (3) research is not in the outlying areas; the area weighs: it makes it easier to dig out the peripherals with laddered chipes, with zero probability of a collapse. Under the taiko process, the upgrade of the disco bestseller dgp 8760 dgp 8761 can be efficient.
Realization of crystalline thinning processes with a steady thickness of less than 25 μm. Figure 10: Taiko process gives an indication of the advantages of the traditional process compared to the development of the taiko process
1.3. The active layout of the crystals engine, which achieves national production of the core parts, is in the field of positioning the semiconductor silicon, advanced encapsulation, advanced preparation, carbonated silicon three-generation semiconductors, and the industrial chain of the semiconductor equipment is gradually complete and will form the three cores of growth, processing (cut) and extension.
The main product system. In the field of advanced packaging, the company Crystal-Crystal Liner now has an integrated layout of “Equip + Waste + Zero”. With regard to equipment, in February 2023, Axis 3-Freak Slicer prototypes demo, September 2023, thin polish + tear membranes waferdemo, August 2024, the new wgp12t thinner 12t achieved 12 inches 30 metres.
In addition to equipment, the company has also made layouts for the condenser ' s consumables and key components, such as grinders, blades, air main axes, etc.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.