On the 21st of August 2024, the material business was well-paid and the new items of the equipment went well.
In dollar terms, there was a slight decline in stocks of $9.4 billion in commodities, but the balance remained historically high. Sub-operationa Total equity (million shares): The effect of short-term supply and demand mismatches in downstream photovoltaic industries since 23q4 on the impact of increased competition and clean production capacity, and the impact of low-yielding production capacity.
Nearly 90% of the company’s material business comes from quartz (based on 2023), the material business from which there has been a significant decline in Maori, presumably due to the decline in domestic demand for quartz sands and the impact of imported quartz sands.
In terms of details affecting profits, the decline in corporate profits and net interest rates was mainly influenced by three-price increases (temporal energy, core integration, etc.) and the preparation for impairments in the stock count of the older stock.
Report: Long Crystal Equipment Leader, Equipment Plus Material Co-development, 24-year consistent prediction of the company at 5.8x, with a historically low valuation. As the fifth generation of monocrystal furnaces and smart integration devices are gradually accepted by clients, semiconductor equipment is introduced and released, and
The rapid increase in the scale of operations in the material sector is expected to allow companies to move through the cycle through equipment-plus materials diversification, multi-area layout. We give an “enhanced” investment rating.
Xing Xiaoqiang, where the growth in corporate income slowed at the same rate, is presumably largely affected by the short-term mismatch between supply and demand in the downstream photovoltaic industry since 23q4, which led to increased competition and the liquidation of production capacity, and the pace of signing new orders by companies slowed down.
The Māori rate is 37.43%, comparable to 2.7pt; the Māori rate for material business is 40.15%, compared to 14.51pt. Nearly 90% of the company’s material business comes from quartz (based on 2023), and the Māori rate for material business has declined significantly, presumably due to the decline in domestic demand and the impact of imported Quartz sands.
The decline in corporate profits and net interest rates is mainly due to a three-fee increase (sales/management/research and development costs, respectively) in the semiconductor area, where the company has a pre-emptive advantage in moving towards a breakthrough in the nationalization of 8-12 inches of semiconductor large silicon equipment, and has already achieved bulk sales, leading the city in the production of semiconductor long crystals. In the field of power semiconductor equipment, the company has continuously introduced new products and developed 8-12 inches of constant pressure.
Silicon outreach equipment, as well as 6-8 inches of carbonated silicon crystallization equipment, sliced equipment, thinning equipment, polishing equipment, extended equipment, etc., are national production replacements for carbonated silicon outer extension; equipment such as 8-12 inches of depressive silicon outreach equipment, lpcvd and ald have been developed in the area of advanced programming, and a large number of 12 inches of crystal thinner equipment should be used for advanced encapsulation.
In the area of photovoltaic equipment, the company’s new products continue to be upgraded by introducing highly intelligent and innovative products, such as ring cutting machines, decoupling machine and silicon-selected boxing machine, to achieve efficiency gains through a highly integrated automated helper. At the same time, the fifth generation of superconducted magnetic field technology with oxygen can be reduced, with the desired increase in production, crystallized silicon quality and battery efficiency, has been recognized by the client; at the battery end, the company operates.
Equipment such as tubes pecvd, rpcvd, diffusion, fire-retrenchment, monocrystal multi-ald and dry-cleaning have been distributed to achieve competition in innovative designs and processes; at the component end, the company already has the supply capacity of whole-line equipment for stacked tiles, 6 inches and 50,000 8 inches of carbon silicon lined projects, and mass delivery has been achieved.
2) In the area of raw materials, the company ' s high-quality, large-scale quartz and quartz has achieved a leading position in the industry and, by building a fully automated platform for the production of quartz and platinum, has increased the consistency of high-quality products and contributed to a further increase in the share of the company in the city; in the area of the diamond line, the company has actively promoted the second phase of the expansion project, which has led to a rapid increase in the production capacity of tungsten wire and has led to a sustained increase in the flow of gold and gold lines.
3) In the area of sapphire, the company has mastered the international leading technology for the growth of super-sized sapphire crystals, and the laboratory has developed 1,000 kg class super-sized sapphire crystals and has achieved a mass-scale production of sapphire crystals of 300 kg class and above, 4 inches and above. 2. Corporate valuation and performance charts
The valuation has reached a historically low level. As the fifth generation of monocrystals and smart integration devices has gradually been approved by clients, the introduction and release of semiconductor equipment and the rapid increase in the scale of operations in the material field, companies are expected to move through the cycle through equipment-plus materials diversification and multi-area layout.
Figure 2: Per cent of corporate income per quarter Figure 4: Māori rate per company per quarter Figure 5: Change in corporate roa/roe
Figure 6: Changes in corporate cost rates Downstream demand is not as high as expected: investment in downstream customer industries slowed as a result of large excess capacity Industry competition patterns deteriorated: photovoltaic plants moved towards equipment integration, with a possible impact on the share of the corporate sector
The new material is not as well developed as expected: silicon carbon is not as well advanced as expected, silicon device penetration is slow Downstream equipment orders are more expected: downstream customers start a new round of expansion planning and equipment orders are more expected. Carbon silicon operations are more advanced than expected: if the carbonated silicon material drops are significant, downstream demand is strong, and corporate carbon silicon liners and exterior equipment are required
The index, the Hong Kong market benchmark, is a consistent index, the US market benchmark is a standard 500 index or the NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-point index (for the protocol transfer target) or a three-board market index (for the market transfer benchmark), and the Northward benchmark index is a North 50 index.
The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts