Battery equipment is coming out of the sea and the photovoltage chain is accelerating.
Research Assistant Li Wen Yi : In recent days, the power plate equipment developed autonomously by Zhejiang Jingxin Kwangko Technology Ltd. has been successfully exported to overseas customers.
On October 8, 2023, the Jing Seong photon Company, a holding company, Zhejiang Jing Seong Xin Xin Tsi Ltd. (80% of the Jing Seong Power Holdings and 20% of the Hangzhou Hung Hao Enterprises Management Partnership, was responsible for the photovoltaic battery equipment business.
A variety of solar cell process equipment, such as tubes pecvd, rpcvd, diffusion and decomposition, as well as single-cylinder multi-cylinder ald and ark dry cleaning, have reached or exceeded the industry equivalent.
Three of the most recent devices for spreading furnaces. Of these, the unique design of the pecvd equipment has resulted in a more uniform distribution of efficiency rates; a more even distribution of the rpcvd equipment cavity heat field, the poly-si sediment membranes, the thick homogeneity super-optimal level; and the innovative application of the French stand-alone water cooling device to the tube low-pressure phosphorus diffusion furnace.
Silicon ends are single crystal furnaces, with the introduction of a fifth generation of superconducted single crystal furnaces that are expected to lead the next technological succession, subsidiaries.
Cystic fluids (65 per cent of crystals) are responsible for superconducting magnetic field production; battery end companies are set up with crystals (80 per cent of crystals) in charge of topcon equipment; component end sets are required by clients to develop stacked welders, platers, border uploaders, glue detectors.
(i) Large silicone: the crystal is the country's long-crystal equipment tap that provides crystals, slices, grinding, polishing, polishing and polishing.
Transistor Power (300316): 1-quarter 2024 report solution; (2) advanced wrapping: thinning machines; (3) advanced preparation: development of 8-point evaluation: continued high performance, materials + equipment double wheels
12 inch pressure-relief silicon extension equipment, lpcvd and ald equipment; (4) carbonated silicon extension equipment: 6-8 inches of carbonized silicon crystal crystallization equipment, sliced equipment, thinning equipment, polishing and extension equipment, 8-12 inches of constant pressure silicone extension equipment, etc., with a two-scene extension
Crystal Spill Power (300316) 2023: : materials: layout silicon-carbide liner & quartz & steel liner. (1) Carbon silicon-line: 8 inches. Performance continues to increase, materials + equipment platform-plate
The carbon silicon liner negative has already achieved bulk production; (2) the rock platinum: accelerated boost of production capacity and continued development of high-quality super-platinum; (3) the diamond line: production and mass marketing of the first phase of the production project, promotion of phase II expansion projects and accelerated development of the tungsten wire.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Photovoltaic equipment is the first curve of crystallizer power growth, the second curve is the release of photovoltaic and semiconductor consumables, the third curve is the carbonated silicon equipment plus materials and semiconductor.