Half-yearly 2024: q2 profit weight, watch half-conductor field layout.
Seventy-three per cent, materials operations income of 2,367 million yuan, or +26 per cent, or 23 per cent; net profit returns of mothers compared to -10 per cent. o2 battalion growth rate was mainly reduced by the light-voltage main chain pressure and slower receipt and inspection of equipment; net profit slips were mainly affected by the decline in profitability, and companies raised about 96 million on a prudential basis.
The product structure affected the Māori rate for equipment, and the price fall affected the net interest rate: 37.00 per cent in the first half of 2024, compared to 5.66 pt, of which 37.43 per cent was Māori for equipment and its services, compared to -
2.70 pct, the share of income from automated projects, mainly with a low Māori rate, has increased; material Māori is 40.15 per cent, compared to 14.51 ptt, the price of q2 quartz has fallen considerably, and downstream net cash flows from operating activities are $287 million, compared to 71.83 per cent, indicating some pressure on return orders.
▪ Photovoltaic equipment: achieve full coverage of silicon tablets, batteries and components: (1) Fifth Generation Low Oxygen Single Crystal furnace: Low Oxygen Superconducted Magnetic Single Crystal furnace is a determinative trend; (2) Battery equipment: development of tubes pecvd, lpcvd, diffusion, de-fired, single cavity ald and
(a) Crystal Spill Power (300316): equipment such as breaking down thinners, dry cleaning, etc.; (iii) Component equipment: enhanced supply of whole-line equipment for stacked components.
(a) Magnetic semiconductor equipment to locate large silicon tablets, advanced encapsulation, advanced preparation, carbonated silicon: (1) large silicon units: the crystal generator is the country's long-crystal equipment tap, capable of providing long crystals, slices, grinding, polishing solutions; (2) advanced envelopery: a condensed condenser with 12 inches, 30 metres.
Efficient and stable thinning technology for thin crystal circle; (3) advanced process: 8-12 inches of depressive silicon extenuation. Transistor power (300316): battery array equipment smoothing equipment, lpcvd, ald, etc.; (4) carbonated silicon extension equipment; 6-8 inches of development.
Leaning, accelerated integration of photovoltage industrial chain equipment Carbonated silicon long crystals equipment, sliced equipment, thinning equipment, polishing equipment and extension equipment, 8-12 inches of constant pressure silicon extension equipment, etc., and the introduction of two-scene carbonated silicon extension equipment.
▪ Materials: layout of silicon-carbide liner & quartz & gold line: (1) carbon silicon liner: 8 inches of carbonized silicon line film has been produced and sold in bulk; (2) silicon-line: continuous development and development of high-quality superplatinum; (3) diamond line: production and bulk marketing of phase I production project and promotion of phase II expansion project;
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: photovoltaic equipment is the first curve in crystals, the second curve is the amount of light-voltage and semiconductor consumption, and the third curve is carbonated silicon equipment plus materials and semiconductor equipment
The decline in net profits was mainly affected by the decline in profitability, in addition to the fact that the company had calculated losses of about $96 million in asset impairments and $70 million in credit impairments, based on the precautionary principle.
2. Product structure influences the Māori rate of equipment, net interest rate impacts on price fall, 4. Equipment + materials double-wheel drive, semiconductor business acceleration layout
(1) Photovoltaic equipment: achieve full coverage of silicon tablets, batteries and components: 1 fifth generation low-oxy monocrystal furnaces: power-propelled cell block efficiency upgrades of low-oxy superconducted magnetic field single-crystal furnaces are a determinative trend; 2 cell block equipment: development of tubes pecvd, lpcvd, diffusion, fire-retarding, single cavity chambers ald and dry cleaning, etc.
(b) Semiconductor equipment: crystal-rich semiconductor equipment to locate large silicon tablets, advanced encapsulation, advanced preparation, carbonated silicon: 1 large silicon equipment: crystal-silicon power is the national long-crystal equipment tap capable of providing long-crystal, slice, grinding, polishing the whole process.
(d) 4 carbonated silicon outreach equipment: 6-8 inches of carbonized silicon crystallization equipment, sliced equipment, thinning equipment, polishing equipment
(c) Materials: layout: silicon-carbide liner & quartz & gold line: 1 silicon-carbon liner: 8 inches of carbonated silicon linerator liner The negatives have been produced and sold in bulk;
Super-circles; 3 gold lines: production and bulk sales of phase one, promotion of phase two expansion projects, fast-tracking 5. Profit forecasting and investment rating.
The third curve is the release of silicon carbide plus materials and semiconductor equipment. We expect the company to return to its three major financial projections for 2024-2026.
In any event, the information in this report or the views expressed in it is not relevant.