Quarterly review in 2023: first quarter performance report in 2023, first quarter of 2023, companies realized insurance revenues of 65.390 billion yuan, an increase of 6.9 per cent over the same period; operating income of 94.386 billion yuan, an increase over the same period
In 2023, China's Taibo took a step further in consolidating the "Long Air" transition, pushing the "Key" model from "Module" to "Module Forming" and moving the transition deeper. (1) In the first quarter of 2023, the "Omnibus Life Insurance" reached 3,971 million yuan.
The Dows continue to be firmly entrenched, with the amount of $2.906 billion being paid out on a new quarterly insurance scheme, a significant increase of 399.1 per cent over the same period. The combined cost of production insurance continues to improve. In the first quarter of 2023, EPP achieved the original insurance premium.
A total of 57.543 billion yuan, an increase of 16.8 per cent over the same period, represents an increase of 16.8 per cent in the new energy vehicle development opportunities, with the retention of high-quality clients and 25.897 billion yuan in insurance premiums per quarter, an increase of 6.0 per cent over the same period; non-car insurance is geared towards national strategies and policies, and the supply of innovative products and services is increasing.
Roe (ttm) Growth of dynamic energy in emerging markets, 31.646 billion yuan in non-car insurance premiums a quarter, the highest in December
Since this year, credit spreads have been narrow, and public debt returns have been modest. The equity market has risen, with certificates and small and medium panels stronger than 300. Companies insist on maintaining basic stability in the allocation of large categories of assets based on the characteristics of their liabilities, actively managing long-term solidized assets and extending the long-term duration of their assets.
At the same time, there is flexibility in the configuration of tactical assets to actively seize market opportunities and maintain a generally stable return on investment, which is expected to lead to a drop in premiums; a rapid downswing of long-end interest rates, resulting in a higher than expected drop in returns on asset-end investments; and a continued tightening of regulatory policies that make the sale of new policies more difficult.
“Stead” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “middle- and low-risk”, “stable” investors only to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium-risk”, “positive” investors only to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk” and “radical” investors to use the various risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.