The effect of the Long Air transition was to highlight the net profits and new operating prices, the Chinese Queen'sguard (601601.sh) event: the Chinese Quarterly Report of 2023 was published by Taipa, which achieved a revenue of 65.390 billion yuan in insurance services.
By +6.9 per cent, the insurance income from the insurance service was $21,974 million, i.e. 5.5 per cent; the insurance policy was extended by Wang Qing Quan Quan Xing to show a bright record of revenue and net profit performance.
The introduction of new insurance contract guidelines and new financial instrument guidelines, with retroactive adjustments to the new insurance contract guidelines The consolidation of comparative data for the previous year relating to insurance operations and the selection of non-retroactivity based on the new financial instrument guidelines The transition to life insurance has advanced further and the value of the new business has increased.
The premium is $10,457 million, or 3.8 per cent, and the value of the new business is $3,971 million, or +16.6 per cent, and the insurance service income contract is $21,974 million, or -5.5 per cent. Overall, the value of the insurance policy is focused, and the change in the long voyage continues to drive faster growth in the value of the new business.
In the context of the “triple top five” transition and the entrenchment of the basic law, 1q23 achieved a single rise, with the first annual commission per capita per month of core manpower and pre-tax per capita per month of core manpower increasing by the same amount, contributing to the same increase in the value of the new 1q23 business.
In the first quarter of 2023, EPI realized the original premium of $57.543 billion, or 16.8 per cent, and car insurance income of $25.897 billion, or a combined cost of 98.4 per cent, or 1.2 pct, and the company continuously strengthened its quality control and guaranteed profitability.
In the first quarter of 2023, the company's accumulation was extremely long-term, prolonged, and flexible in its tactical asset allocation.
Performance Reversibility Period 2020.01 Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Park Street in the West Side of Beijing City, where the company continues to promote long-boat reform at the life-risk level, with a faster growth in the value of its new business and a steady recovery in core manpower.
The company’s ability to cover its profits is expected to increase even further. At the same time, the company’s ability to grow up in a healthy and old-age industry, increasing user stickyness, and the anti-breathing insurance industry is expected to bring new growth points to the company.
In November 2019, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre.
Served in the Tianfeng securities, joined the Sunda securities in August 2022 for research in the non-banking financial sector. Zhang Kaijing, Master ' s degree in economics, Wuhan University, Master ' s degree in actuarial sciences, Boston University, four years of experience in the actuarials industry, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the non-banking financial sector.
Liao Yiu, Master of Arts, National University of Singapore, and Bachelor of Arts, Zhejiang University, are enrolled in a pilot course in financial science and studies in leasing, private collection, banking and securities. He has worked in finance, household electricity, and colored trades. He worked in Chinese banks, civil securities, and natural wind securities.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.