Non-monetary financial insurance * China Pacific reported a review of 2022: reforms are beginning to bear fruit and liabilities are continuing to improve. Events: China Pacific recently released its 2022 annual report, and the company achieved a total collection.
There has been a significant increase in silver insurance channels and a reversal of life insurance nbv. In 2022, China's Taibo achieved 22,53.43 million yuan in operating income. This is 6.5 per cent more than the same: 13.5 per cent longer than the new business as a whole, which is more prominent than its peers, and the new business value of life insurance as a whole is growing at the same rate as the same time.
China Peace 2022 Annual Report Review: Growing Growth, Focusing on Performance Conversions of the Year - Disaggregated, agent channels achieved revenues of $17,65.24 billion, a decline in comparison with the previous year
Prospective synergies in the future” -- 6.4 per cent, or 78 per cent of the total income, still contribute to the major performance of the plate; Merit Insurance and other channels achieve revenue of $30,478 million, a significant increase of 308.7 per cent over the same period.
Insurance income of $28,809 million, a significant increase of 3.32 per cent over the same period, and the significant increase in the value of new businesses in the silver insurance channel and the contribution of the silver insurance channel resulted from a strategic shift in corporate multi-channel layout, with a focus on the core areas, among other factors.
In 2022, the company continued to push for the transformation of the Long Air Plan, improving the quality of its operations and continuing to optimise in the direction of “professionalization”, “specialization” and “digitization” .
At the same time, the centralization of the proximate workforce improved significantly, with an average of 27.90 million insurance salesmen per month in 2022, compared to 525,000 during the same period in the previous year.
This compares with an increase of 7.7 pct to 88%. Overall, the results of the company's Long Air Project pro-occupational sales reform are clear, and the productivity of the workforce per capita has increased significantly to offset the loss of agents in terms of volume reductions, and it is hoped that the new business value will continue to increase and be reversed for block nbv.
The advantages of fine operations are growing, and the overall benefits of production risk management are improving. The EPI realization revenue is $17.377 billion, an increase of 11.6 per cent, a net profit of $8.285 billion, a net gain of $97.99 billion, and an insured profit of $2.836 billion, with a combined cost ratio of $2.836 billion.
The push for the new model and the depth of refined management have led to a 90% increase in the cost of insurance for new energy vehicles. As new energy vehicles are becoming more intrusive, the new marketing model of the new E.T.E.V. has the potential to continue to lead the industry, and insurance continues to contribute to the growth in performance of the business as a whole.