Companyupdatechresearchedept. August 21, 2017 Buy Buy (maintenance) Breathing (600036/3968.hk)
The six-month review of the profit boom, the excellent asset position, the semi-annual report of the merchant bank, the recovery of $112.7 billion in the first half of 2017, and a 0.22 per cent drop in yoy.
Net profits of $39.5 billion were realized, yoy increased by 11.43 per cent. In the income structure, interest-bearing assets continued to grow at a rapid rate (mainly in loans), while, in terms of asset quality, the rate of underperformance declined for two consecutive quarters, and the company ' s overall performance was fast-tracked before it met its previous performance.
The transformation of the financial sector into a mainstream strategy and light banking, with investment advice for purchases.20 The growth in net profits accelerated, with a strong performance: $112.7 billion, yoy billion, yoy 14.22 per cent more, up from 10 more, with annualization of the company ' s roa and roe, respectively, in the first half of 2017.
Interest income increased as a result of rapid growth in loans: at the end of the income, benefiting from interest-bearing assets
Portfolio of products Two consecutive quarters decline in bad rates and asset position is better than that of peers: in terms of asset quality, 17 years, first half, 1.71 per cent at year end, ring drop of 5bp, improvements in two consecutive quarters and asset position is better than that of peers
In terms of capital adequacy, Ih’s core institutional investors account for the share in circulation a. In terms of future corporate profit performance there is some scope for regulation. IH’s core institutional investors have been approved by the CSRC for priority shares of 35 billion, and future capital strength is expected to increase further.
Retail operations account for half of the world: in the first half of 2017, retail financial operations generated 54.7 billion yuan and pre-tax profits of $26.9 billion, or 53.91% of pre-tax profits. Retailing is a priority area for development, with a long-term institutional advantage.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: Looking ahead, monetary easing is over, central bank mpa checks, capital costs in the banking sector are under some pressure, interest differentials are still under a lot of pressure, banks are not unique, but it's better to diversify than other banks.
We expect the company's share rate (Yield) in 2017 and 2018.
The expected remuneration (expected return; er) is as follows: Chinaresearchdept. The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. were not made by individual clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.