On the 19th of August 2017, Martin Ting-Ting,
The profit rate returns to double digits, and the q2 net difference ring has recovered slightly. The profit growth is high, and the interest income has increased significantly. The net profit earned in the first half of the year was 11.43% higher than in the previous year, returning to double digits. The income earned has fallen by 8.02% over the same year, mainly due to a decline in trust and other fiduciary commissions.
25.32% result. The q2 net difference has recovered slightly and the investment end rate of return has risen. The 17q2 caller bank has a net interest difference of 2.44%, an increase of 1 bp over q1, resulting mainly from an improvement in the asset structure, resulting in a decrease in the profit rate of 2bps to 4.79%, or from an increase in the mortgage ratio; the cost of the deposit has been flat and the loan has been deposited
Large-scale lending in areas such as wholesale retailing, leasing and business services, utilities, etc.; joint assets increased in size over 17q1, mainly through repurchases; investment assets increased in proportion to government debt and reduced investment in property.
Deposits grew by 192.7 billion at the end of 16 years, enterprises grew by more than $100 billion on demand, low-cost liabilities, a single balance of approximately $23.85 billion, a net decrease compared to q1; the total liabilities of “collaborative statements + corporate liabilities” represented less than 17 per cent and met regulatory requirements of “less than 33 per cent”.
The balance of non-performing loans has fallen twice in two consecutive quarters, and the rate of negative creation has slowed: 1.71 per cent in the banking sector in the first half of the year, down 0.05 pc from 17q1; the balance of non-performing loans has decreased by between $45 million and $60,459 million over q1;
Half-yearly, 16.6 billion new non-performing loans were introduced, down 14.1 billion from the same period last year, with a negative yield rate of 10.6% and a decrease of 1.18pc from the end of the 16th year.
Banking Weekly: Control of trade records Landfalls, low interest rates on credit precipitously complement other levels of capital and lay the foundation for future growth in scale.
Banking Weekly: Refinancing Refinancing Supplements Ongoing focus on low-value banking shares  Profit Forecasting and Investment Rating: Retailing Financial Operations by Recruiting Banks for many years (pre-retail profit share)
The financial cost advantage is clear. Proactively reducing the size of the corporate liability, the asset liability structure, the banking research framework -- how to continue to optimize, so that the net interest differential is less affected by financial deleveraging. Bad double-dip asset quality is 3.
Financial statements, business performance, and recognition continue to improve, providing room for growth in performance. Moving forward with the “light banking” strategy, capital built-in capacity is increasing, and capital adequacy is significantly higher than that of colleagues.
Eastern U.S. Bank of Merchants (600036) Mid-year 2017 Report Review Chart 9: Quality of Bank of Merchants Assets
Figure 10: Portfolio bank capital adequacy