It was created in 1991 to create a digital transition between technology and the eco-economy of wealth, with a combination of power at the top of the industry.
It is based in Nanjing and is a technology-driven composite equity group, the country’s first securities firm to be listed in Shanghai, Hong Kong, China, and London. The company attaches great importance to technology empowerment, making full progress in digitalization, and building the core competitiveness of financial science and technology.
First, market-based reforms are continuing to improve the efficiency of the company’s operations. In August 2018, the company introduced Alibaba, the industry manager system, and in April 2021, the Huatai equity incentive scheme was completed and will be implemented.
Employees’ interests are integrated with corporate interests. Strategic investors enrich shareholder backgrounds, hire career managers in a market-based manner, create incentives with equity options, and the dynamism and dynamics of corporate organizations are effectively released and business efficiency continuously improves.
Two-wheel drive, synergized resonance: Widen the moat of wealth management, and create an institutional service eco-cooper. Companies gather demand for client services, and propose a “two-wheel drive” strategy for technology-enabling wealth management and institutional services development to enable a platformed, eco-based business model that provides one-stop financial services to clients.
On the one hand, companies have adopted wealth management as one of their “two-wheel-drive” development strategies, with channels, customer size, product types and ancillary services as their strength points, creating one of the most dynamic wealth management platforms in the country’s securities industry.
On the other hand, companies have continued to strengthen the organization of their services and to promote investment, characterized by M & As restructuring, which works in synergy with other operations and provides industry and financial institution clients with a full range of services, from start-up, growth to maturity and recession.
Huatai Securities (601688.sh) - Smart Performance, Investment Performance Pressure - Huathai Securities (601688.sh) - Sustained Enhancement of the Impact of Wealth Management - Midpoint Review of Huathai Securities - 601688-2021: Rapid Development of Wealth Management Business
“Wattae Securities — 601688-2021 Quarterly Review: A huge increase in investment business, investors are expected to enjoy more development dividends, we give the average value of the market of the same type of company the expectation of a moderate increase in equity markets in 2023, and we lower the company’s profit forecast than before.
This coverage of corporate investment ratings has been moved from “buy-in” down to “enhancement.” There is a risk of regulatory policy change; the overall deepening of capital market fundamental system reforms has not advanced as expected.
The Integrated Securities Group, which was established in 1991 as Jiangsu Portfolio, changed its name in 1999 to “Watai Huang Su” with nationwide coverage. As of the end of June 2022, the Corporation had 28 branches and 245 branches throughout the country, 95 of which are located in Jiangsu Province and cover all local municipalities in Jiangsu Province.
In February 2010, the company was listed at the drop-off; in June 2015, the company was listed on the Hong Kong main trading board; in June 2019, the company issued gdr on the London main trading board and became the country's leading securities firm in Shanghai, Hong Kong, China, and London, with capital strength at the top of the industry. As of the third quarter of 2022
At the end of the day, the net assets of Hua-Thai securities were $16,244 million, with a net profit of $8,066 million achieved in the first three quarters of 2022, and were ranked third in the list. The trend towards the consolidation of customer service demand is leading to a restructuring of the securities business system that requires securities firms to break down their business.
Barriers provide clients with multiple financial services throughout their life cycle. Huatay securities focus on customer service needs, focus on new architecture business systems, propose technology-enabled “two-wheel drive” development strategies for wealth management and institutional services, and provide clients with a platform-based, eco-based business model that provides a business rig, synergies between business chains and synergies.
At the end of June of 2012, the company’s wealth management platform, with more than 20 million clients, was one of the most dynamic wealth management platforms in the industry. At the same time, the company is increasingly working to create “buyers +” through closer linkages with other businesses.
Vendors + researched the Triple Corporate Client Services Eco-Cooper, a whole-of-service chain service system characterized by M & As restructuring. Companies attach great importance to technological empowerment, making a comprehensive digital transition, and building core competitiveness in financial science and technology 2009.
During the year, companies took the lead in proposing an Internet strategy within the industry, sustaining a saturated IT input over the years, forming the leading digital financial services biosphere in the industry. In 2021, companies invested 2,338 million yuan in IT, representing an operating income of 11.01 per cent, and IT investment ranked first in the industry.
Figure 6: Voltaic investment in securities information technology (ITI) has continued to increase in scale, Figure 7: Voltaic investment in IT has moved ahead, regulation has led to the creation of " carrier-class" bonds, and the securities industry has been “strong and strong”
In November 2019, the CSR issued "Fortune for the Development of the Industry."
In response to the proposal to build a capital market with a capital market of eight pillars to ensure financial security, securities companies were explicitly encouraged and guided to enrich their capital, to support the creation of “male carrier” bonds and to promote securities, while the concentration of our securities industry was on the rise.
In the process of building a “male-class” voucher, it is more difficult for small and medium-sized coupons to achieve a curved excess, and the headbills will be strong and fully enjoy the policy dividend. It can be expected that there will be a further increase in the concentration of our securities industry, and that there will be much room for improvement in the combined strength of headbills.
Figure 8: Size of our total assets in the securities sector Figure 9: Size of our operating income in the securities sector Diversity of wealth management needs and construction of a new ecosystem for wealth management
The multi-faceted demand for wealth management has led to a transformation of the business model of wealth management. As the country’s multi-layered capital markets continue to evolve and the overall wealth of society continues to grow, the demand for asset allocation is growing and becoming more integrated, and households are paying greater attention to the professionalism, pluralism and full-cycle nature of wealth management services.
Given the synergies between multiple operations, the provision of professional services across the business chain is a necessary trend in wealth management business development, and the upgrading of client service demand has led to a transformation of the business model for wealth management.
By the end of 2021, individual Chinese holdings of investable assets amounted to RMB 268 trillion, an increase of 11.20% over the same year; China’s net worth group amounted to 2.96 million people, and the size of investable assets amounted to RMB 96 trillion.
According to the Chinese Institute of Social Sciences National Balance Sheet Research Centre (cnbs), the financial asset structure is constantly rich. As of 2019, the resident sector held financial assets of $3.25 trillion, representing 56.53% of the total assets of the resident.
Investments of 1.7 trillion yuan, 19 trillion yuan and 3 trillion yuan respectively, representing 52.37 per cent of financial assets, figure 15: Number of high net worth groups in China, structural reforms on the side of financial supply, leading to a new phase in the development of institutional services.
In 2020, our new Securities Act was enacted, and the Deep Exchange officially published the New Rule of Departure; in 2021, the Deep Market Board merged with the Middle and Middle Committees, and the North Bank was officially registered. As the capital market infrastructure system was fully optimized,
Our multi-level market system continues to be robust, capital markets are constantly releasing their capacity for resource allocation, institutional services are being fully implemented, from the first listings of venture boards in 2019 to the pilot registration of start-up boards in August 2020, and reforms to the “three-step” registration system are being implemented throughout the market.
Stock issue registration systems provide new opportunities for institutional services to evolve across the board. In the context of registration systems, market access thresholds are lowered, information disclosure requirements are raised, financial indicators are no longer the sole evaluation factor for enterprises, and services need to be more responsive to the development of early and high-quality enterprises and provide them with financial services throughout their life cycle.
Services. The high-level transformation of institutional services imposes higher demands on the capital strength, operational synergies and risk pricing of securities companies, and headsbillers are expected to take up more of the market with a full and integrated operating advantage, thus triggering a “mortex” investment.
Households, of which 122 are business boards, 100 are science boards, 84.90 per cent are certified by the SEC in 2018-2021, 84.90 per cent are certified by the CSRC in an annual compound growth rate, and 2019-2021 are certified by the CVM in a variety of strategic investors and optimize corporate governance mechanisms.
In August 2018, the company introduced six strategic investors, Alibaba and Suningai, among them Alibaba and Suningai, through a non-public distribution of a shareholdings.
At the same time, Alibaba had a technological advantage in the fields of big data, cloud computing, and artificial intelligence, and was buying at zero.
There is a long-standing experience in the area of sales. By introducing diversified strategic investors, companies are expected to benefit from the financial, technological and retail capacities of Alibaba and Su to purchase easily, thus creating synergies between policy, technology and retail advantages.
The structure of stockholdings is fragmented. By the end of September 2022, Jiangsu State Trust held 15.13 per cent of the shares, the company's first shareholder, Alibaba's 2.96 per cent of the shares, and the company's fifth-largest talent incentive mechanism marketed to enhance the efficiency of its operations.
The system is an important step in deepening the reform of mixed ownership of State-owned enterprises, helping to establish the market for State-owned enterprises and to improve the efficiency of their management. In December 2019, the Huathai securities were officially marketed.
After the introduction of the career manager system, the company will no longer have the position of “president, vice president” and the director of the executive board will be responsible for managing the company's operations. Mr. Zhou Yi has been president of the company since 2007, 2016.
President of the company by 2019, and the change of the president to the head of the executive committee in 2019, helped to maintain continuity and sound business development in the corporate business strategy. In April 2021, the Huatay Stock Incentives Scheme was completed, awarding a total of 45,48.8 million shares to 9 senior managers and 801 other core cadres.
Equity incentives help to integrate employee interests with corporate interests, enhance internal business dynamics, and achieve long-term sustainable public-sector development.
By the end of June 2022, each of them had a profit of $366.3 million, followed only by China's credit card dealers, and the expansion of the system has led to a world-wide recovery based on Jiangsu, and a merger of the strategic layout of the internationalization of the aids.
The first-class investment bank, with its indigenous advantages and global influence, has built a solid foundation for the company to sail, drawing on the capital of the controlling shareholder, the Jiangsu State Finance Committee, and the geographical advantages of the operating sector. As of the end of June 2022, the company had 95 business units in Jiangsu, the largest number of businesses in Jiangsu province.
In the first half of 2022, the company achieved $6,655 million in operating revenue in Jiangsu Province, which made a significant difference in the strategic layout of the company ' s internationalization. In 2016, the Chinese securities acquired the United Statesassetmark; in 2019, the Chinese securities (United States) were qualified to engage in brokering business in the United States; and in the first half of 2022, the Chinese securities acquired Chinese securities.
Gold Control (Hong Kong), the first Hong Kong Special Purpose Acquisition Company (spac) exchange to qualify for participation, has continued to expand its international reach. In the first half of 2022, the company achieved revenue of 3,163 million yuan in Hong Kong, China, and overseas, representing 19.56 per cent of the company ' s operating income, compared to 19.56 per cent.
Increase of about 3 percentage points by the end of the year; operating profits of $1,259 million, representing a two-wheel-drive share of operating profits of companies
At the senior level, channels, customers, products, and services are the four core elements that shape the advantages of wealth management. Huatai securities have transformed wealth management into one of the “two-wheel-drive” development strategies, with channel synergies, customer size, product types, and ancillary services as points of action, creating one of the country’s most dynamic wealth management platforms in the securities industry.
In addition, through the acquisition of ansetmark, Huatai securities provide full support to investment advisers, creating a pre-emptive advantage in the development of “buyers’ investment” and continuously expanding the wealth management moat. Channels: effective collaboration on the line, multiple channels to keep customers in touch
In March 2013, the Chinese Securities Association issued the Code for Securities Companies Opening Customer Accounts, which explicitly liberalizes the restrictions on “unin situ opening of accounts.” Huatai securities actively seized policy development opportunities, responding to the Internet’s financial development model, and took the lead in launching the line that year.
The opening function was followed by the official launch in 2014 of a mobile wealth management service platform, the Monument of Leather Wealth. The company relies on the development of a financial technology enabling wealth management platform, such as artificial intelligence and cloud computing, to continuously refine and innovate the “Punishment of Leather Wealth” service module and to upgrade its professional financial services capabilities.
As of June 2022, the FC has been upgraded optimally to version 8.0 covering account analysis, intelligence, asset allocation, and investor education modules to provide intelligent and comprehensive financial services to clients. Internet-based finance is developing in the direction of providing a full range of financial services, and a wealth management mobile service platform is becoming a client.
As of the end of June 2022, the number of cumulative downloads of the Treasure Chase reached 67.785 million and the Treasure Treasure Treasure Treasure Consort, one of the most active wealth management platforms in our securities industry, has evolved from stock-trading to an integrated and intelligent wealth management platform.
User sticky is at the top of the securities company class. Cumulative downloads since the launch of the "Grown Wealth" figure 26: Wathai Portfolio Mobile Terminal Opening and Transaction Ratio
Underline networking accelerates the digital transformation, “talkta” in-depth investment advisers. Global financial technology is on the rise and has become a fundamental force in reshaping the financial services ecosystem. It also creates a historic opportunity for equity companies to accelerate the digital transformation.
It is an important step forward in the overall development of digital transformation. Companies continue to optimize their web-site layouts, fully exploit the enabling power of financial science and technology, and work with online and offline resources to intelligently upgrade the web-sites and upgrade their client service experience “to replace the number of web-sites with the quality of the site.”
By the end of June 2022, the company had 245 business points in the country, ranking them among comparable securities dealers. But the company’s network was of excellent quality, with an average revenue of $5.046 million representing the securities business in the company’s business department in 2021, and ranked among the top comparers with significant advantages.
In 2019, the company officially launched Chatta, or anoptimal Robothinkingadvisor, to generate graphics for clients through data mining and machine learning.
The investment consultant optimizes the service strategy as a reference. At the same time, the company promotes the connection between Chatta and Treasures, real information-sharing between the company-inspector-client, client demand for services and the investment consultant's supply-side efficient matching machine
The system is already in its initial form, and the co-efficiency of the online economy continues to be released. According to data from the Chinese Securities Association, as of the beginning of November 2022, the number of Chinese securities investment advisers stood at 3032, representing 33.33 per cent of the workforce and ranking among the comparably leading firms, effectively contributing to the growth in client size and activity.
Clients: S&T low-server strategy, market-share industries are growing steadily, and stock-based markets are growing steadily.
In 2013, the company took the lead in raising the issue of “out-of-home, open-house,” making full use of the intellectual and online advantage of “breath-of-money” to effectively achieve, with low-server strategies, the increase in the size of clients and the market share of stock-fund transactions, a market share that has been in the forefront of the industry since 2014.
Companies consistently contribute to lower brokering costs by synergizing the financial and technological enablement line. In the first half of 2022, the cost of brokering was only 0.70 per 1,000, a decrease of 56.22 per cent compared to 2013. The DCM ' s low-servant strategy is based on low-cost benign price competition, which is different from unsustainable malignant prices.
Figure 33: The steady growth in the size of the customer base of thehua-Thai securities, Figure 32: The rate of the Wa-Thai securities commission is below the industry average commission rate, Figure 35: The cost of the Hua-Thai securities brokerage business continues to decrease
Products: The variety of financial products is growing, active management capacity is improving, financial holdings are increasing steadily, and sales and revenues are growing rapidly. The country’s wealth management market is still at an early stage of development, with securities companies playing a predominantly “seller-in-charge” role, and financial products are being sold.
Capacity is an important measure of the level of development of their wealth management operations. Based on the diversity of clients at different levels, Chinese securities are increasingly enriching the range of financial products, relying on the advantage of the channel on the front line and on the size of the customer, and the scale of sales and sales revenue has steadily increased. In the first half of 2022, corporate financial product retention was achieved.
In 2018, the Guidance for the Regulation of Asset Management Operations in Financial Institutions (the “New Regulations”) was formally introduced, and fast-track securities companies moved from passive management to active asset management through the provision of “channel operations” services.
Dautian securities, based on the advantage of a wealth management platform, are actively moving towards proactive management, with active management of the size of assets continuously increasing, helping them focus on the creation of financial products, leading to a differentiated competition in the regulatory product system.
As of the end of June 2022, corporate funds were investing in business authorizations, and Learstar was more client-centred, demanding higher scales and gradients for products to be invested, from the point of view of the need to contribute to the company's continued enrichment of the supply of its products.
Services: The quality of the credit business is excellent, stock pledge risk is manageable, market share of the blended business continues to rise, and the “facilization” release of the voucher development space. Credit operations are an important way to provide liquidity and risk management services to clients, and securities companies provide a full range of clients.
The core elements on which credit depends are capital, customers, and license plates, and the Chinese-Thai securities raised $14,208 million in 2018 through a non-public distribution of shares, and achieved a significant increase in the size of the finance coupon business based on the advantage of the wealth management platform's client size.
In 2020, the Huathai Stock Exchange was officially launched, enabling efficient linkages between supply and demand through financial technology, and effectively reducing the collusive costs and borrowing costs of bond operations. The problem of uneven business development in China is more pronounced, and the clearing stock business is poorly developed, mainly because of the higher transaction costs associated with the small size of the bond source.
In the case of the United States, where financial markets were relatively well developed, the balance of the United States voucher business as at the end of September 2022 was 20.67 per cent, compared with 6.16 per cent in China during the same period. By the end of June 2022, the balance of the public voucher business was 16,976 million yuan, with a market share of 18.14 per cent.
The market share of the voucher business is expected to increase further, with the full benefit of the release dividends of the bond development space. Stock pledge sizes are down rapidly, and risk management is significantly better than industry. In 2018, following the revision and implementation of the Stock Bond Repository and Registered Clearing Practices Scheme (the “new pledge regulations”) the stock pledge service was placed in custody.
A tightening of controls and enhanced risk management indicators to prevent the risk of stock pledge operations from becoming a “mode” have been actively responding to regulatory requirements by actively reducing the size of stock pledge and improving overall credit risk prevention and control capabilities, and the average performance guarantee for stock pledge operations is significantly higher than the industry average.
An average compliance guarantee of 271.05 per cent is more than 58 percentage points above the industry average, stock pledge operations enabling: strategic synergy for acquisition of ansetmark, upgrading of the enabling wealth management transition, continued growth in the asset size of theassetmark platform, with a city-dominated position in the United States turnkey asset management service platform industry
Third. The turn-key asset management service platform, turn-keymanagementplatform (tamp), provides investment advisers with a full one-stop shop that includes customer acquisition, strategy research, investment advice, performance disclosure and vocational training.
Asked about the time invested in product screening, asset allocation, back-office management, thereby focusing its efforts on customer relationship management, which can bring high value added. In addition, Tamp, as a specialized asset management service platform, could save investment advisers on systems such as asset hosting costs and provide more investment advisers.
Assetmark is the leading totamp in the United States, which enhances competitiveness through improved platform services and M & As restructuring...and thus sustains the platform’s assets. As of the end of June 2022, the assetmark platform was funded.
The total size of the production was approximately $82.27 billion, and the combined annual growth rate of the total asset size in the first half of 2017 and 2022 was the end of June 2022, with a total of 8688 investment advisers serving on theassetmark platform, with a total end-of-service account covering more than 220,000 households.
Figure 45: Tamp's three core strengths to optimize the time allocation of investment advisers to address the mismatch between time input and output value added completes the acquisition ofassetmark in the year and facilitates its successful landing on the New York Stock Exchange in July 2019.
At the local level, the assetmark helps companies to build on their advanced investment experience, and the transfer of enabling wealth management is largely reflected in the strategic dimension of the value of the assetmark to the company: first, the transformation of corporate investment advisers to “buyers” with a mature “buyer-in” service system; and second, the acceleration of the company with an integrated technology platform.
Building wealth management systems and technology systems; third, providing global asset allocation services to clients with abundant overseas investment resources. Providing a full range of “buyer-in” services to clients is a necessary trend in the development of the wealth management industry.
Two-wheel-drive two-round: building an institutional service biosphere. Huatai securities proactively seized the opportunity of a comprehensive deepening of capital market reforms in basic systems, and continued strengthening of institutional services.
• To promote efficient synergies between investment and other operations, characterized by M&A restructuring, and to provide industry and financial institution clients with a full range of services from start-up, growth to maturity, recession, and full life cycle. Private equity investments have significant advantages, and alternative investments free profit margins.
Private equity investment is an important way to broaden access to finance for start-ups, and private equity markets are increasingly regulated and professionalized in the context of a trend towards tight private equity regulation. In 2016, regulators published a book on private fund-raising practices.
In January 2021, the CVM issued Regulations on the Strengthening of the Regulation of Private Investment Funds, and private investment funds continued to be tightened.
There is a strong competitive advantage in the industry through active investment in high-quality projects, and by the end of June 2022, the private equity investment fund of companies had 16 investment projects, amount of investment, figure 49: private equity investment in Chinese securities
Figure 50: Huathai Private Equity Fund-Standards-Standards-Standards-Standards-Standards-Standards-Standards-Standards-Standards-Standards-Standards-Standards-Standards-Standards-Standards-Standards-Standards-Standards-Standards-Standarded-Standards-Standards-Standards-Standarded-Standards-Standarded-Stocked-Stocks-Stocked-Stocked-Stocked-Stocked-Stocked-Stocked-Stocked-Stocked-Stocked-Stocked-Stocked-Stocked-Stocked-Stocked-Stocked-Stock-Stocked-Stocked-Stocked-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-A-St-St-St-St-St-St-A-A-St-St-St-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-St-A-A-A-S-St-St-St-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-St-A-S-St-A-S-S-S-S-St-St-S-S-S-
In April 2019, the Shanghai Stock Exchange issued the Shanghai Stock Exchange ' s Inventory Stock Distribution and Insurance Business Guidelines, piloting a sponsorship machine to create a relevant subsidiary and investment system. The securities firm established an alternative investment subsidiary to participate and invest, which can be co-directed.
At the end of June 2022, there were 52 alternative investment projects with investment size of 2,416 million yuan, and the nature of the investment included, among other things, innovation and investment.
In the first half of 2022, the value of the Chinese innovation investment, which achieved net profits of $166 million, was affected. However, it should be noted that between 2017 and 2021, the value of the Chinese innovation investment net profit rose steadily from -0.14% to 7.31%, as the impact of the new crown epidemic diminished and the registration system was reformed.
The stock-debt underwriting industry leads, the service entity boosts its economic effectiveness, the equity underwriting industry leads, and ipo is expected to achieve a full increase in prices.
By the end of June 2022, out of a total of 43,752 million equity owners, ipo principals had achieved a rapid increase in the size of the portfolio, with a premium rate higher than the industry average, and ipo reserve items.
By the end of June 2022, the company's ipo owner was responsible for $14,473 million. On 25 November 2022, the company's ipo newspaper had 83 examiners, and the number of examiners was seventh in the industry; 62 of them, with 74.7% of the North Certificate, Science and Entrepreneurship Project, had a “registered plate” reserve.
As the reform of the registration system continues, and as North certification, the start-up board, and the start-up board, the public sector is expected to achieve a joint increase in size and tariffs, thus contributing to a sustained increase in the principal underwriting income. Bonds are steadily expanding in size, and market shares are increasing.
By the end of June 2022, companies (including the United Waters Federation) had a full range of bond owners under cover; enhanced capacity to trade basic investments; and risk management of off-site derivatives.
The size of financial assets is growing rapidly, and leverage is higher than the industry average. Hua-Thai securities continue to raise basic investment capacity, pursue a firm de-directional strategy, move the business model towards a full-scale trade-oriented transition, expand the size of financial assets, and increase the leverage of financial assets. As of the end of the third quarter of 2022, corporate funds were being leveraged.
The firm’s investment style is more robust, and the financial asset rate of return is relatively stable. As the company’s investment transactions are de-directed, there is a lack of strategic approach to trading.
Gains + fair value changes + interest income; rate of return on investments = investment income/financial assets) Out-of-the-field derivatives operations have developed rapidly, releasing customer investment and risk management needs. In recent years, uncertainty in international markets has grown, with corporate clients using off-site derivatives to diversify investments and avoid risks
Huatai securities actively create and promote financial derivatives that are cross-market, diversified, and differentiated, with trade as a driving force to create differentiated core competitiveness, with off-site derivatives expanding rapidly. With the continued increase in trade-pricing capacity, off-site derivatives are expected to expand.
Merger restructuring creates distinctive brands, service clients optimize resource allocation, M&A restructuring operations have significant advantages, and the core competitiveness of financial advisers has taken shape. Huatai securities continue to improve their ability to innovate, to discover high-value trading opportunities, and to match transactions, focusing on large-scale pole projects and
At the end of the month, the number of M & As restructuring traders approved and registered by the China CSRC was four, ranked first in the industry; the amount of the transaction was 23,419 million yuan, ranked first in the industry. M & As a major conduit for capital participation or exit from the market, as structural reforms on the supply side deepened, companies insisted on trading innovation to lead the market, promisingly.
The business system continues to optimize the profitability of the industry, anchoring the needs of customers, and solidly promoting a technology-enabled “two-wheel drive” of wealth management and institutional services.
Development strategies, using a new business model that is platformed and eco-systematic, seek industry failures to achieve value creation for clients. Over the years, the ability to synergize between the business chains of companies has been highlighted, the income structure has been balanced, and the profitability of industries has continued to optimize.
Performance is growing, profitability is better than industry, business income is growing more robustly, and net return profits are growing. Securities companies’ performance is highly correlated with the market environment, and inevitably fluctuates with market fluctuations.
In an environment that anchors customer demand, the ability of clients to provide multiple financial services throughout their life cycle has continued to improve, and performance has grown more robustly. In the first three quarters of 2022, companies achieved $23,618 million in operating income, a decline in profitability, continued to outperform the industry, and equity multipliers kept up.
At the same time, companies are constantly improving their leverage levels in order to drive up leverage further, as shown in figure 70: Voltaic leverage is higher than the industry average.
Figure 71: Walter securities leverage is in third place among listed securities dealers. Figure 72: Walter securities net profits are in third place among listed securities. Business systems are continuously optimized and strategic results are initially evident.
The revenue structure is balanced and the whole business chain is in shape. Enhancing the capacity of the whole business chain services is an essential route to the overall transformation of the stockholders, and companies continue to enhance functional coupling between the business blocks to create a “business-wide service chain” of synergy and balance the business income structure.
In the first half of 2022, wealth management, institutional services, international operations, investment management income, profit-making rates for wealth management continued to rise, and the “two-wheel drive” strategy’s effectiveness began to emerge. Differentially competitive advantages were a key factor in shaping the pattern of full-power coupons, and corporate “two-wheel drive” strategic development objectives were already in place.
Step-by-step, continued expansion of the Protector of Wealth and the increasing competitive advantage of institutional services. Figure 75: Revenue from and rate of increase in wealth management operations in Huathai; Figure 76: Profit and rate of increase in wealth management operations in Huathai
Figure 77: Revenue from and rate of increase in the services operations of the WAS, Figure 78: Profit and rate of increase in the services operations of the WASS, Figure 79: Changes in the importance of the WAES operations
A “two-wheel-drive” development strategy for technology-enabled wealth management and institutional services, with a platform-based, eco-based business model, which helps synergize the business chain and opens up performance.
In the light of the current macroeconomic environment and future trends in the securities market, we have projected the performance of thehua-Thai securities 2022-2024. The stock allocation has not yet been considered for impact, and we will update the profit forecast when it is completed.
(1) Net revenue from brokerage fees: stock market turnover, market occupancy and commission rates are the three key factors affecting net revenue from corporate brokerage fees. 1) As the country ' s policy to prevent and control the new coronary epidemic has been optimized, the dynamism of economic development is gradually releasing, hopefully leading to a rapid increase in stock market turnover.
Corporate brokering channels have significant advantages, and with the continued empowerment of financial science and technology, the best is expected to be further enhanced, so let's assume that in the next three years there will be a separate market share for corporate brokering and that the cost of company-saturated science and technology inputs will be reduced, so let's assume that in the next three years there will be a firm-brokered maid.
(2) Net income from operating expenses of the investment bank: market financing size, market occupancy and underwriting rates are the three key factors affecting net revenue from the investment business. 1) The overall advancement of the registration system has contributed to the development of investment banking in the securities industry, and we assume that market equity financing will be 1.4 trillion yuan/1.58 trillion yuan, respectively, over the next three years
2) Taking into account the advantages of Huatai securities in terms of the amount of reserves in registered projects and the traditional advantages of bond underwriting, as the reform of the registration system progresses fully, we assume that in the next three years corporate equity owners will have a market share of (3) net revenue from operating fees for asset management: asset management size and management rates affect asset management operations
Two key elements of net revenue from fees. As the system, with the new rules on capital management, continues to improve and the production management business enters a new stage of normative development, we assume that the size of corporate asset management will be (4) net interest income over the next three years: market finance voucher balances, and market occupancy and bond interest rates are net interest-impact income.
Three key factors. 1) Given the scope for development of our financing coupon business, we assume the future (5) return on investment: the size of financial assets and the rate of return on investment are two key factors affecting the return on investment. The Department’s proactive management capacity continues to improve, and we assume that the size of corporate financial assets will be $46.28 billion over the next three years.
(6) Costs: includes taxes and surcharges, operating and administrative fees, impairment losses of assets, credit impairment losses and other business costs. In the light of historical data and macroeconomic trends, we assume that net revenue from taxes and additional brokering fees and investment returns over the next three years are an important part of the company’s operating income, a we believe.
As the capital markets deepen their underlying institutional reforms and the continuous release of demand for the management of the multiplicity of wealth of the population, it is important to ensure that the capital market is able to provide a more responsive analysis of profit forecasts.
Bond companies have a stronger potential for future profitable growth. So, we use the market surplus rate as a reference indicator and value the company using the relative valuation method. Further, we use the Chinese gold company, Sino-Sin securities, Kyota-Am, Open-Sale securities, Cin-Kin-Kin-Kin, Merchant securities, Seaton securities, the Chinese Milky Way and Kin-Sin securities as possible.
As of March 8, 2023, the above-mentioned comparable company, pe (2022e), was the country's first securities firm listed in Shanghai, Hong Kong and London, with capital strength at the forefront. The company's wealth management business was highly superior, with the monthly number of workers in the securities company group.
In the first place, equities and mixed fund-raising are ranked first in the industry; institutional services are characterized, and the number of M & As restructuring traders is ranked first in the industry, and the size of the equity debt is ranked highest in the industry. Given the importance accorded to technology and technology in terms of equity, it is hoped that the stock-marketer will have a full and integrated operating advantage.
The relative valuation method is more sensitive to per share of gain (eps) and market gain (pe), and we conduct a sensitivity analysis of the valuation levels of Chinese securities with ps and pe as a sensitivity factor. Profit prediction depends on a number of assumptions, and minor variations in the assumptions will have a greater impact on the forecast results.
Given the scope for future developments in the securities sector, macro-regulation policy adjustments, and the company’s headline status, we have placed some optimism on the company’s growth expectations. In other words, more optimistic assumptions have been made about the growth of business lines.
The larger impact of growth has led to large deviations between profit projections and future real earnings; the high volatility of revenue from corporate brokering does not preclude the possibility that the company’s performance will grow below expectations; and asset management operations are exposed to the risk of regulatory policy changes.
Our regulatory policy for the asset management industry is still in the advanced stages of development, and therefore there is a potential for significant change. Corporate asset management operations are strictly governed by the regulatory policy framework, and in the future there is a risk that corporate asset management products will no longer meet regulatory requirements if there is a significant change in the regulatory policy.
Capital market reforms have not advanced as much as expected, and progress in capital market reforms has been driven by the market economy environment, macro-policy regulation, and the building of legal systems.
There are constraints, and there are risks that fundamental institutional reforms will not advance as much as expected, thus having a more negative policy impact on the company’s business performance. In the case of registration reforms, if comprehensive registration reforms do not advance as expected, corporate investment banking’s operating income and profit growth will be adversely affected.
The profitability of the investment target and the macroeconomic environment are affected. Any adverse fluctuations in the profitability of the investment target or greater disturbances in the macroeconomic environment can have a negative impact on the return on corporate investment, which in turn affects public revenue and profit levels.
Because of differences in economic systems, historical culture, legal systems, trade practices and regulatory policies across borders are quite different from those in the country, companies face greater compliance risks in conducting their operations abroad. Companies face high fines and even loss of financial resources if they are not sufficiently aware of local culture and laws and touch the regulatory red line.
The authors ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels; that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, that by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, independence, objectivity, impartiality and that the conclusions are not subject to any third party’s approval or influence; and that the authors have not studied them in the past, now, or in the future.