5g Grand Construction Speed, Mid-Change Flying on impending Communications (000063.sz) 5g Main Device Vendors Performance is expected to be higher than expected, with first-time coverage given to “buy-in” ratings
In the 5-g era, the only major equipment company with a share covering wireless, transmission, and core networks is expected to develop further, opening new market space around the world. Companies re-research and develop, constantly upgrading the quality of their products into the first international echelon, while strengthening compliance management, and market expansion making new breakthroughs.
The development of 5g technology and changes in equipment patterns have led to an increase in the bargaining power of the main equipment, the rapid construction of 5g in the company market, and an increase in the market share of the company, which has been expected to benefit from the construction of 5g in the country and the bidding of 5g in the context of China's leading world.
Companies have increased their R & D inputs and rapidly met their customers’ needs, and have increased their combined strength, constantly exceeding Western producers. From the 5g2 share of now moving in China, the market share of companies has risen steadily, with the deployment of 5g moving from first-line cities to small and medium-sized cities, taking into account the original 4g situation.
• Greater focus on the Māori industry, which is expected to lead to marginal improvements in performance
The ratio is increasing and the Māori rate is expected to continue to improve; while companies are constantly strengthening their internal governance, compliance training and day-to-day evaluation, greater standardization and standardization of corporate governance, and the marginal improvement in the capacity for integrated management have led to higher expectations of business performance in the 5g era.
• Catalysts: 5g construction acceleration, operator 5g bids are being released
In November 1997, our company first publicly released a share and placed it on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange Board. In December 2004, it publicly released a share of h shares and placed it on the Hong Kong Console Board, the first company to be listed on the Hong Kong Consort Board, is the leading global provider of integrated communication information solutions (ICT) solutions for customers in many countries and regions around the world.
To provide innovative technology and product solutions. The group has complete, end-to-end products and integration solutions in the communications industry, with the flexibility to meet the global demand for differentiation from clients through a full range of products such as “wireless, wired, cloud computing, terminals” and the drive for rapid innovation.
In China, companies are leading the market in a range of telecommunications products, and have established long-term and stable cooperative relationships with China’s leading telecommunications service operators, such as China Mobile, China Telecommunications, and China-China United. In the international telecommunications market, the Cluster has provided innovative technology and product solutions to telecommunications service operators and government-owned customers in many countries and regions around the world.
Programs to give users worldwide access to a full range of communications, such as voice, data, multimedia, wireless broadband and cable broadband
The network of operators focuses mainly on the evolving needs of the network of operators, providing innovative technology and product solutions such as wireless access, cable access, carrying networks, core networks, telecommunications software systems, and services. Businesses are mainly focused on the needs of their clients, based on “communication networks, material networking, big data, cloud computing.”
Consumer business is focused on the intellectual experience of consumers, taking into account industry needs, developing, producing and selling products such as smartphones, mobile data terminals, home-based information terminals, integrated innovation terminals, and related software applications and value-added services.
In 2019, on the domestic market, companies pursued robust business strategies and expanded new opportunities for growth, participated actively in the network building and technological evolution of operators, and continued to deepen the 5g field-scale experiment, seizing the opportunities for technological change through long-term technological accumulation and product competitiveness. On the international market, the group adhered to the strategy of globalization.
No change, with a sustained focus on the telecommunications operator market, matching client 4g network performance through a full range of innovative products, evolving, increasing capacity, smoothing up to 5g, etc., and steadily advancing the 5g pilot network with a number of mainstream operators. Communications has been more robust in recent years, and net profits have fluctuated in recent years, and are dominated in 2016 and 2018.
A net profit loss is caused by a United States fine. 1.3. Sustained investment in R & D and strong technology, as at 31 December 2019, companies had accumulated more than 74,000 patented assets.
More than 34,000 patents have accumulated. More than 3,000 patents have been placed in 5g strategic layouts. Companies have become itu (International Telecommunications Union), 3gpp (third generation partnership scheme), ieee (Electrature and Electronic Engineers Association), ngmn (next generation mobile network), ccsa (China Association for the Standardization of Communications), etci (European Association for the Standardization of Telecommunications)
Over 70 members of international standardization organizations and forums, with more than 30 experts in key positions such as chair and reporter in major international standardization groups around the world, have cumulatively submitted more than 45,000 submissions to the International Organization for Standardization (ISO).
The company is a major participant and contributor to global 5g technology research and standard-setting activities, and has already disclosed to etci the first batch of 3 gpp5gsep (standard essential patent) to more than 1,200 people. Among the key international standards for 5g technical standard-setting, 3 gpp, it served as Vice-President of Ran3 and Noma (nonorthogonalmultipleacess, uncorrespondent.
Reporter of multiple technical standards such as multi-site access, 2-steprach, comp, atsss and 5g slice enhancement, and editor-in-chief of various technical standards such as nr connection, ng-ran data transfer and nr electromagnetic compatibility. 12.548 billion yuan was spent on research and development throughout the year 2019, representing 13.83 per cent of the revenue, up 1.08 million from the same period in 2019.
The point is that the company continues to step up its 5g research and development efforts, investing strongly in core products and chips, architecture, algorithms, etc., to achieve critical technological leadership, and the self-researched 5g7nm core chip has been commercialized to ensure business sustainability, based on the “Fiveg First” camp, for the next decade.
China’s communications are driven by innovation and actively explore new technologies, working with partners in a more open manner and maintaining R & D inputs in core areas such as 5g wireless, core network, carrying, access, and chips. Deep participation in industry standard-setting, deeper vertical industry chains, layout, etc.
5g mobile phones, edge computing servers help companies seize the upcoming opportunity. 1.4. Equity structure is stable, controlling shareholders have a state business background.
Two, by the wind of five g, China leads the world with 2.1, 5g, and the core of the equipment is expected to benefit from China’s 4g to 5g. Mobile communication technology originated in 1978, the first time in the United States of America's Bell Laboratory.
The 1g network has been catching up. From 1g to 5g, the typical feature is that the net is growing faster, and the three main features of 5g are ebb, mmtc, and urllc, which will drive the industry-wide digital transformation. 5g globally harmonized standards are a fact. 5g standards are divided into two phases, r15 focusing mainly on embb, 2018.
On June 14, the r15 standard was frozen, laying the commercial foundation. r16 satisfied all the scenes, and basic innovations such as polar codes, f-ofdm waves, up-and-down coupling, short-time extension, user-centred network architecture, etc., were adopted by 3gpp.
5g is a core development strategy, with full commercial readiness in wireless, core networks, carriers, chips, terminals, and industry applications. The company’s commercial network practices in key 5g technologies are leading the industry, the massivemimo base stations have accumulated more than 450 commercial cases, and 25 5g commercial cases have been acquired globally.
Together, with more than 60 operators around the world, 5g collaborations. All core communication chips are self-researched, cumulatively developed and produced with success over 100 different types of chips, products covering wireless access to communication networks, fixed network access, carrying, end end end end, and core communications chips based on advanced 10 nm/7nm technology are produced in the first half of 2019.
The Chinese communications machine, axon10pro5g, has been launched in many countries around the world, and has been granted a 5g terminal telecommunications equipment access licence from the Ministry of Industry and Communications in China, Finland and the United Arab Emirates, which will be officially commercialized in the domestic market.
In 2019, the need for 4g expansion was evident among the three major operators, which opened up 416,000 base stations and followed up on mobile telecommunications. In 2019, it was also the fifth year of construction, and in 2020, the three operators were building fast, and as their capital expenditures stopped rising, they became the world’s four main hubs.
The company’s business is growing faster than expected, and the consumer’s business is on the horizon. It benefits from the demand for domestic 4g system products, grid-fixing and hosting systems, and European wireless products.
With 66,585 million yuan, an increase of 16.66% in the same year, the company’s 5gran, core network, transmission, etc. is now fully integrated into the 10 5g model, and the overall market will be ready in the future as the 5g shift arrives.
Focusing on operator operations provides a reliable guarantee of growth in corporate performance. In 2019, company operators collected 66.584 billion dollars, an increase of 16.66 ptt, an increase of between 5.54 ptt and 42.61% in the Māori rate, which continues the trend of rapid growth in business operations. In 2019, the share of operator network income in the main business income was from 2018.
66.75 per cent increased to 73.38 per cent, the combined Māori rate increased to 4.26 pct, and the business structure improved significantly. Communications operators in China achieved significant growth, mainly due to the following factors: 1, mobile, telecommunications, connectivity continued to drive 4.5g and light transmission network deployments, and communications in China became more competitive in these areas of advantage, with a ratio of orders in 2019.
Considerable;2 Communications between China and China is facing intra-firm consolidation and restructuring of major global international competitors Ericsson and Nokiabel, and personnel unrest, with persistent declines in their share of the domestic market and opportunities for the development of communications operations;3 Communications between China and China based on previously developed product platforms, technological maturity and technology.
The production line is working well, R&D inputs are lower than R&D costs, and the Māori ratio of the product has increased somewhat compared to the previous period. Doing business has always been fundamental to the establishment and development of telecom operators, with strong power in communications to maintain its advantages in this sector and long-term dynamic for sustained development.
2.3. Warfare at 5 g, tap at 2.3.1, release the edge calculation product, 5 g tap at another pound break, and the margin calculation will be the basis for the "interconnectedness of everything." According to Cisco's projections, it is expected that
By 2020, the number of devices connected to the Internet will increase from 500 million in 2003 to more than 50 billion, of which 50% will require the ability to calculate marginality. By the global market of 5g, the size of the mec edge cloud equipment and systems market will reach $80 billion in 2021.
Sensitivity, interaction, and control are fundamental to enabling connectivity. In the future, more devices will network access and enter the field of marginal computing. There has been a gradual release of marginal computing needs in the areas of video surveillance, industrial networking, etc., while 5g is approaching, car connectivity, high-resolution videos, etc.
As one of the world’s four largest communications operators, it will continue to benefit fully from the wave of construction of the 5g. The company has conducted in-depth research and follow-up on the margin calculations, and has proposed a 5g core network solution, introducing mec-multi-access edge calculations, anchoring operations and computing capabilities.
Sinks to mobile edge nodes, allowing ultra-low-time delay, high bandwidth, and real-time access to network information. The rise of marginal networks requires changes in the core network, the peripheral environment and so on, and the competition of major equipment providers in the post-5-g era will extend to new and emerging areas such as the ai, the physical network, and the marginal network.
Distribute edge computing servers to achieve marginal artificial intelligence. At the 2019 mwc (World Mobile Communications Congress), the China-China newsletter released an es500smec server, equipped with an intel processor and joined up with the ai, with a very strong neural network reasoning capacity on the edge, significantly increasing the processing capacity of marginal calculations.
Breakthrough. 100-way video's artificial intelligence analysis on an es600s server, with a peak of more than 7.2tfops(fp16). 2.3.2, web-sliced application of 5g is on the ground, and communication is on the rise.
Web-slice 5g application lands. Web-slice technology is based on a 5g base network that reconfigures network resources through cloudization, virtualization, using end-to-end slices that cut through terminals, wireless access networks, transmission networks and core networks, cutting the network into multiple different performance features (e.g. network bandwidth, time delay, reliability, etc.),
In the area of web slicing, China Communications already has advanced technology programmes and several examples of cooperative applications. In the testing of web slicing by China’s 5g commercial technology research and development experiment, China’s communications support operators in drafting and completing 5g
Slice-to-end technology program was launched in mid-2018. The network slicing program was first launched in mid-2019. The network slicing program was built by the company ' s network slicing lead industry to deploy a 5g end-to-end cloud game operation on a real network based on a full range of products during the Mwcs Shanghai show.
End-to-end web slices running through 5g wireless access networks, carrier networks, core networks and network organization management, leading the cooperative pilot operators and industry in terms of number of industry through such cutting-edge technologies as flexechannel, cloud-based biomass and service-based 5gc.
2.3.3 A series of sales focused on major business development with a focus on 5g transfer of Nubia equity and a contraction of the consumer channel terminal business. On 27 July 2017, the Chinese communications transferred at $727.2 million to Namchango Nubia, a holding subsidiary, 10.1% of the shares.
With 49.9% of the shares in Asia, Nubia is no longer included in the corporate consolidated statements. Shrinking the consumer channel terminal business, the Department will change the current strategy of fully rolling out the mobile phone business, focusing on niche operators to improve end competitiveness and profitability, while reducing the branding and marketing costs of the consumer channel.
Soft equity in the sale of subsidiaries highlights the power of the ict technology. Soft equity in the sale of communications in China is 43.66%. Soft business in China is concentrated in software and is not directly related to the business of communications in China.
The recognition of the partner Ali behind Tzu Creek in Nanjing highlights the company’s leadership in the ict area. Focusing on the main business, building on profits, saving on 5g. Currently, 5g is growing rapidly, with major players in communications around the world constantly investing huge amounts of resources in research and development competitions.
5g R & D project planning: reduce investment in affiliates and unrelated master projects, and raise funds back as a 5g reserve. Corporate focus will help companies to become more competitive and win the big 5g-era development. 3 - Business recovery is on track, with a steady increase in the 5g II collection share moving.
The company ' s overall performance was affected by the United States ban in 2018, with a larger deficit, with the more affected consumer operations earning RMB 19.21 billion, down 45.43 per cent from the previous year. However, with the lifting of the embargo by the United States Department of Commerce, the company ' s performance gradually recovered, reaching the fourth quarter of the year.
One billion yuan, or 611 per cent more than the previous year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, amounting to $5,777 million, were realized and lost, with a basic gain of RMB 1.22 per share, mainly as a result of the increase in revenues from the network of operators over the same period of the previous year, and the increase in the number of revenues from the network of operators as a percentage of revenues.
The growth of the network of operators, government enterprises, and consumer operations has been sustained. In 2019, the Department generated $6.6584 billion in revenues from the network of operators, an increase of 16.66 per cent over the previous year and an increase in the Māori rate to 42.61 per cent, mainly due to the loss of revenue from domestic and foreign Fdd system equipment and from domestic and foreign 5g system equipment;
In 2020, the company will publish nearly 10 5g machines, and the overall market will be ready in the future as the 5-g shift arrives. The 100-million government and enterprise scheme, which provides customized industry solutions for clients, has worked well.
Figure 7: Corporate restructuring between 2015 and 2019 5g is fast- under construction, and the share of the international domestic market is expected to be higher than expected. Companies insist on investing heavily in 5g and related areas, engaging deeply in global 5g cooperation and testing, accumulating large amounts of patents and technology, 5g potential competitiveness, public, etc.
The Division is one of the world’s four leading equipment operators. China’s recently moved 5g2 base station collection, with a winning share of 28.96%, and as the 5g progresses, from first-line cities to small and medium-sized cities, the share of the communications market in China is expected to rise further, considering that the market share of companies in telecommunications connectivity is similar to that of the companies as a whole.
(1) With the steady rise in the market share of the company as the operator ' s 5g bid continues to be released, the accelerated construction of the 5g base station is expected to produce higher expectations of the company ' s performance and high growth in the operator ' s network business revenues over the next three years, we predict that (2) with the company ' s successive release of nearly 10 5g models in 2020, with a 5g switch in the future,
(3) In 2019, the company released the “two hundred thousand plan” to provide customized industry solutions for its clients, resulting in the emergence of a single share of the 5g major equipment firm, which covers wireless, transmission, core network, and which benefited from the rapid construction of 5g in the country and the continuous release of the operator's 5g bid from the larger context of the country's leading world.
The market share of China in the 5g II phase of its current move shows a steady increase in the market share of the company. With the deployment of 5g gradually moving from the first-line to the small and medium-sized cities, combined with the old 4g, the market share of the company is expected to be scarce in the future in one of a's sole telecommunications masters, and the current valuation level is on average compared with that of the communications equipment industry.
There’s a certain margin for valuation on a horizontal level. The new coronary epidemic has caused industrial uncertainty about the global impact, which, with the spread of the new coronary epidemic, such as failure to control it in the future, could affect the rapid advance of the 5g process abroad, and consequently the expansion of companies’ overseas operations.
If the operator invests less than expected, the company ' s downstream customers are predominantly operators, influenced by national policies, etc., there will be some impact on the company ' s performance if the operator ' s capital expenditure falls short of expectations.