General-purpose automation has grown strongly, and the new energy & track interface has yet to be broken under the signature of Zhang Luang, where management costs, such as corporate R & D inputs, have increased significantly during the reporting period, resulting in performance growth well below that of the harvest.
The high share of R & D inputs creates a strong guarantee for the company’s subsequent performance, with short-term performance fluctuations that do not affect the company’s long-term growth and value the platformed layout of the company’s internal expansion of cogent technologies. General automated operations are growing rapidly, and systematized solutions drive product market expansion.
\diamond automation, driven by the upgrading and structural recovery of the manufacturing industry, achieved a high rate of growth of over 50%, in particular 112.85% growth in general-purpose servo products.
Highly competitive industrially controlled products take their share of the new market. High value-added products guarantee strong growth in the elevator business and better performance in specialized services.
The consolidated elevator operation generated $814 million, an increase of 14.44 per cent, and the city’s share continued to rise, mainly because of the company’s increased expansion of the Euro-American brand elevator plant and the overseas elevator operation in India. The electric fluid server generated sales revenue of $350 million, an increase of 26.87 per cent, compared with 26.87 per cent.
The new energy power power interconnection control operation is still to be broken, with the new energy commercial vehicle power control IV \diamond quarterly accelerated release time. In the first three quarters of 2017, the new energy vehicle business received $373 million.
Recovering, four quarters are expected to speed up the release. A new generation will complete a small batch certification in the second half of the year, and the country’s first-line full-time and international passenger vehicle plants are now in the process of being certified. New-energy auto-controlled main-loading production lines have been completed, and the power-control operation is accelerating, with high growth next year.
The sales revenue is $81 million, a decrease of 39.82% from the same year. The purchase of orders for Jiangsu's chair changed, the company is expected to win two towed control orders by March 2018 (non-Su, Shenzhen region), and the Jiangsu's “out of Suzhou” strategy will be an important step.
The year has been a year of high growth in the automation of industrial controls, and the platform is becoming better-placed. Three quarters of pmi continues to go up \diamond, and it is expected that the pmi will continue to rise steadily in four quarters, leading to a high profile in the automation of industrial controls.
"Segawa Technology-Industry Control Overseeing New Energy Power Depositions, Industrial Robots-Scara Robots and Six Axis-Scara Robots for sale, projected for this year's camp, platform configurations are getting better" 2017-08-25.
The company is able to meet the need to customize the new power-driven vehicle-driven system, and the power and control operations are fast-tracking. The 2018 turnover is expected to take the weight of the “Get Out of Suzhou” strategy.
A step forward. Tier-level performance support has been completed, with high growth in subsequent performance over time.\diamond 38/29/22, considering the imminent release of new energy power and control operations in companies in the second half of the year and increased profitability,
\diamond Technologies - Industry Control Over-expected New Energy Power Transfers to Release, Platforms to Upscale, Hitchon Technologies - Multi-Purpose Operations, Industrial Guides to Forwards