Three-quarterly earnings/net profits from SWIFT were RMB 1,193 million/RMB294 million, an increase of 21 per cent/declining 2 per cent over the same period. Income growth: 1) Three-quarter smart device plates (remove electric vehicle controllers and orbital transformer operations) sustained a growth of 38 per cent, while revenue from the Ancheon power plant in China increased by 27 per cent in United States dollars on a year-on-year basis;
2) Three-quarter electric vehicle controller operations rebounded from 49 per cent in the first half of the year to 37 per cent in the same period, which could be boosted by animal current vehicle revenues, as the three-quarter electric bus sales of Wootung recovered at the same/ring ratio to -6/109 per cent; 3) three-quarter railway track transformer operations had virtually no confirmation of 3-and-four-line subway-related receipts in Suzhou.
Enter, we believe that most of the revenue is more likely to be recognized in 2018. Profit rate performance: 1) 3-quarter gross interest rate per year/ring ratio decreased by 4/1 percentage points, reflecting the impact of lower prices for electric passenger car controllers and product formations re-orientated towards less profitable electric vehicle operations. 2) The absolute amount of sales management costs is not present.
More than the average of the previous four quarters, we believe that this may indicate that the previous radical R & D expenditure on electric vehicles has not been followed up, and new orders for electric vehicles are still the focus. In the last quarter, the company targeted five or six second-line companies and plans to win one or two first-line customers (e.g. Gilly/North/Gwanda/Longan) in the course of the year.
In recent times, the media (e.g., the New Wave Network) have reported an earlier 20% reduction in the new energy vehicle subsidy in 2018, and further downward pressure on the car controller ' s profit margin. Details of this policy will be available later this year on such data as the profitability of electric vehicle operations and the new contract for electric passenger vehicles.
I, Ducie, hereby state that all views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views on the above-mentioned company or its securities. Moreover, any part of my salary is irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The summary of investments evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the main indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, returns, valuation multipliers and volatility. Growth, returns and valuation multipliers are all calculated using several methods combined to determine the percentage ranking of the unit within the industry in the region. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows:
Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital returns and net asset returns. The valuation multipliers are based on the expected annual valuation ratios, such as market gains, dividends, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, net market rates. Volatility is calculated on the basis of 12 months of historical volatility and adjusted for dividends.
In our global coverage, we use the M & As framework to analyse stocks, taking into account both qualitative and quantitative factors (which may vary from industry to region) to take into account the possibility of some firms being acquired. We then rate companies on M & As from one to three, one of which represents a higher probability of companies becoming M & As (30-50%), two of which represent a medium probability (15-30%), and three of which are less likely (0%-Qantum).
Quantum is a highly specialized database that provides specific financial statement data history, projections, and ratios, which can be used for in-depth analysis of single firms, or for comparison between firms in different industries and markets. gssustain gssustain is a global investment strategy that focuses on achieving long-term excess returns by identifying leading firms in high-quality industries.gssstain50 is a list of concerns that we believe are based on excellent capital returns.
Reporting, sustainable competitive advantages, and effective management of risks to esg (environmental, social, and corporate governance) are expected to be successful in the long term vis-à-vis industry leaders around the world. Candidates are mainly based on a comprehensive quantitative analysis of business performance in these three areas.
a Share industries: Chinese Chinese vehicles (a), Aston, Grand National Laser, Lead Smart, New Timeda, Sinokawa Technologies, Robots.
In the next three months, Goldman Sachs is expected to receive or seek compensation for investment banking services from the following companies: Hitchon Technology (rmb30.59) Company rating, research industry and rating and related definitions. Any stock that does not receive or sell a rating and has an active rating (i.e., shares that are not suspended, not rated, suspended or unresearched) is considered to have a neutral rating.
The distribution of ratings may vary according to the decisions of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee. Moreover, each regional investment assessment committee manages a list of strong regional purchases or sales, which is suspended at the level of overall potential returns (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of a sufficient basis for determining investment ratings or price targets, or legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, if any, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information.
No research (nc): We did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. No (nm): this information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report. This report is distributed in China by High-City Securities.