Segawa Technologies (3000124): Industrial control plates continue to grow, and new energy vehicles are recommended (for the first time) for reheating 723 million yuan, an increase of 5.03 per cent over the same period. Of this amount, q3 has achieved operating income of 1,192 million yuan, an increase of 20.65 per cent over the same period, and net return to the mother of 294 million yuan.
The q3 sector has experienced a slow growth in q2 operations. In 2017, q1-q3 general frequency changer operations generated $740 million, 76.53 per cent; elevator integration operations generated $814 million, a year-on-year increase.
But through the conversion of corporate bulletins, q3 General Translator Business achieved $373 million in the company's new energy vehicle business, a decline of 18.32 per cent; but q3 Q3 Q3 Q3 New Energy Bus sold 5805 vehicles to boost q3 q3 Q3 Q3 New Energy Motors.
The revenue from the source automobile business was 227 million yuan, a 12,254 per cent increase over the ring. Quasi-trading business was down this year, and new orders were expected to support its performance.
39.82%: of this amount, q3 received $13 million in a single season, which is another 40% drop in the ring. The company currently holds $325 million in Sioux Track 3 project is still in operation for 18 years.
The strategy of introducing new strategic investors along latitudes is intended to enhance the ability of trade-trading operations to obtain new orders with new strategic investors. • High R & D inputs contribute less to net profits, but we think R & D inputs are corporate security.
The management costs of the three-quarterly newspaper companies continue to increase significantly by 46.14 per cent, while the company’s R & D investment remains high. We believe that a short-term rise in R & D investment will erode the company’s net profits, but that the company’s industry is in control.
High R & D enables companies to maintain their own strengths and is a high-profit forecast for companies to remain competitive over the long term: based on the high rate of growth in the company ' s industrial panels in 2017, but R & D fees The industry is in a cycle of increased industrial concentration, with companies increasing R & D inputs
For the first time, we gave them a “precautionaryly recommended” investment rating in the interest of consolidating our own advantages.
Pan Yong-leong: Xiamen University, eight years of experience in securities research, joined the Chinese Securities Research and Development Department in September 2017, mainly in research and follow-up areas: the new energy sector for electrical equipment, and the non-banking financial sector. The report was produced by Hua-yuan securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information and views expressed in the report do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining this report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to anyone.
An independent assessment shall be made, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial position and specific needs, and consult with professional consultants, as necessary, on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc.