General automation continues to gain momentum, in the area of new energy vehicles, and three quarters report operating revenue of $3.13 billion in the first three quarters of 2017, an increase of 27.57 per cent.
The net profit of shareholders in listed companies was 723 million yuan, an increase of 5.03 per cent for the same period, corresponding to eps 0.44 yuan; their operating income for the third quarter of the middle quarter was 1,193 million yuan, an increase of 20.65 per cent for the same period, and the net profit of shareholders in listed companies was 294 million yuan, a decrease of 1.82 per cent, corresponding to eps0.18 yuan for the same year.
• The company ' s GFMV, GFSS, plc&hmi increased by 52.28 per cent in the first three quarters, benefiting from the continued good of the industry, the company as the industry leader and the continuing momentum of the GFSS business, which generated sales revenue of $1,373 million in the first three quarters of 2017.
Over 70% of the growth is much higher than the growth in the industry. Of this, GTO products achieved sales revenue of $740 million in the third quarter of 2017, an increase of 52.28% in the same year; sales of $240 million in the third quarter, an increase of about 20% in last year's high base, and the third quarter of this year's bus.
We're expecting more than 45% of the general frequency changers throughout the year instead of the abb\Simenko brands.
2. General-purpose automation operations were over-expected and new growth was achieved. The company achieved $514 million in sales revenue in the first three quarters of the common-serving product, compared to growth.
112.85 per cent; of this amount, sales revenue for the third quarter was $174 million, an increase of about 107 per cent, universal service service, which has more than doubled its growth since last three quarters, and corporate universal service overall solution, 3. Universal automation over-expected in the first half of the year.
Programs and product qualifications are highly recognized, downstream industries 3c, lithium, semiconductor, etc. have a high temperature, automatic, and total power output for the second half of the year is expected to be significantly modified, so we expect the company to have more than 100% of the increase in universal service throughout the year.
Long. For the first three quarters of the plc&hmi product, $119 million was sold, an increase of 76.53 per cent.
This is a recovery from the decline, with a sustained recovery in global and national manufacturing, a growth of companies in the last four quarters, which is expected to accelerate, and we expect more than 65% growth in corporate general automation operations throughout the year.
The high base, which began in the third quarter of last year, saw sales revenue of 350 million yuan on electric fluids in the third quarter of this year, a slowdown of 26.87 per cent over the previous quarter; $119 million over the third quarter; positive corporate layout, Ningpoiston, which generated sales revenue of 814 million yuan over the same period; and $314 million over the third quarter.
The increase in the company's integrated elevator business is due to a rise in the share of multinational companies, such as mobility, Tyson, Qingda, and a slight increase in the stability of domestic brands, so we expect that the three-quarter improvements in the new energy vehicle will be positive throughout the year, with a major breakthrough in the field of logistics and a strong domestic and international build-up.
The market potential is enormous in the area of foreign passenger vehicles. The first six months of the new energy automobile business were hit by a policy downturn 48%, the third quarter of the commercial car started to warm, and the company electronic car order started to grow better, but it was still declining because of the decline in the Maori rate and the recognition of revenue, and the company was able to do so in the first three quarters of 2017.
The source automobile business achieved sales revenue of $373 million, a decrease of 18.32 per cent, of which $227 million, or 30 per cent, in the third quarter. The company's performance recovered in the third quarter, and in the area of new energy buses, the company's sole client, Ton, produced about 6,000 units in the third quarter, an increase of 5 per cent in the same year.
The quarterly bus sector has begun to recover and has been constrained by falling prices, and the previous three quarters have been more marked, but the quarter has been a worthwhile season; while in the new energy logistics vehicle sector, companies have made a major breakthrough this year, with nine of the top 10 logistics companies in the country, all of which are company customers, and the company's microscopic, blue-plate 4.5t light cards, among others, expanding well.
We expect to reach over 40,000 logistics vehicles due to environmental factors, power control, the city's share of about 40 per cent, the largest increase in new energy automobile business this year, and next year we, in the area of energy vehicles, where companies have been robustly configured since last year, and platforms and systems are in line with International I.
Current supplier standards, passenger cars have been set in several domestic cars, and front-line branding contacts are very deep, and we expect to be able to do so in one or two front-line brands this year.
It is clear that both the domestic and the foreign motorized giants are taking over the beach layout, that the Sinkkawa is expected to become a very important supplier in the overall area of motor power, and that the apparent contribution of revenue profits is expected to be significant in 2019, with the potential and resilience of the future. The fourth quarter is a season for passenger and logistics cars, and we expect that the entire new energy car plate in 2017 will be real.
The first three dollars of the company's orbital operations fell by 84% the same year, and about 500 million orders are still unrecognizable. According to the company and Jiangsu, they are still unrecognised.
Performance commitments signed at Latitude to replace the original successful acquisition of at least one complete draw order by 30 June 2017 with the completion of at least two complete traction orders belonging to different cities by 31 March 2018; and, in addition, the incorporation of the corporate capital build-up into the investor build-up, strategizing-up, supplementary conditions for the investor to take the order
Using its own operational resources and capabilities in the field of orbital transport to assist in the acquisition of at least one complete towed system order in the national (other than Suzhou, Shenzhen) subway bidding for two years at the latitude orbit between 2017 and 2018, otherwise its equity will be transferred or repurchased, so we expect to get two or three articles in the next two years.
The main reason for this is the decline in the Māori rate due to the fall in the price of new energy automobiles, while the lower Māori rate is expected to stabilize at around 45 per cent for the year as compared to the lower Māori rate for the lower price of elevators and spare parts under the single machine. At the cost side, the company’s cost increased by 42.31 per cent to $845 million over the first three quarters of 2017, over the same period.
In the third quarter, the cost of corporate sales was $89 million, an increase of 19 per cent and a sales rate of 7 per cent. On the management side, the company’s management costs for the first three quarters were $587 million, an increase of 46.14 per cent, the management cost rate was 18.76 per cent, the share of revenue was 16 per cent, the cost growth for the third quarter slowed down, and the overall management costs increased significantly mainly in the following areas:
The cost of R & D in the area of new energy vehicles has increased significantly, with new energy vehicles building a research and development team of more than 600 people last year, accounting for about 30% of the company’s R & D population, and significant increases in R & D and materials costs. Companies’ stock of 1,134 million in the first three quarters of the year increased by 50.93% compared to the beginning of the period, mainly by increasing orders for new energy vehicles.
The company has increased its advance payments at the latitudes of Jiangsu and Suzhou, and cash flows of $304 million, an increase of 56.94 per cent over the previous period, mainly as a result of increased performance in the collection of notes, cash repayments.
Motivating this year's strong recovery and absolute leadership in corporate industrial control, with 45 times greater than that granted in 2018, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has the Securities Investment Advisory Board