Automation plates have grown significantly, with new energy cars starting to grow, and companies have increased their revenues by 27.57 per cent on a three-monthly basis and their net profits by 5.03 per cent on a parent basis: 3.129 billion yuan in operating income in the first three quarters of 2017, an increase of 27.57 per cent on a year-on-year basis;
Achieving operating profits of $777 million, an increase of 28.61 per cent over the same period; achieving net profits attributable to the shareholders of listed companies, resulting in slower growth in company performance than revenue collection, is expected to improve in the fourth quarter: Lee Wanshan
Billion dollars, an increase of 32.68 per cent over the same period. The main reason for the cost increase is that companies are investing heavily in new energy cars, leading to significant increases in R & D costs and sales costs, as well as in equity incentives.
A drop of 8.1 per cent, with company inputs concentrated in the first half of the year, and further improvements are expected in the four quarters of the year. Suburban demand is better in the industrial sector, elevators and electric fluids are growing steadily: the benefits are higher in the industrial sector as a result of industrial warming and industrial upgrading, and corporate general automation.
Business growth is rapid. Of this amount, US$ 740 million in sales revenue has been realized for General Frequency Products, $119 million for products of the plc&hmi class, compared to the increase, which is 76.53 per cent. The structural recovery and growth of the equipment industry in this round is in the early stages, and the industry is expected to continue to be high in the future.
The Department ' s enhanced marketing capacity and upgrading of customized services resulted in sales gains of $814 million, or 14.44 per cent, for the integrated elevator operations of the company, and sales revenue of $350 million for the electric fluids server operations, compared to the start of the second half of the new energy automobile business:
In the previous three quarters, the company ' s new energy vehicle business generated revenue of $373 million, a decline of 18.32 per cent, and a single-season revenue of $227 million, an increase of 122.5 per cent in the ring. According to the China-China Air Association, in January-September, the country produced 4,24,000 new energy vehicles and sold 398,000 vehicles, an increase of 40.2 per cent and 37.7 per cent, respectively, over the same period of the previous year.
At the same time, we understand that the company’s deep-seated bus has warmed up in the third quarter, and that the electricity and animal cars have increased at a very high rate in the second half of the year, and that the company is expected to grow at a year-round performance. Looking at the future of the company’s growth space, we maintain a “strongly recommended” rating: