North-East Suoxuan Technologies (3000124) New Energy Motors has great potential for future restoration, common domain
The median of the three-quarter performance forecast estimates that the company's operating income for the first three quarters was $3.23 billion, a year-on-year increase.
27% longer, net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies increased by 6% from the same year, corresponding to an increase of $300 million for the ps, or 0% from the same year. Corporate income growth was mainly due to structural recovery and growth in the equipment manufacturing industry, and the continued deepening of marketing and technology marketing in the corporate sector.
1. The general automation operation is over-expected, and the new industrial-controlled industry has been warming since its gradual recovery in the second half of last year;
The general automation of companies has taken the lead since the third quarter of last year and slowed down in the third quarter because of base-level effects. The demand in the industry has continued to improve since the turning point in the second half of 2016.
In the second half of the year, the total power output is expected to reach its highest level since May 2012, with three quarters of the industrial and regulatory sector having a higher profile than expected. As industry leaders, companies work in the industrial and regulatory sectors to break down the industry in general and provide solutions to break down the industry ' s characteristics.
3. General automation growth is more than expected, new general automation operations have been at the forefront of recovery since the third quarter of last year, and general frequency and universal servo orders and energy motor power are always expected.
The income is clearly on a step-by-step and continues to this day, although due to the high base figures that began in the last three quarters of last year, general frequency changes, elevators, and a plastics server are expected to grow faster than the 4-year-olds are expected to do this year.
In the first half of the year, there was a slowdown, and universal servers were expected to double in the first six months due to particularly high demand, building up all new energy vehicles and intelligent growth, and we expect the company to have a general frequency changer, a universal server, a plc& hmi collection throughout the year.
Increases. With regard to the Maori rate, a slight decline in the first half of the year is expected, mainly due to the continued over-expected growth of the automated business, the same increase in the common server rate, the stability of the plc&hmi, and the uniting of elevators.
In the area of new energy vehicles, the bus has deepened its cooperation with Woo-tung, and the field of logistics has made a major breakthrough. In the first half of the year, under policy influence, new energy commercial vehicles, including passenger and logistics vehicles, produced only 33,000 vehicles, with the same decline of 38.0%, have led to the company ' s first six months of new energy vehicle operations.
In the area of new energy buses, the owner of the company controls the production of the only customer Yutong in the third quarter, which is about 6,000, an increase of 5 per cent.
There's also a drop, the three-quarter bus sector is starting to recover, and four-quarters are worth looking forward to; in the new energy logistics area, the company has made a major breakthrough this year. Nine of the top 10 logistics companies in the country are company customers.
It is controlled that the city will account for 60-70 per cent of the largest increase, so the company ' s auto e-business orders have begun to recover their relatively good growth in the 1-3 quarter, but revenue has continued to decline for recognized reasons and is expected to grow better throughout the year as the commercial vehicle stock for the fourth quarter is expected to grow better.
It is to be expected that in the area of new energy vehicles, where the company has been strongly deployed since last year, new energy vehicles, with an overall research and development team of 5,600 people, platforms and systems are in line with international top suppliers, are in place in several of the companies, and there are very deep, high-end, high-end front-line brand contacts, overseas mass BMWs, etc.
The company’s strength is well recognized, and a breakthrough in the future is worth looking forward to, with a clear global trend towards electricization of the vehicle fleet, with large domestic and international passenger cars ravaging the beach layout, and the potential for the Hitchuan to become a vehicle-powered area of total profit growth, which is making a positive contribution. The company’s profit growth in the first three quarters is still significantly lower than its revenue growth rate, continuing for the first half of the year.
Trends are related to the corporate business strategy as a whole. The number of people in the company as a whole has increased significantly this year, and research and development has intensified, mainly in the area of new energy vehicles, resulting in higher costs for related personnel, research and development materials, etc., than performance growth, with the same 23% increase in sales in the first half of the year, 55% increase in R & D staff and the same increase in R & D costs.
75.45%, mainly in electronic car R & D, are expected to increase significantly in the first three quarters as compared to the same rates for sales and management costs. In addition, the first three quarters of a company’s equity incentive or release of income tax deductible costs have decreased, while the parent company received income tax refunds during the same period in the previous year, resulting in an increase in income tax costs in the current year compared to the same period in the previous year.
The company ' s non-recurring gains and losses in the first three quarters of the year were approximately $92 million, of which 64 million were recorded in the first half of the year, compared to three years ago, when it was a leader in motor power control and was also heavily deployed in the area of passenger vehicles, considering that this year ' s automation of industrial controls, Dong Oo Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the China Securities Supervisory Board, has been in possession of a securities investment advisory board.