The progress of common operations is evident, with new energy operations waiting for the future South-West Securities Research and Development Centre event: 3-quarterly reports issued by companies in 2017, yielding $3.13 billion in revenue during the reporting period, an increase of 27.6 per cent over the same period.
The net return to the mother was about 720 million yuan, an increase of about 5 per cent in the same year; the company collected 1,190 million yuan in the third quarter, an increase of 20.7 per cent, and the net return to the mother was 290 million yuan, a decline of 1.8 per cent in the same year; progress in traditional major industries was evident and new energy vehicles and tracks failed to meet expectations: due to structural recovery in the equipment manufacturing sector
Sioux, the company's traditional owner, G.I.A. products are growing at a good rate, with G.V.S. products receiving $740 million, an increase of 52.3 per cent, G.S. products earning $510 million, an increase in the impact of the country's low commercial sales, and the company's new energy automobile sales earning $370 million, a decline in the same year.
18.3 per cent; orbital traffic expansion has fallen short of expectations, with sales revenue of $80 million, a 39.8 per cent decline in comparison with the previous year; and three major business prospects are wide and companies will continue to develop: after more than a decade of company development, companies have developed from single-frequency transformer suppliers to integrated electrical products and solutions suppliers.
The product contains industrial automation products in the field of smart equipment and industrial robotics, new energy motors, core components, and the three modules of the orbital transport traction and control system. Industrial development of 4.0 will steadily increase the demand for intelligence, manufacturing and industrial robots, and the development of new energy vehicles will be on the move, in addition to me.
The country’s planned metro development will also provide huge space for corporate silicone operations. A rapid breakthrough in the area of segmentation has made steady progress towards system integration: the ability of the company to bring solutions to the problems highlighted by large international customers and sea integrated machines, ard elevator emergency floor devices, icca, ucmp solutions, etc.
The company’s main clientele are still concentrated in national product brand manufacturers, and as the client structure optimizes and brands continue to grow, the company is expected to enter a high-quality foreign-brand supply chain. As real estate continues to grow this year, the company’s integrated operations in elevators will continue to grow rapidly.
By 47 times, 38 times, and 31 times, respectively, the company's industrial and regulatory products have come up with the recovery of the industrial and regulatory fields, and the new energy and automobile products have grown robustly, and we are looking at the company's long-term development, observing that the average value of the industrial and regulatory companies in 2017 was more than 42 times the average, and that the company was a national leader and could give them.
1. Segawa technology (300124): Increased automation rate, working assumption 1: Businesses such as the company ' s traditional business change frequency products, servo system products, programmable logical devices, etc. have continued to develop robustly, and industry in the corresponding area has recovered significantly as a result of industrial controls, with an expected rate of increase of 30 per cent, 40 per cent and 50 per cent, respectively.
We estimate that these three operations will follow industry trends. The Māori rate, which is affected by higher upstream raw material prices, is lower than it was originally assumed that two new energy products would start a small experiment in 17 years, but the low volume of commercial traffic this year has led to a small harvest that has not been, for no reason, and will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.