The new power-borne motor controls continue to be deployed, and the business sections are growing steadily — the Hitchon technology study shows a bright picture of general automation operations, which will continue to grow steadily in the future:
The company will continue to enhance market competitiveness in the future, with the goal of becoming a world leader in Siemens, abbs.
Industry, for its part, will maintain a compound annual growth rate of about 30% over the next three years, deepen import substitution, and increase market access. Moreover, elevator integration will grow slightly in the future, and will remain a stable cash cow product for companies, with electric fluid servile operations (including subsidiaries like Eastton) expected to grow by about 20%.
In the first three quarters of the year, the company achieved revenue of $373 million, an 18 per cent decline over the previous three quarters.
A 48% decline in the previous two quarters and an increase in the third quarter. A breakdown shows that in 2017, the new energy passenger vehicle was heavily subsidized, and the overall decline in the industry was significant, with sales falling by 13.16% in the first three quarters of the bus, which worked with the company in depth, having a greater impact on the company ' s plate; the new energy logistics vehicle grew this year.
Rapidly, the company’s main customers, the East Wind, the Shaanxitos, and others, have a large market share in the logistics car market, leading to a significant increase in the company’s logistics car power and control business. New energy vehicles continue to be deployed, and progress is in line with expectations:
Companies have a great deal of commitment, unprecedented investment in research and development, and will remain high in the future, with the intention of entering into the global supply chain of mainstream car companies. In addition to deep collaboration with such well-known car companies as Jili, Hiro, Chang-An, and others, companies have established links with the public and BMW.
In the future, it is expected to be the country’s first third-party electronic control supply chain to foreign-owned vehicles. To obtain a targeted certification of the entire domestic and international vehicle plants.
The company's controlling subsidiary, Jiangsu, is expected to continue to expand: Track 4 and Phase 2 of the Project for the Purchase of the Engineering Vehicle Towed System in the near-latitude mid-latitudes of the city of Ningbo. The winning bid is $123 million.
For the first time, the business has made a breakthrough in a different location, and according to performance commitments, the company will have to win at least one city's entire towed system order by March 31, 18th. After this zero break, the winning bid will be followed by a good look at the future growth space of the company and maintain a "very recommended" rating:
Automation plates have grown significantly, and new energy cars have started to release without a catalogue item being found.