"Wearing Media Company" splits the media (002027.sz, bought) the share of the advertising market in the building, and the channel sinks into new energy.
After two consecutive years of decline, in 2017, the fee for advertising was 4.3 per cent positive and the rate of 1q18 continued. The mass media was positioned as “advertising companies plus conduits”, and media and customer resources were pre-eminent. As of the first quarter of 2018, the company had approximately 313,000 self-owned elevator television outlets covering the entire country.
(a) 93 cities and regions and 15 major cities in Korea, about 11,000 television media outlets in the Confederated Elevator, and 145 cities in the Outsourcing Cooperative Elevator poster media, with over 224,000 media outlets;
In 2015-2017, the company collected 18 per cent of cagr, 33 per cent of net profit cagr, “500 cities, 100 million yuan, an increase of 9.1 per cent, with a rise in the share of corporate media businesses in 2017.
From 1.3 pcts to 78.1%, the cinema media industry declined by 0.6 pcts to 19.42%, representing a combined 97.26% share of total income. In cash flow, the company's cash balance for the third year in a row was over $3 billion, with terminals and 500 million new mediums” expansion targets, screens and posters upgraded to new dynamic energy.
We look at the media for the reason that (1) the company is positioned as an advertising company plus a channeler business model with clarity, two major business barriers, a monopoly over media and customer resources and a higher bargaining position.
Capacity is supposed to enjoy a higher valuation; (2) the company ' s growth in revenue in 2017 and the first quarter of 2018 led to a healthy increase in net profits, and the new business expansion plan for 2018 is expected to maintain the company ' s largely positive orientation, while the 3 billion equity buy-back plan and the three-year cash plan highlight the company ' s confidence in management.
The outdoor media continued to grow at a rate of more than 20%. Distributed media were identified as “advertising companies plus conduits,” and media and customer resources were preponderantly superior, leading businesses.
As of the first quarter of 2018, the company had approximately 313,000 self-owned elevator television outlets, covering about 93 cities and regions and 15 major cities in the country, about 11,000 cities in the Coalition Elevator television media, and 145 cities in the external purchase of cooperative elevator poster media, covering more than 224,000 media outlets;
There are more than 1750 licensed cinemas, 37 co-operative cinemas, and more than 11,800 screens, covering some 300 cities across the country, which together account for 97.26 per cent of total income. In cash flow, the company's cash balance is over $3 billion for the third year in a row.
The expansion targets, screens and posters were upgraded to new dynamic energy. (i) Investment ratings and valuations, we looked at separate media for the reason that (1) the company was positioned as advertising company plus channeler with a clear business model.
(b) The company ' s growth of net profits in the first quarter of 2017 and 2018 through revenue growth, and the new business expansion plan is expected to maintain the company ' s largely positive orientation, with 3 billion equity buybacks and three-year cash plans.
(ii) The key assumption is that the company's channel sink plan can be successfully implemented.
(iii) Different from public recognition, we believe that, while media upgrading can lead to higher operating costs in the short term, penetration can be sustained as consumption levels in three or four-line cities rise rapidly.
(iv) Catalyst for stock price performance The downside + media upgrade opens a new round of point expansion and is expected to maintain a largely positive corporate stance. (v) Core hypothetical risks
Valuation risks and business expansion are less advanced than expected Second, consumer spending contributes 58.8 per cent to economic growth, and the advertising industry is well on track, with China ' s economy operating well in 2017, with gross domestic product (GDP) of 82,711 million yuan, an increase of 6.9 per cent over the same period.
According to data published by the National Statistical Office, the final consumption expenditure contributed 58.8 per cent to the growth of the economy, while total retailing of social consumer goods continued to grow at a steady rate of more than 10 per cent. Gross domestic product (GDP) of 198,78.3 billion yuan in the first quarter of 2018 increased by 6.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, while total retailing of social consumer goods grew at a faster rate.
9.8 per cent, an increase of 0.1 percentage points over January-February. (i) Market size: China ' s expected advertising turnover in 18 years exceeded $700 billion. The good performance of the domestic economy and consumption in 2017 and the first quarter of 2018 also reflects the overall positive trend of the advertising industry
Trends. According to data from the National Directorate of Commerce and Industry, in 2017, the country ' s annual commercial turnover was 689,641 million yuan, an increase of 6.3 per cent compared with 6.3 per cent. The annual turnover of the advertising industry in China was 7.15 per cent in 2014-2017, and the size of the advertising market accounted for the share of gdp. The rapid development of new media such as mobile communications, the Internet, social media and digital advertising in recent years has been accompanied by rapid developments.
Rapid, targeted and low-cost advantages have led to a negative increase in the overall revenue of the advertising industry in 2015-2016. After two consecutive years of decline, China’s advertising market experienced a low rebound as a result of the end of China’s Internet traffic dividend, and the growth of the advertising market as a whole was boosted by the rise in traditional media outlets.
A positive growth of 4.3 per cent was achieved, and in the first quarter of 2018 the increase in the cost of advertising in China continued to increase at a rate of 14.6 per cent. (ii) Market structure: traditional media outlets have recovered, and outdoor media have continued to grow at a high rate of more than 20 per cent.
In 2017, the overall downward trend in the placement of traditional media spots decreased. Television advertisements apparently stopped falling back, from 3.7% in 2016 to 1.7% in 2017 and 16.5% in the first quarter of 2018.
In the first quarter of 2018, the food and beverages industry increased significantly in advertising in the traditional media, the beverages and alcoholic drinks increased by 44.0 per cent and 43.8 per cent, respectively, in television advertising and the food industry in broadcasting advertising.
On the other hand, advertising in digital media on the Internet slowed down after rapid growth. Internet advertising went up 12.4 per cent in 2017 and went back 5.4 per cent in the first quarter of 2018.
As the Internet’s demographic dividend disappears, the centralization of the flow portals tends to centralize, and the Internet’s giants are actively developing their fee-paying member business, crowding out advertising budgets and driving Internet advertising into a steady period of development. With regard to outdoor advertising, with the rapid development of major cities, optimizing the city’s appearance is one of the priorities of municipal construction.
In January 2017, Shanghai announced the “Outdoor Advertisement Facility Position Planning”, the historical features of the beach, the People’s Plaza, the Huang Pujiang, the Suzhou River River River, etc., as well as the ban on outdoor advertising: Beijing, in April, stipulated that no additional outdoors would be added to the non-commercial built-up areas except for commercial plots.
As a result, the total area of traditional outdoor advertising continued to decline in 2017 and the first quarter of 2018. According to the Ctr Media Intelligence, in 24 sub-provincial cities and municipalities, only Shenyang, Harbin, Dalian, Fuzhou, and Chongqing, the rest of the cities continued to decline.
The outdoor media section shows a strong growth that is completely different from the traditional media section, where elevator-media advertising has been growing at about 20%, while cinema-based video advertising has been growing at more than 30% again. The three industries are at the top of the three, with a sharp ahead of the rest of the media, with a good industry.
According to a study of ctr media intelligence, in 2017, 70% of the top 20 advertisers were placed in advertising throughout the media, placing more than two types of outdoor media. The value of the outdoor media as one of the three major environmental circles of the Chinese media has been widely recognized by the advertisers.
In 2017, the cost of advertising in digital outdoors increased by 33.2 per cent, while in traditional outdoors grew by 5.5 per cent. At the same time, some traditional advertisers used ads.
For example, there were several large-scale launches on elevator television at the farmer's spring, and alcohol was placed on elevator media and cinema videos during the summer of 2017. (iii) Commercial models in the advertising industry: there was a high degree of fragmentation up and down, and those with access had a higher bargaining power.
The advertising industry has three main models: the traditional media, represented by newspaper and television magazines, attracts consumers through content, creating audience coverage: the outdoor life media, represented by buildings, public transport advertisements, create audience coverage through compulsory coverage; and the Internet advertising, represented by bat, creates audience coverage through consumer initiatives.
Upstream advertisers come from all walks of life, and demand varies, downstream consumers have a wide range of acceptable advertising channels, are selective and highly decentralized. While advertising companies are free to determine the price of different advertising slots, locations, and forms of sales, there is a need to buy operating rights from resource owners and consolidate resources, which means having access to channels or
Third, company profiles – the city’s world of life’s creators of media advertisements – have a code-based communication product that, through a major asset reorganization in 2015, has been able to release all of its original assets and inject more profitable assets into the market.
In 2005, the first Chinese advertising media unit to be listed in NASDAQ in the United States, and in 2007, the NASDAQ 100 index was selected. In 2015, the mass media returned to a unit with a market value of hundreds of billions and became the first in China.
The largest urban life media network in the country has been established. The company’s current main business is the development and operation of life-cycle media, the main products of which are building media (including elevator television media and elevator poster media), cinema screen advertising media and end-sale media, which cover the work, living, entertainment and consumption scenes of the city’s mainstream consumer population, and so on.
There are now more than 300 cities covered by the corporate life media network, some 313,000 self-employed elevators, some 11,000 television media, some 1286,000 self-employed elevator poster media, more than 1,750 cinemas, 37 cooperative lines, more than 11,800 screens, and companies.
It became a central online media platform close to the lives of urban consumers and an integral part of the lives of urban consumers. (ii) Highlights of corporate development
(iii) President Jiang Nanchun's achievements in terms of caution, determination, industry insight and ability to integrate resources have been demonstrated by today's team of directors and founder Jiang Namchun from his student age.
In his second year, Jiang Namchun was the president of the student council, and he asked six Chinese teachers to help him to sharpen the text; he spoke hundreds of times every day and night and spoke with the same taste; in order to cope with the difficulty of cross-examination, he communicated with the representatives of the departments and prepared carefully for the difficult questions: after his perfect performance, he arranged for a number of good friends.
After the speech, he invited the president of the 16 departments to dinner, at all costs, to “bribbing” ... Then Jiang Namchun was given an opportunity to work in an advertising company, thus opening up his own advertising life in 1993.
In the year, Jiang Namchun, with his great mouth and infinity of ideas, almost covered the entire business circle of the Huaihai in Shanghai, where he was the sole owner of 1.5 million of the company’s 4 million revenues. In the year that Jiang Namchun, who was the first gold in his life, was registered, Yong-yi took up 95% of Shanghai’s advertising share, with a turnover of 150 million.
After the NASDAQ technological bubble in 2000, the domestic industry was hit by the wind and so on by the tightening of investment funds, hit by a sharp drop in advertising and difficulties in running Young-il. One chance, Jiang Nam-chun, saw a small ad on the elevator door and found that elevator advertising could reach a large number of high-consumption people, and that it was mandatory to watch and watch.
Market space, among other things, allows adverts to be placed accurately in specific groups of people, with high commercial value, and creates new business models for out-of-house video advertising.
(i) Text-based media: the number of television posters in the building is the highest in the country, with the right to negotiate. The media features mainly small-area and commercial-building elevators, covering two major life scenes of the city’s most consumer population.
In 2017, the company invested in the establishment and operation of a South Korean subsidiary.
Expansion to 15 major cities in Korea, including Seoul, Busan, etc. Number of TV media in building elevators: by the end of 2017, there were approximately 304,000 self-employed elevator television outlets, including about 146,000 domestic elevators and more than 20,000 Korean TV elevators and 92,000 digital posters.
The newspaper 2.0) and 45,000 end-sales media, covering about 93 cities and districts and 15 major cities in the country; and about 11,000 television media outlets for consolidated elevators. As of the end of March 2018, the company owned approximately 313,000 self-employed elevators and 9,000 new ones, covering 117 cities and districts throughout the country.
Number of building elevator poster media: By the end of 2017, the company had about 1,211,000 self-employed elevator poster media, covering 50 cities throughout the country. By the end of March 2018, the company had about 1286,000 self-employed elevator poster media, adding 75,000 pieces, covering 117 cities across the country. The external purchase of cooperative elevator poster media covered 145 cities.
More than 224,000 media outlets. In addition, some of the company ' s poster media were replaced by a small version of 400 mm*500 mm, which is now expected to be about 400,000 to 500,000 in the larger version of the framework. (ii) Cinema media operations: covering about 300 cities throughout the country
By the end of 2017, more than 1,750 cinemas had been contracted by companies, an increase of 14.4% over the same year, 37 cooperative cinema lines, and over 11,680 screens, an increase of 17.0% over the same year, covering some 300 cities across the country.
In 2018, the company proposed to move fast towards a new target of 500 cities, 5 million terminals and 500 million new mediums: the company will actively expand and accelerate the expansion of the second-line urban core along with deep-deeping into the second-line urban periphery.
Cities sink to meet the national communications needs of more customers. On the one hand, second-line cities still have high consumption potential, companies have gained large-scale advantages, and on the other hand, the capacity of third- and fourth-line cities to consume has increased significantly.
In 2017, the company largely completed the replacement of elevator television screens with w-fi, ibeacon, face recognition and apple pay in the first line of cities. In 2018, the company will continue to update elevator television screens in the second and third line of cities.
Elevator posters have also been updated from a small version of 400 mm*500 mm to a larger version of 600 mm*800 mm, and the visual effect is more shocking. We believe that the company's layout in the second-line city is almost complete, and as the level of consumption in the third- and fourth-line city has increased rapidly.
A faster expansion could deepen the company’s moats. Media upgrading could lead to higher operating costs in the short term, but in the long run, the efficiency and longevity of the equipment had actually been improved, and new interactions and payment patterns could bring a more personal use experience to the audience, raising the accuracy of advertising, i.e., greater returns than costs.
On April 25, the company announcement stated that the current company stock prices did not properly reflect the company's value and did not reasonably reflect the company's value.
The company plans to buy back the company’s shares and the public for a 12-month period starting on April 23 at a price exceeding 13 yuan/shares (including 13 yuan/shares).
It is used for employee equity incentives, without excluding the cancellation of a portion of the shares on a case-by-case basis. (i) Basic financial position: for the third consecutive year, the net profit growth has been maintained, the business model of the company has matured,1 the company ' s three-year revenue has been made up of 18 per cent of the cagr and the net profit has been 33 per cent.
One hundred and seventy million dollars, well below the 400 million yuan government subsidy for the same period last year. The net profit from withholding is $1,068 million, as a result of the replacement of the same-year growth screen and the replacement of the large-size frame poster.
After many years of development, the company ' s urban life media model has matured, with rapid growth in the size of the company and operating income, but a sharp decline in operating costs reflects a gradual increase in the strength of the company and in the efficiency of its management.
The rates were 18.86 per cent and 8.55 per cent, respectively, and in 2015-2017, the cost of media operations in buildings was $1,808 million, $2,001 million and $2,186 million respectively, accounting for 71.2 per cent, 66.29 per cent and 66.72 per cent of operating costs respectively, i.e., posters, television maintenance and upgrades for elevators in buildings.
New costs accounted for about two thirds of the operating costs, cinema media expenditure accounted for about 30 per cent of the operating costs, while other major operations accounted for less than 5 per cent.4 Financial costs were negative for three consecutive years, with the overall rate declining slightly.
19.9 per cent and 21.2 per cent of this total, sales costs accounted for more than 80 per cent of the total; financial costs represented large amounts of cash held in the hands of a negative firm, and interest and investment earnings fully covered the cost of financing.5 R & D expenditures accounted for about 2 per cent of the revenue.
Research and project development on patents, practical new designs, and physical design. In 2017, research and development on artificial intelligence technologies such as mobile Internet, high-level human traffic, image recognition and voice recognition were increased, using technology such as big data, high-precision location services, object networking, database development and data analysis for target audiences to effectively improve accurate marketing.
The cash balance of the company for the third year in a row, $3.14 billion, is an indication of the good performance of the company and its high profitability, which will continue to grow in anticipation of the company ' s future profitability. Ric and Roa remained at a high level in 2015-2017 when the company entered a stable operating period.
As the largest elevator advertising medium in the country, the distributed media have achieved almost full coverage of the work-life scenario in the two-line cities, resource coverage and resource availability have rendered the competitors unattainable, and strong barriers have resulted in more than 60 per cent of roic. (iii) Income is divided by business: the gross profit of the two major businesses is over 97 per cent.
1. Focused on the two main business lines of deep-farming buildings and cinema media, with revenues exceeding 97 per cent
The overall share of corporate operations decreased by 0.6 pcts to 19.42 per cent, and the combined share of the two major major businesses in 2017 amounted to 97.26 per cent.In terms of gross profit structure, the Māori rate of corporate operations rose by 2.3 pcts to 72.7 per cent, and the Māori rate of cinema media operations declined by 3 pcts to 57.62 per cent.
The amount of the advance should remain the same at around $400 million in 2018. The higher the amount of the advance is mainly the advertising fee advanced by the advertiser to the public department, the better the company’s performance.
VI. Profit forecasting and investment advice: we look at the media on the grounds that (1) the company is positioned as an advertising company plus a channeler with a clear business model, that two major business barriers are strong, that media and customer resources have a monopoly and a higher bargaining power, and that they should enjoy a higher level of bargaining power.
Valuation; (2) The company ' s growth in net profits is healthy through revenue growth in 2017 and the first quarter of 2018, and the new business expansion plan is expected to maintain the company ' s largely positive orientation, with 3 billion equity buy-backs and three-year cash plans demonstrating confidence in the company ' s management of its operations.
The competition has become more intense and the expansion of the business has not progressed as expected.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views and seeks to be independent, objective and impartial, with no third party to draw conclusions.