Media depth report (002027) (for the first time) Building Plus Cinema builds the largest urban life media network in the country.
On April 23, 2018, the “Building Plus Cinema” created the country’s largest network of media outlets in urban life. The news media was born in 2003 when the company created the elevator media, which became the first in NASDA in the United States in 2005.
Liu Yunmin Ke's listed Chinese advertising and media company, returning to a share in 2015 with Shell's seven-key shares. The company's current main business is the development and operation of the media in the world of life, the main product of which is the building media and the cinema screen.
The company currently owns some 22.5 liurunming@dgzq.com.cn
There are about 1,145,000 self-employed framework print media; more than 1610 cinemas and over 10,600 screens covering a crowd of people in more than 290 cities throughout the country; and about 52,000 end-of-the-spot video media. The company has built the largest urban life media network in the country and has become a nation.
The company’s media industry has an overwhelming power over it, so it has an overwhelming power over it.
In recent years, the cinema media industry, which has gradually increased in size, has been ranked first in the industry, but still faces competition from front-line companies such as the Manda media, the Mandarin media, and the Chinese cinema marketing, resulting in a relatively low and declining rate of ownership of the cinema media.
From 2015 to 2017, the company’s Māori rate and net interest rate showed good performance, thanks to good control over media rental costs and rates. The advertising market was warm, and cinema video and elevator media were growing at a higher rate.
Information data, full-media advertising cases, after a decline in 2015 and 2016, recorded a positive increase of 4.3 per cent in 2017, with the highest rates (25.5 per cent), elevator television (20.4 per cent), elevator posters (18.8 per cent) and the Internet (12.4 per cent)
The advertising market (excluding the Internet) grew by 9.6% in January 2018, the highest in the same period in the last four years. The advertising revenues for cinema videos increased by the same amount: “500 cities, 5 million terminals, 500 million urban middle-income groups” opened up the space for growth.
President Jiang Namchun, at the 15th anniversary celebration of the mass media, said that in the future it would be necessary to reach at least 500 cities, 5 million terminals, and 500 million urban middle-income groups. We believe that in the context of the growing middle-class population and rising consumption in the country, branding will become more and more focused.
The demand for billboards is expected to remain buoyant, which will provide a good basis for companies to achieve their new development goals and open up more room for companies to grow. In yuan, the corresponding values are 19 times and 18 times, respectively.
In 2003, the company created the elevator media, which became the first Chinese advertising media company to be listed in NASDAQ in the United States in 2005 and loaned seven in 2015.
The company’s current main business is the development and operation of life-cycle media, the main products of which are building media (including building screen media and frame media), cinema screen advertising media and sales end-of-life video media, which cover the work scenes, living scenes, entertainment scenes, and consumption scenes of the city’s mainstream consumer population. As of June 2017
At the end of the day, the company has formed a life-cycle media network covering some 290 cities throughout the country, including some 225,000 self-employed building screens covering some 90 cities and areas throughout the country, some 11,000 allied building screens covering 31 cities and areas, and some 1,145 million self-employed framework media covering 48 cities across the country, with a framework for cooperation in outsourcing.
About 52,000, covering 59 cities; more than 1610 cinemas and more than 10.600 screens covering more than 290 cities across the country; and about 52,000 end-of-the-place video media, mainly in large stores such as Hua Yunan, Carrefour, Wal-Mart, and Plumbing, and nearly 2,000 supermarkets. The company built the largest urban life circle in the country.
Media networks have become the leading media groups in the country, ibs and o2o. Figure 1: Corporate media products.
In 2017, performance was good, and the return on investment contributed to a faster increase in net profits throughout the year. In the first three quarters of 2017, the company actually earned $8,730 million, an increase of 15.74 per cent, and net profit of $3,918 million, an increase of 24.45 per cent.
The corporate media consists mainly of both screen and frame print media. The building elevator is the city's infrastructure, and the building elevator, the most everyday living scene, represents four words: mainstream population, mandatory, high frequency, low interference.
Screen-based media audiences are concentrated in urban workmen representing China’s mainstream consumer capacity, and building screen media have fully infiltrated the fragmentation time of this group of audiences, reaching them with high frequency in high-resolution screens and combinations of audio and graphics, reinforcing the audience’s memory of the cards.
With regard to cinema media, the audio-visual effects of cinema closed, comfortable environments, visual impact and sound effects of shock satisfy the audience's audio-visual experience and attract the audience's eyes to make it more interested in viewing advertising. The company's model of collaboration with the cinema is to buy all or part of the pre-motion advertising.
In general, the company’s media business is strong, the courthouse’s media business has grown faster in recent years, and the number of cinemas contracted and screens covered has increased significantly.
The Internet, consumer goods and transport customers contribute a higher share of their income. Corporate media advertisers are concentrated in the Internet, consumer goods and transport industries, with Internet customers contributing more than 24% in 2015, 2016 and the first half of 2017, with consumer consumer consumers contributing more than continuously.
In the long run, companies have accumulated large, high-quality customers and have established long-term and stable partnerships with large, high-quality clients, including Ali, Tanteng, Kyouta, Bao.
The company’s main customers have a stronger flow demand and a more sustained expenditure on marketing costs. The company’s “mainstream” of media marketing, which is mandatory, high-frequency, low-disturbing, is able to better meet the client’s advertising needs.
The main items of the company’s operating costs include media rental costs, employee remuneration, depreciation of equipment, and other operating costs, with media rental costs accounting for the largest share of operating costs.
The large component, which accounted for more than 70% in 2015 and 2016. The Māori rate of corporate media operations has been more profitable and robust since the size of the business in 2015; and the cinema media, which have been gradually added in recent years, are still facing the 10,000-strong media, the crystal-mixed media, and the Chinese cinema marketing line.
Corporate competition has led to relatively low and declining Māori rates in cinema media. Overall, the company ' s Māori rates and net interest rates for the first three quarters of 2015 to 2017 are based on good control of media rental costs and rates. Figure 4: Corporate Māori performance by sector
3. The advertising market has been warming and the cinema video and elevator media have been growing at a higher rate. The overall advertising market recovered in 2017. According to ctr media intelligence data, the entire media advertising case was re-recorded with a positive growth rate of 4.3% in 2017, mainly due to 2017, after a decline in 2015 and 2016.
The number of traditional media advertisements (TV and radio) has risen, from 3.7 per cent in 2016 to 1.7 per cent in 2017, and the number of broadcast advertisements has increased for the second year in a row since the downfall in 2015 to 6.9 per cent in 2017. Videos, elevator media and Internet advertisements have increased at a higher rate.
The highest rate of increase in cinema video publication (25.5 per cent), elevator television (20.4 per cent), elevator posters (18.8 per cent) and the Internet (12.4 per cent) were also maintained at rates above double-digit rates, but in the four sub-areas the rate of increase was lower in 2017 than in 2016; the rate of increase in radio and television was higher than in 2016, at 6.9 per cent and 1.7 per cent, respectively; newspapers, magazines, magazines, etc.
The lower performance of traditional outdoors and traffic-type video magazines was negative, with the top five sectors in 2017, namely, telecommunications (23.0 per cent), computer and office automation products (55 per cent), beverages (20.5 per cent), recreation and leisure (16.0 per cent) and cosmetics/baskets (31.1 per cent), among which were mail.
The electricity, beverages, and entertainment industries have been growing for the second consecutive year. In 2017, elevator television advertisements cost the first 10 items, namely, Yoshin's second-hand car, Kyushu City, Skycat, Guaco's second-hand car, Kentucky, Mount Farmer's Spring, Monx, Jane I, Everyone's Car, and Gold Lit.
In 2017, the top five sectors of the elevator poster billboards were spent on telecommunications (5.7 per cent), commerce and services (31.5 per cent), transportation (-9.4 per cent), food (67.6 per cent) and computer and office automation products (-10.4 per cent), of which telecommunications, commerce and services, and food were growing for the second consecutive year.
In 2017, the top five sectors were transport (19.3 per cent), activities (6.9 per cent), and telecommunications.
The cost of video advertisements at cinemas in 2017 was rising for the first 10 years, with the exception of post and telecommunications.
In January 2018, the cost of cinema video and elevator media advertising continued to grow. According to the ctr media, the advertising market (excluding the Internet) grew by 9.6% in January 2018, the highest in the same period in the last four years. The traditional media grew by 8.2% compared to the previous month, and the main driving force behind the growth was the steady growth of television.
The cinema video sector has also seen a good increase in the rate of advertising, which has increased by 24.1 per cent over the year, and elevator television and elevator posters by 12.3 per cent, 19.3 per cent, respectively. 4. The future of the public: “500 cities, 5 million terminals, 500 million urban middle-income groups”.
On the occasion of the 15th anniversary of the mass media festival held on February 11, 2018, the head of the group, Jiang Namchun, pointed out that the crowd is now the largest elevator media group in the world, covering 1.5 million terminals in 150 cities and 200 million urban mainstream people per day. At the same time, Jiang Namchun set out a goal for the future of the mass media: to reach at least 500 in the future.
Cities, 5 million terminals, and 500 million urban middle-income groups. According to Jiang Namchun, in 2018, the mass media will complete the upgrading of the two-and-three-line city elevator media on the basis of a new wifi, ibeacon, facial recognition and applepay functionality.
Television real-time viewing systems, a combination of screen-based quantitative analysis systems, precision placement systems based on search for different building keywords, and a targeted placement system based on electricity-marketing records of different buildings. Help advertisers to convert users.
There is still some room for price increases in the elevator media over other media. In the larger context of growing middle-class groups and rising consumption, brand focus will grow and demand for brand advertising is expected to remain strong and will provide companies with opportunities to achieve new development goals.
A good basis, and to some extent an increased likelihood of realization, is the absolute advantage of the physical sector, where firms are expected to maintain a steady growth in their performance in 2018, and where the current valuation is more reasonable, figure 16: the company’s historical market-surplus level (ttm)
The company has the largest elevator media resources and the industry’s leading cinema advertising resources, creating the country’s largest network of live-circle marketing media. The overall warming of the advertising industry and the faster growth of the elevator and cinema media industries are expected to be included in the msciChinaa index for the first time, with a carefully recommended rating.
1. Increased competition in the market leads to increased costs;2 reduced government subsidies leads to a decline in other earnings, which affects profit performance;3 and reduced demand from advertising customers.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company's relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.