Performance-based “unicorns”, concerned about buyback opportunities, business efficiency and continued improvement, determined performance growth: thanks to the good development of elevator advertising and cinema advertising markets, the growth in corporate growth has increased in the last two years, and the rate of quarterly growth has risen to more than 20 per cent.
Business costs are effectively controlled, especially the highest rental costs, which increased by only 8.45 per cent throughout 2017, and the company ' s Māori rate continues to rise. We believe that the company has become the largest single-flow entrance below the line, and in the context of rising consumption, advertisers have placed advertisements on elevators and cinemas.
Will will be further expanded, especially in the case of advertisements flowing from television stations, company operations are expected to continue with mediamanagehong 2, the moat is growing wider: the company owns over 90 per cent of the market share of elevator video advertising, the framework
The market share of the konglimited ads is over 70% of the market, and the market share of the pre-screen ads is over 50%. Although the market is the highest in the company ' s electric ladder advertising media, there are 600,000 elevators in the country every year.
On the right or the left, high-speed urbanized commercial buildings and high-end neighborhoods are the ideal targets for elevator advertising; screens are growing at more than 20%, companies are able to penetrate the cinema media city more widely, companies have entered the overseas elevator advertising market, and the entire media resources of the company will be expanded.
The moat is growing wider. The price of company elevator advertising is increasing by about 15%, and the efficiency of advertising is increasing further before the screening, and the cost of advertising under the company’s flag is still greater than the cost of advertising on television and Internet video channels.
Distributive Media (002027): Increased efficiency, steady performance, two sales restrictions were imposed on 29th and 17th April 2017, albeit on a limited scale. At the same time, we believe that separate government subsidies are ongoing, mainly local recruitment.
Local tax returns of the nature of the investment, a typical cultural advertising company in the mass media, a non-polluted, light asset company, a large tax collection, the type of company in which the local government focuses on the investment, often not.
Fiscal subsidies are the more common form of recruitment, not once-in-a-kind subsidies. Profit predictions and valuations: companies are the absolute leader of the elevator advertising industry, upstream media resources are evaporated, industry pricing rights are in place, and business is growing steadily.
18 Maysan Road, Heung Fu, Anhui Province, China, and the Anhui International Finance Center, a national dollar security, are like the largest outdoor advertising company in the world, Pe (25 times) and a share in advertising by the De Gaulle Group.
The marketing company Pe (generally between 30 and 40), we believe that a reasonable level of distinction should be 30 times higher than the traditional outdoor advertising industry in which the De Gaulle Group operates, and that the promotion of elevators should be much more dynamic, with a higher degree of growth than the domestic share of advertising marketing companies.
One of the three main issues: performance growth, new competitors and lifting of the ban on sales 1.1 performance growth: business efficiency continues to improve, with a strong flagship: 12,014 million yuan in corporate revenue in 2017, a 17.63 per cent increase in year-on-year, and 22.95 per cent increase in year-on-year q4 receipts,
The growth rate in the same period in 2016 was 574 pcts higher, and in 2018, 2.96 billion yuan per q1 battalion, an increase of 22.28% over the same period in 2017, and 7.2 pcts higher than the increase in the same period in 2017, with a steady recovery in the single quarter of the past two years. Media rental costs increased by only 8.45% over the same period, with greater control over upstream costs.
Net profit after deduction: In 2017, the company sold part of its share in the crop of technology, which generated an investment return of about 680 million yuan, and the return on the fiscal subsidy of 736 million yuan, the net profit after deduction from the company was 4,852 million yuan, an increase of 33.6 per cent over the same period, and the reasons for the continued increase in operating efficiency:
Top-end receipts have increased exponentially: corporate frameworks and elevator television media resources have been expanding, with the future goal of “covering 500 cities, 5 million terminals and 500 million new middle-class products”, penetration into three or four-line cities and second-line suburbs has continued in recent years, and the company's elevator operations abroad have begun to land, and 20,000 elevator television resources were acquired in Korea in 2017 and are gradually entering Singapore.
And markets like Indonesia, where companies have price discretion in the elevator advertising market, can maintain price growth of around 15% per year. The growth of pre-motion advertising in previous years has been largely due to the expansion of screens, with pre-enactment advertising becoming increasingly recognized and well known by advertisers, leaving much room for future growth.
Cost-side control: upstream property fragmentation, relatively fixed leasing of elevator advertising media, business cost growth in recent years mainly due to the rapid growth in the number of cinema-based media, corporate operating costs as the pace of cinema-based media acquisition slowed later 1.2 competitors: newcomers have had minimal impact on company operations
In early 2018, the news media launched a “resource-and-customer” public relations campaign against the public, raising concerns in the market about the use of the “burn money” model to rob the vast majority of the building's resources, the exploitation of the “price war” to rob the crowd of its clients, and the return of shares in the public sector.
In our view, the “threat” of new-tide-type markets is minimal, the company has given priority to the bulk of the elevator's media resources and resources, the rental cost it paid to the upstream property in 2017 was 2,466 million yuan, and the cost of the other partners taking up the resources on a burning model was too high, with the new tide recovering only $200 million a year in 2017.
The probability of seizing clients’ resources is even smaller, the main reason for advertisers to choose the channel for advertising is the number and efficiency of users, the number of users covered by the public is unmatched by other partners, and advertising is becoming more efficient in the long run.
The development of the property cloud system helps advertisers to find well-positioned buildings for release; 100-degree cloud analysis allows consumers in the neighborhood to search for historical records; and, in cooperation with Ali, electrical cloud analysis, allows companies to choose how to buy the product, so that they can put it under the line.
The effect of advertising is that static frame advertising in elevators is better than dynamic little video advertising, that the user population stays in elevators for a few minutes, that it is more impressed with static frame advertising, and that small video windows are more effective with advertising in elevators.
Video commercials in the new tidal elevators, figure 4. 1.3 Restricted: massive lifting in December, short-term impact, long-term fear-free stock reduction: two sales restrictions since December 2015, when the crowd took the shell to the market.
Ten thousand shares, or 5.78% of total equity, are internal capital. Although both liftings are large, the reductions are both financial investors at the time of the build-up, profit reduction is normal in the market, in the form of large-scale transactions, institutionalization and new regulations for shareholders at the regulatory level.
According to the company’s response to the previous two pre- and post-sale-restriction price restrictions, the first month or so of the ban has seen the return of stock prices, and in the market, good company performance has been the basis and motivation for the recovery of the company’s stock prices. It is our belief that corporate values are likely to be recognized by investors in a context of stable performance and sustained growth in business efficiency.
The lifting of the ban’s major shareholder, Mediamanage, is a 100% private stock holding platform in Jiang Namchun, with little chance of a significant reduction in ownership. And the company has announced a stock buyback plan of up to $3 billion, with a repurchase price of up to $13, and the possibility that the repurchase could be used for employee equity incentives, highlighting the company’s management’s confidence in the company’s value.
Company 2 introduces the “unicorn” who returns to a share, known as the “unicorn” who dominates elevator advertising and the pre-advertisement market, 2.1 the “unicorn” who returns to a share of the “unicorn” in the national media listed overseas.
Founded in 2003, the company started with an elevator LCD rolling commercial at the Shanghai Commercial Building, a domestic elevator ad, the “noss” that received 40 million + investment from domestic and foreign investment agencies in 2004, landed in Nastadk in 2005, opened the capitalization path and acquired two major competitors in 2006 with capital advantages.
The company uses capital to integrate the market and become an absolute leader in domestic elevator advertising, with a market share of more than 70% for framework advertising, and a market share of more than 90% for elevator video advertising, but the value is not fully reflected in the US share.
Over 20 times, the value of the Unicorn is fully represented. 2.2 Main business: building advertising is stable and pre-screening advertising is increasing rapidly. Three major corporate business lines: company-owned business includes building media (elevator advertising), cinema media (pre-screening advertising) and
Market media (sale of commercials) with the largest share of elevator advertising, about 78 per cent in the last two years, close to $8 billion, and a stable Māori rate (about 75 per cent); pre-screening advertising has grown faster in recent years, and the Māori rate of elevator advertising has been rising steadily, and the Māori rate of pre-screening advertising will be warming in the later years: in 2017, the Māori rate of media operations in buildings was stable (about 75 per cent).
76.7 per cent of the Māori rate has risen over the past four consecutive years, with the overall increase in the elevator advertising business as measured by the current business growth in the company's main business, a relatively modest change in the cost of rental of the upstream advertising media, a year-on-year amortization of the fixed costs of the frame and video screens, a downward trend in operating costs and a steady increase in Māori rates, and a rapid increase in the pre-screening advertising business associated with the growth in the number of domestic screens.
The business cost of advertising has led to a decline in the Māori rate in the last two years, but the growth in the number of domestic screens will slow in the future, penetration rates will stabilize, the cost of leasing the media resources of individual cinemas will be fixed, the usage and unit prices of pre-filing advertisements will gradually increase, and the Māori rate of pre-screening advertisements is expected to rise.
Figure 7 The size and speed of the company ' s operations 2.3 Industrial chain of major business: decentralized upstream resources, low downstream client concentration, similar business patterns in elevator advertising and pre-screening major business, both of which rent media slots upstream (elevator)
The advertising spot is a building elevator, and this part of the resource is a property company; the pre-screening post is a screen screen, 10 minutes before the film is shown, and the group is a combination of intermediaries, bringing together the upper advertising resource for advertising by the advertiser.
Decentralization of upstream media advertising positions: relatively fragmented advertising resources for a wide range of property management companies and cinemas, with more than 100,000 property management companies currently operating in the country, with just 10 per cent of top 10 property management companies and 20 per cent of top 100 property management companies, with a relatively fragmented market as of 2017; 9169 cinemas in the country, silver
The number of cinemas owned by the top 10 projectors is 22.5%, and the number of individual cinemas or small-scale projectors is still larger. The change in upstream costs is small: start-up companies or companies with limited financial resources are more likely to face fragmented upstream media resources.
After many years of operation, the company has achieved coverage of major property management companies and projection companies, and the previous period of development of media advertising slot resources has passed. The company usually has a three-year cycle for signing media resources, with fixed rental costs and more fixed annual amortization costs, and rental costs are a major part of the company’s operating costs, which account for some of the company’s operating costs.
Seventy-five per cent of the cost, long-term relatively fixed rental costs, and the Māori rate for good companies. Low concentration of downstream customers, with companies predominantly advertising companies or direct advertisers, according to the company ' s annual report, the company ' s largest customer sales in 2017 amounted to $647 million, representing only 5.38 per cent of the company ' s sales, and the top five.
A total of 22.11 per cent of customers are sold, and companies are less dependent on a single customer. 2.4 Financial analysis: several key financial indicators show that the company's value is low, and the company is typical of the light asset company, 46.78 per cent in 2017.
The reason for the company’s higher deduction is the higher net profit margin, which, based on 2017 data, reduced the equity multiplier from 1.96 to the net profit margin, which has been good in recent years, and which is expected to continue.
The amount of money received in advance has been rising steadily, and the amount of money received in advance is mainly due to advertising fees advanced by advertisers to companies, and the increase in the company ' s operating income is indicative of a steady growth in corporate performance without a downturn. Cash flows were strong, with a closing cash balance of $3.914 billion as of 2017 and a cash balance of nearly three years exceeding that of the company.
3 elevator advertising: the moat is strong, has pricing rights, 3.1 work-life scenes are full coverage, super-large offline traffic entrances, elevator advertising is mainly in small areas with elevators and commercial buildings, covering two major consumer scenes.
The elevators, which, according to Nelson's data, cover more than 500 million people and are super-traffic entry points for offline work, have two main forms of advertising, one of which is a frame ad, which is mainly placed in the elevators, with individual electricity.
The ladders typically have three frames, divided into two, framework 1.0 (traditional) and framework 2.0 (digital posters, rolling) and an additional video advertisement for lcd, mainly at the entrance to the elevator. Consumers are relatively bored waiting for and travelling in the elevator, cellular signals are weak in the elevator, and elevator advertising is of greater interest.
Figure 17 Residential Elevator Advertisement, Figure 18 Work Commercial Building Advertisement for Elevator 3.2 Cavalry Rivers: The biggest elevator advertising media in the country
The company's largest moat is the huge elevator advertising media resources, which, in addition to a small amount of signed resources, amount to 1,211,000, and the lcd television screens (with frame 2.0 or digital posters) to 249,000, all of which are self-sufficient, with elevator advertising resources in absolute positions in the industry, and the lcd TV screens are mostly commercialized.
At the entrance to the building, because of the limited resources of the commercial building, the crowding is basically a one-size-fits-all situation, based on the company ' s published data of over 90 per cent of the city and an absolute advantage in the framework, with over 70 per cent of the city. According to our research, the inner frame of the elevators in the main commercial residences is open, while the other competitor installs a small home.
Figure 20 Annual increase in elevator advertising resources 3.3 Porter Five Power Modifiers: Prices are in hand, competitors are out of reach. First, upstream property concentration is low, downstream customers are scattered, companies are in charge of pricing
As we have analysed in Part 1, the upper-air elevator advertising industry has over 100,000 property companies, with only around 19 per cent market ownership by 100-strong property companies, is a highly dispersed industry, with companies and property companies generally contracting for about three years, with less change in lease costs for the duration of the lease contract, and a higher rate of renewal after lease expiration, as a result of peer elevator advertising.
The small size of the company and the lack of advantages in rental prices, coupled with managerial advantages and advertisers’ advantages, have a greater voice in the upstream public sector. Downstream customers are mainly direct advertisers or advertising companies, and advertisers theoretically have no clear ceilings, and are multi-practice.
Industry distribution, low concentration, is also reflected in the company ' s published annual reports, with the largest clients accounting for only about 5% of total company sales, and the top five clients accounting for about 20% of total sales, which is stable, while the top five clients ' total sales are rising steadily, reflecting the downstream client ' s agreement to split elevator advertising.
Second, there is a pattern of competition in the industry: according to Nelson's research data and the public statements of President Jiang Namchun, in terms of the coverage of the core building.
People are the absolute first, followed by Chinese-language media, visual media, city-wide, or new-day media. In terms of coverage of advertising media, the individualized framework of 1.0 amounts to 1286,000 pieces, which are unmatched by other competitors, and 52,000 pieces of the contract framework, which leads the way in terms of coverage.
In addition, video and television are far ahead of each other, and the number of other competitors is not at the same level; In terms of advertising resources, the widely divided media are better placed, for example, in video and television advertisements at elevator entrances.
(a) The position is often in the middle, while the position of other competitors is “marginalized”;
The video media are new media, looking at the competitive patterns of elevator advertising in terms of financial data.
In 2016, the distribution media received 50 times the size of the Chinese-language or city-wide media, the latter two of which are second and third in the elevator advertising industry; as pioneers in the industry, front-cost inputs have been amortized and pricing advantages have played an important role in the company ' s Maori ratio.
The amount of advertising media resources of companies in the industry is measured by operating costs, which can be taken as a reference for depreciation costs that are included in the operating costs, mainly the depreciation costs of the own frame and elevator video terminal, which indirectly reflect the size of the individual advertising media resources of companies in the industry; the depreciation amortization ratio refers to data from the public for almost five years (approximately 4 to 9 per cent), which can be used as a reference.
Third, potential competitors have high entry thresholds: 1) access to quality goods advertising media is difficult, and new entrants enter elevators only on the condition that they sign with their property companies.
The relevant lease contracts, but most of the high-quality buildings and elevators are leased, usually for about three years, and are usually exclusive, or for the rental of elevator advertising media. 2) The previous investment was high, for example, in the new elevator entrants media, where companies financed more than $4 billion, mainly for renting.
As of the first half of 2017, the company had lost $57.95 million. According to our grass-roots research, the use of the new elevator was low.
(c) Newcomers have limited room for endogenous growth, the combined share is still less numerous, newcomers require more money to enter and develop, and it is difficult to counterbalance the development of media resources through their own contracting industries.
In view of the current market pattern, the crowds occupy more than 70 per cent of the market share, the remaining competitors are integrated into a four-point, potential competitive analysis scenario is irreplaceable, and the biggest difference between elevator advertising and other advertising is “passive” advertising in a closed environment.
The elevator is an essential part of the consumer’s work and life, and it will not change as the consumer’s recreational consumption patterns change. Ctr’s publication cost increases in recent years, with elevator advertising (including elevator TV and elevator posters), cinema video, and Internet advertising being the rare positive growth in advertising, with elevator advertising increasing rapidly.
The price of Internet advertising has increased, and elevator advertising has not diminished with the advent of a mobile Internet era. 4 more widths have deepened elevator advertising moats: the penetration rate has increased continuously, and 4.1 floor resources per year continue to penetrate: elevator holdings have continued to rise to three or four lines of cities.
In 2016, according to the National Quality Control Service, the size of the elevators was 4.94 million, an increase of about 680,000 in that year, an increase of about a record high. According to the current annual rate of elevator growth, in 2017, the number of elevators in the country was over 5 million.
The increase in the number of high-profile dwellings, the expected increase in elevator holdings, the number of vehicles available for elevator advertising, the penetration rate of elevator advertising is only around 30 per cent, and, based on the number of media resources of existing elevator advertising companies, the number of elevator advertisements in separate media + Chinese + city-wide + city-wide + new-tidal media covers about 1.2 to 1.5 million elevators, accounting for the National Elevator Security.
The number of new elevators now stands at 600,000 to the left and the number of new elevators each year, and the market for penetration by the mass media is still larger.
Elevator ads are sinking to three or four-line cities. 1) Three or four-line city residents have increased their consumption capacity and willingness, and as the income of three or four-line city residents rises, people are willing to increase their consumption. Using Nelson's consumption readiness data, the first-line city is ahead, but three or four-line cities are ahead.
The city’s willingness to consume has risen faster, or even more, than in second-line cities. The increase in the will to consume in three or four-line cities is due to the downing of advertising. 2) At this stage, advertising for elevators on three or four-line cities has been low, with the current distribution of elevator video resources, with 24% of the total number of first-line cities (in the north) and 63% of the total number of second-line cities.
The number of three-line cities is only 13%; most of the media resources for elevator videos are concentrated in two-line cities, three-line commercial buildings and high-end housing. But, as living standards rise and urbanization rise, elevator resources in three-line cities will grow, even in commercial buildings and high-end residential elevators.
3) Advertisers intend to infiltrate three or four-line cities, where consumers on three or four lines and below are the “Blue Sea Market” that companies dream of. The push-and-pull banners of 3c products and the film “Brush-and-paint” all reflect the concerns of companies with regard to the “3 or 4” and the urban consumer groups, where advertisers are willing to advertise, and the “Goldmaster” has the need to do so.
Elevator advertising is not justified as “absent.” Reference is made to data on outdoor advertising in the Gulf Sea today, 2016, and the rate of arrival in three or four-line cities, although not high in two-line cities, has increased significantly, from 45 per cent in 2013 to 68 per cent in 2016, the difference between the two-line cities
According to data from our survey, 15-second annual prices are measured for the year 2018, covering 81 major cities across the country. The results show 15 seconds.
The average composite rate of growth of the published price was about 14 per cent, with a wide and deep increase of 17 per cent in the north of the first line of cities, up to $598 per week per year. By January 2018, the regular price of the framework 1.0 had risen to $1.280 per week, with a 14.5 per cent increase in the combined rate of the published price.
Cpm: Elevator advertising is more expensive than TV: TV audience saturated for long periods of time, TV cpm rises, starting with a set of historical data, and Ctr in 2005 did an excessive elevator screen comparison with the cpm survey of television stations.
In both the first and second-line cities, the number of block elevator screen advertisements is much lower than the amount of cpm advertised by local television stations. For example, the number of stand-alone elevator screens is $71 and only 44% of the number of local TV advertisements (the number of local TV spots is $162).
The television commercial cpm is on the rise: television viewers are now stable at about 1,285 million, and the base has infiltrated the entire population, but there has been a steady decline in the length of per capita viewing, which, according to the Chinese television viewing yearbook, fell to 152 minutes per year in 2016, a decline of 2.56 per cent over a seven-year period.
On the other hand, there is a sharp polarization in television, where front-line advertising accounts for more than 80% of the country’s watch advertising revenues, and where advertisers choose to concentrate their channels on the front-line advertising. But front-line advertising is still on the rise to view the highest provincial watch on Human Settlements 730.
The price of the annual magazine rose to $80,000, with a composite growth rate of about 12%, which is not so different from that of the popular media (14%). Television viewers reached the top, their ratings fell long, and the prices of the main television advertising platform (one-line security) rose, which led to an increase in cpm.
According to our calculations, the elevator advertising in the public media was largely consistent with 2005, and the number of self-contained frameworks in the advertising media increased in 2007 was 18,460,000, up to the first half of 2017.
114.5,000, with a composite growth rate of 20 per cent, the increase in the number of frames has allowed for a steady increase in the number of elevator advertising audiences; while the company ' s annual rate of publication prices has increased by 14 per cent, the rate of growth has been lower than the rate of growth in the number of frames, the molecular growth has been slightly lower than the denominator, and the number of elevator advertising cpm has changed less.
In contrast to Internet video platform advertising: the number of elevators advertising cpm is significantly lower, and the number of pre-screens (pc+mobile+ott) cpm in 2017 is 120 dollars, the number of cities in focus is 65 dollars, and the number of ads in Aichi culture is 130 dollars in Beijing/Shanghai and 70-90 dollars in focus cities.
And according to our theory above, the number of cpms in the first line of cities is about 60-70, and Jiang Namchun revealed in the annual exchange in 2017 that the total cost of cpm was around $20, but mobile Internet was 20-50, with a clear advantage of the total.
Cpm, compared to TV commercials and Internet video spots, shows that elevator advertising in the public media is more expensive, that the audience on television is growing slowly, watching is falling, that mainstream television advertising revenue is increasing its regular prices, directly pushing television advertising up the cpm, and that in the public elevator screen advertising is stabilizing, with a certain price relative to television advertising.
Advantages; Internet video spots have higher cpm than elevator TV, and they are the absolute leader of the elevator advertising market, holding the elevator as a huge offline flow entrance and pricing power for elevator advertising.
5.1 The market is an oligarchic competition, and the pre-motion advertising is an oligarchic competition, due mainly to the fragmentation of upstream cinema resources and the higher level of forward investment by newcomers in media advertising positions, and partly to the difficulty of advertising vendors and media resources.
Few newcomers are able to keep up with advertising, and most of the country’s frontline companies do not make their own pre-screening advertisements. The market is now four major competitors, including crowds, crystals, fashion and musical media. According to the company’s 2017 cinema media, the company covered 1610 cinemas in 2017, covering a screen of 11,680 pieces.
The number of cinemas and the proportion of screens is 22 per cent and 24 per cent, respectively; Ye Eun's data show that the coverage of the company's 2015 cinema is 19.7 per cent, and its screen coverage is 26.3 per cent, but that its pre-screen advertising revenue accounts for 55 per cent of the total market revenue, and that the absolute market is the first, suggesting that the company's advertising vendor is more competent and has a higher advertising presence than its peers.
With the rapid increase in the number of domestic screens, media resources for pre-screening have increased to unprecedented levels, while advertising owners ' awareness of pre-motion advertising has increased, and the market space for pre-screening advertising is expected to improve.
5.2 The number of screens and the number of viewers has continued to grow, with the pre-screening advertising market being large, amounting to 50776, an increase of 23% over 2016. The continued expansion of upstream media resources is the basis for the pre-screening advertising market growth, with the larger the cinema coverage, the greater the number of people reached and the greater the role of the underline flow portal.
The number of screens that can be permeable in the future as industry leaders is increasing. Industry end-users (the viewers) have grown steadily, reaching 1.62 billion in 2017, with a country-wide per capita viewing out of 1.17, an increase of 17% over 2016.
The number of screens continues to grow, the number of viewers continues to rise, and the combination of the two forms the basis for the continued growth in the flow of advertising. The pre-screening has the highest interest in advertising, with the least impact on mobile phone interference, and from the point of view of the advertiser, it is hoped that the advertising channel will be launched.
With the least interference, the audience's attention is drawn to the advertising itself. The pre-enactment ads have a 96% interest in the pre-enactment, a 44% active viewing option, and only 4% of the people are willing to give in, and the advertising is even more sensitive than the elevator video and poster ads.
The market space for pre-screening advertisements depends on the will of the advertisers, and the decision point for such advertising depends on the impact of the advertising and the number of audiences; the pre-screening advertising is more focused than other types of advertising, and the advertising will be more effective.
With the increasing number of screens and the growing number of viewers in the country, the coverage and arrival rate of pre-screening advertisements will gradually increase, and together with the above-mentioned logic, we remain optimistic about the pre-screening advertising market.
The sale of stockholdings resulted in an investment return of about 680 million, representing about 9.4 per cent of total annual profits in 2017, which had a positive impact on net profits throughout the year. According to the company’s performance report, operating profits increased by 35.31 per cent on a year-on-year basis after the company excluded this share of investment earnings and other government benefits, and the company managed the cost.
An increase of 17.7 per cent in year-on-year revenue is now fully indicative of the inherent strength of the company’s business.The company may in the future form a larger investment return: normally, the company’s large investment return comes mainly from two sources, and 1) the return on investment resulting from the disposal of available financial assets, as of 2017, the company’s head.
The book value of the financial assets previously held for sale amounts to 2,069 million yuan, of which the larger assets include one technology ($360 million), heroic sports ($300 million), which are of higher quality; and two) the disposal of long-term equity investments of billions of dollars, three platform second shoots under the flag, little curry show, one live broadcast of the industry bomb, the first shareholder being Sina Weibo.
Data show that companies have ipo plans; 2) Tianjin Quantities Sports (Hero Sports), valued at $3.64 billion in 2016, with Asia ' s largest electric competition ecological operator, leading a domestic electric competition firm, relying on the country ' s huge electric competition, blue sea for future valuations; 3) Snack technology, Internet finance platform, with latte books and latte brands under the banner.
In December 2017, after the Replenishment of Noah, Redwood, and Shinto, it was valued at $1.55 billion. The return on investment was part of unsustainable income, and a larger investment was made after the company sold several pieces of technology in 2017.
Tens of thousands of dollars, mainly the investment returns of associated companies. We predict that the company will have less return on its investments in the coming years, but we do not exclude the possibility of large investment returns from the sale of assets under its flag. 6.2 Government subsidies: hundreds of millions of dollars a year, sustainable.
The size of government subsidies received by companies is on the rise. Despite a certain decline in government subsidies in 2017, we believe that government subsidies are ongoing, mainly local tax returns of the nature of local procurement, and that the mass media are typical of cultural advertising.
Companies, non-polluted and small-asset companies, with large tax contributions, are the type of companies where local governments focus on attracting investment, and financial subsidies are more common than once. Foreign valuation: because elevator advertising is a form of advertising by domestic firms, there is no equivalent abroad, and the sea is chosen.
Outdoor advertising companies, for example, took the example of the world’s largest outdoor advertising company, the Delgado Group, which collected €3.40 billion in 2017, approximately €22.8 billion, about 10 billion more than the size of the branch media in 2017, but whose net profit was only 200 million euros, or 1.5 billion yuan, which was only a quarter of the total.
(ttm) 20 times, but the traditional outdoor advertising industry is growing at a limited rate, in mature markets, outdoor advertising access, low thresholds, market fragmentation, strong competition in the industry, and low levels of Maori. The separate media as the domestic elevator advertising market is an absolute leader, upstream resources are almost monopolized, industries have pricing rights, and companies are leading the advertising market before the screening.
The value level is supposed to be higher than that of the De Gaulle Group. Domestic industry companies value: we believe that the location of the public media should be “advertisement marketing companies plus conduits”, with no match in the market for a share, because the client groups of the public and domestic advertising agents or marketing companies are:
Consistently, the ultimate goal is to market advertising, from which point of view we take into account the level of a-share-marketing companies' valuations, the Blue Curves of Advertising Marketing and the main companies, the PETm, 70 times, 38 times, and 35 times, respectively, the channel status of the public media in the advertising industry, which has a greater “additional share” in the company's valuation.
The company is the absolute leader of the elevator advertising industry, with upstream media resources forming a monopoly penetration and industry pricing power; the industry is growing steadily, the elevator advertising business has some room to raise prices every year, and we expect advertising to be able to do so for the next two years.
As a result of the expansion, single-room advertising is currently at a low level, and we predict a 30-per-cent increase in pre-screening advertising; the largest outdoor advertising company in the world, the De Gaulle Group, is 25 times more than pe, a share of which is generally in the range of 30-40, with the elevator advertising industry in general relative to the traditional outdoor advertising industry in which the De Gaulle Group operates.
A higher growth, with a better distribution than a domestic share of advertising and marketing companies, combined with a company's elevator wide margin, gives a “buy-in” rating.