q4 R & D costs are slowing up profits and orders are increasing the basis for future performance.
The company's recent annual report, 2019, achieved revenue of 830452 million yuan a year, an increase of 13.74 per cent, while engineering operations and real estate continued to grow faster.
Other businesses achieved operating income of 718.57 yuan, an increase of 11.22 per cent over the same year.
Quarterlyly, the company achieved business income of 269.995 billion yuan in q4, an increase of 12.01 per cent in the same year and a net gain of $5.508 billion, a decrease of 3.10 per cent in the same year. The increase in q4 income and the decline in net profits was mainly due to an increase in R&D costs of about 4 billion dollars, or 386 per cent, over the same period the previous year.
The decline in real estate and industrial Māori production has dragged down the overall Māori rate.
During the reporting period, the combined Māori rate for companies reached 9.64 per cent (-0.14 ptt), with a ratio of 7.46 per cent (+0.19 pt) of Māori in engineering contracting and 7.46 per cent (+0.19 pt) in the first half of the year; 32.06 per cent (-2.06 pt) in surveying design consulting; and gross industrial manufacturing.
The rate reached 12.15% (+0.67pd), the rate of Māori in engineering operations remained stable and the rate of Māori in real estate and industrial manufacturing fell.
(601186): Disbursing or pulling out of the market is mainly due to the significant increase in the value of newly signed contracts due to increased investment in business ventures; management cost rate of 2.19 per cent (-0.17 pct); financial cost rate of 0.44 per cent (-0.32 pct), mainly due to a decrease in interest-bearing liabilities compared with the beginning of the year;
New contracts have continued to grow with an increase of 106.76 per cent in overseas contracts, representing an increase of 39.69 per cent, or 0.72 per cent of the total number of new contracts. The main reason for the higher increase in the value of new real estate contracts compared to the previous year is that the sales performance has improved considerably as a result of the group ' s shift in development thinking, enhanced marketing management, and the classification of policies to de-invent stocks.
In December, the company announced its intention to separate the equipment operations under the flag from the iron construction industry to the ground floor, and, when it was completed, from the point of view of performance, the development and innovation of the iron construction industry will be further accelerated, and the growth of its performance will be reflected in the company's consolidation.
In terms of corporate performance, which in turn enhances the profitability and soundness of the company; in terms of value discovery, the full release of the intrinsic value of the iron-reclamation works has been facilitated and the company's holdings of the iron-reclamation workers are expected to increase further, and liquidity will improve significantly; and in terms of structural optimization, the dismantling of the iron-reclamation works has helped to further broaden access to finance and increase access to markets.
Corporate overall financing efficiency, reducing the overall asset-liability ratio, and increasing corporate overall power. As the state’s reforms deepen, we have observed an accelerated trend in capital operations, followed by a reduction in leverage through debt-to-equity swaps, and China’s debt-to-equity program of 11 billion yuan in iron construction during the same period.
China has already completed a debt swap of about $11.7 billion; another priority is to split up the market, iron and steel construction, heavy construction only started, and subsequent business blocks such as iron and equipment will not preclude further segmentation;
The Ministry, in our view, both sound capital investment policies and segmentation, as well as the continuing deepening of State-owned reforms, are conducive to higher corporate valuations, reiterating the “buy-in” rating.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.