Shinjiyama testimony, Ji Fei Beast (300122.sz)
Recovering high growth in performance in the second quarter and achieving rapid release of autonomous and proxy products
38.80 per cent; net profits attributable to the parent company of 1,505 million yuan, an increase of 31.18 per cent over the same period; high growth in performance in the second quarter; rapid release of autonomous and proxy products.
58.79 per cent, 53.23 per cent. By sub-product, the autonomous product acyw 135 sugars, ac-combined and hib vaccines are issued in 17,943,000, 1.46.7 million and 11.138 million, respectively, with an enhanced pre-loading of acyw 135 sugars, ac-combined and hib-combined vaccines currently split.
22, 27 and 23 provincial units; new national recombinant nodule bacterium amalgamation protein (ec, nodule infection diagnosis) was marketed at the end of April and has now been successfully accessed Hainan and Jiang Basic data: 30 June 2020
Two provinces in the west, ready for the future. Agent Hpv, Hpv, Hpv, HfPv, DVVV, 3.6644 million doses of viral vaccines, 2.1598 million doses, 2.1699 million boosters, and a new crown vaccine are leading the country in the future. It is worth looking forward to it.
Vaccines are one of the most effective means of ending the epidemic. Global research and development is accelerating.
It's worth looking forward to the company's considerable profits.
Research and development investment continues to grow and multiple projects are progressing well. The company continues to increase research and development investment on the 7th floor of the 2020 \triangleright Intercentre.
In the first half of the year, 37.03% more than in the same year. The company now has 28 autonomous research and development projects, and several Shanxi Securities Company Ltd. are doing well: the cow branch bacterium vaccine (used by the tuberculosis infected population) is now on the market.
For the world's leading product, the market outlook is huge; four-priced influenza virus fission vaccine, rabies vaccine (mrc-5 cells) and so on are now in clinical iii;
Vaccines have also been licensed for clinical research. Companies are well-developed, well-structured, and the market position for autonomous products will continue to improve.
Risks to drug safety; industry policy risk; risk of underdevelopment; risk of under-sales; attitude of the \triangleright industry, independent and objective presentation of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The person undertakes not to use the information available in his or her identity, location and practice for his or her own personal gain or for that of another person.