Ji-fui Bien (300122) company review report, q2 back to high growth on August 03, 2020, with the new crown vaccine taking the lead.
..the semi-annual review of Ji Fei Bian 2020.q2 performance is returning to rapid growth. Autonomous + proximate double-wheel drive q2 companies achieved revenues of $4.359 billion (+58.79%) and net return to their mothers $988 million
In the first half of the year, the company’s 9-priced Hpv vaccine was also optimized for profit, following a number of pipeline projects.
The company currently has 28 autonomous research and development projects, of which 16 are in the clinical phase, and the cow score is currently being evaluated: the impact of the epidemic is limited and the tuberculosis product is expected to land.
It's a powerful guarantee that the company will grow over the long term, and the new product will open the market in an orderly fashion, and the new crown vaccine will enter the clinical stage.
The company is now actively promoting market access for the diagnosing reagents of nodules, and has managed to gain access to Hainan.
Vaccines and prefilled Hib have been awarded 22, 27 and 23 provincial units, respectively, product structure one, new recombined coronary virus vaccine is now in its clinical stage ii, clinical progress is at the forefront, and recombinant protein vaccine is technologically stable, capable of being expanded and promising.
We expect the company, Liu Hye Min, to be able to find a new vaccine without considering the revenue contribution of the new vaccine.
There are uncertainties in the development and listing of new products: the risk of product safety: and the risk of a renewal of the msd.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.