Quick release of listed products - mid-2020.
The growth rate of revenue has remained high, and the overall Māori rate has declined by 28.58 per cent over the same period. In a single quarter, 2020q2, the company achieved $4.359 billion in revenue, or 58.79 per cent over the same period; the net return to the mother was $988 million, or 53.23 per cent over the same period;
Cost rates are well controlled. During the reporting period, companies continued to increase their R & D investment to strengthen core competitiveness, with R & D costs for 2020h1 reaching $140 million, an increase of 37.03%.
Autonomous products continue to be optimized, agent products remain fast-discharged Income structure (2019y) Autonomous products in which ac-hib vaccines have been discontinued due to lack of re-registers,
To reduce the impact of the closure of the ac-hib vaccine, and to enhance competitiveness, companies continue to optimize existing autonomous products. To date, corporate-owned vaccine products have been upgraded to pre-enhanced and market access has been achieved by pre-loading acyw 135 more sugar vaccine.
Ac-combined vaccines, pre-filled heb-combined vaccines have been distributed to 22, 27, 23 provincial units, of which 1,794,300, 111,138,000 and proxy products were issued in the first half of the year with four, nine-price hpv and rotational virus vaccines, respectively.
For 3,664,400, 2,598 and 2,169.9 million, an increase of 29.80 per cent, 83.13 per cent and 24.66 per cent over the same period, the volume of agency issuances continued to grow at a rapid rate, with a steady increase in performance, and the new crown vaccine is expected to increase performance during the harvest period of the self-research product.
Since its inception, companies have consistently focused on R & D and technological innovation, and have continuously increased their investment in R & D, which has also provided the basis for their sustainable development. A total of 28 autonomous R & D projects were developed during the reporting period, of which 16 were registered.
During the harvest period, the company ' s reorganisation of bacterium tuberculosis amalgamation protein (ec) was registered in April 2020, and the company is actively promoting its market access, and to date the product has successfully entered the two provinces of Hainan and Jiangxi. In addition, the cow branch bacterium vaccine (tuberculosis) has been introduced.
Clinical and production site verifications have been completed and are in the process of being marketed for approval in the course of the year. Both are new drugs of the national type, and are the world’s leading products, with greater market prospects, and will therefore become the company’s core growth point in recent years.
In addition, the company has a number of heavy-pound products in the pipeline, including a 15-priced pneumococcal combination vaccine, which has now completed the i-clinic phase, with a global sales of $6 billion, and is expected to further improve its performance in the future.
With regard to the new coronary vaccine, as the global epidemic is still in its outbreak phase, and in order to further restructure the new coronary virus vaccine, the vaccine is now in clinical ii trials and has completed patient grouping in the first echelon.
Once research and development succeeds, taking into account the huge global need for vaccinations, it will generate substantial profits for companies. The risks of changes in industry’s regulatory policies; the risks associated with product diffusion; and the risks associated with product R&D.
The expected risks: market competition increases the risks: the risk of an epidemic increases. The dynamics are 95 and 73 times higher, respectively. We believe that the company’s performance as a highly powerful vaccine supplier will be expected to benefit from the rapid development of the vaccine industry in our country.
In addition, the development of a new vaccine is expected to further increase the company’s performance. Given the increasing use of corporate agency products and the growing abundance of autonomous product lines, we look forward to the company’s future development and maintain an “uptake” rating.
Summary statement of gains and losses and projections (in millions of yuan)
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion contained in the present report, and the company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.