Food and beverages of the present world (603369) Breaking through out of the province, 10 billion miles of journey clear, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
• Recommended logic: 1. Benefiting from consumer upgrading, increased brand awareness, the widespread concept of “less drinking, good drinking”, the spread of high-end and sub-high-end markets, and the sudden competitive advantage of corporate brands and channels in Jiangsu Province, which will fully benefit from the expansion of dividends in the industry. 2; corporate brands, products, and channels are comprehensive.
In addition, the profits from the competition are increasing the power of the terminal and the growth is strong.
The extra-provincial strategy of “neighbour radiation, priority breakthroughs” is expanding and growing, with better market layouts and growing space: the three battles of “v is fighting, rises, rises in the world” are constantly being pursued, such as fire, equity incentives are in place, business is growing, and positive out-of-the-post growth is generating significant increases.
As a result of the strong growth of firms, “volume-high” growth has led to a sustained release of firm elasticity in performance. The sector’s Matthew effect has been evident, and the share of white wine continues to rise.
The above-mentioned level of per capita income has led the country to an increase in the consumption of wine, with more than 50% of medium- and low-end consumption remaining in the province, with still wide scope for upgrading, with two top brands in the province fully benefiting from structural upgrades and concentration of shares – steady growth and expansion. Companies achieve three dimensions of branding, product, and channel.
At the end of the brand: the world is rich in the genetics of wine, it's high in branding, it's deep in culture, it's high in branding, it's high in branding, it's high in branding, it's high in branding. At the end of the product: the company's new production, it's strong in breeding, it's focused on the development and promotion of new products like national v3, the product line is widening and the price belt is full.
At the end of the channel: constantly filling up the short slabs in the province, including in the south of the country, and continuing to push down the sunk stubble channels; expanding the market coverage outside the province and actively expanding the growth space; raising prices, tightening the market order, effectively stimulating the dynamism of the channel, with a significant increase in the end thrust.
Future path: Industry build-up plus equity incentives, long-term growth incentives. 1 and Jiangsu market sub-higher prices continue to expand, company-based, world-series precision card-posted sub-high core consumer price belts, consistent with rising consumption trends in business and feasts, and the dynamic layout of core items such as v3 and d20 will benefit the economy as much as possible.
Sub-high-end expansion dividend. 2 Independent division of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Ministry of State v, Ministry of State, Ministry of State Establishment, etc., with branding, sub-products, subregional independence, more detailed incentives and more focused branding; v highlights the strategic position of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of State v, etc., and the continued optimization and growth of the product structure.
Incentive schemes, with a changed equity incentive that is more targeted and more expensive, fully reflect firm corporate confidence in future development, a high degree of convergence of management and shareholder interests, incentives in place, a strong long-term development drive, company growth and certainty, and a promising outlook.
This is the end of the world (603369): Ten billion journeys are clear, right, companies focus on the top and the sub-high, incentives are strong, performance elasticity will continue to be released, the end of the world (603369): the product structure will continue to upgrade.
Country v3 has stabilized 600 bits and is gradually entering the incremental phase, which will continue to drive the upgrading of the product structure; the country has a strong competitive advantage in the 400-500 bits in the province, and the company has set up a strategy for the expansion of the market with an extra-provincial focus on national boundaries, and the growth space continues to expand; and the high increase in the country v3, 4 has led to a double increase in the volume of the product in the TT + category.
2. The strength of the growth of national bonds, which have a strong competitive advantage within the province, will provide the dividends of 300 yuan worth of market expansion and concentration; in addition, the firm has been actively developing core monoliths, such as d20 of the present world, and will continue to contribute to the upgrading of the structure of the present world series, which will lead to the volume of taa products.
3) The company ' s continued promotion of the branding of the world ' s future, the opening of the high ravine brand, and the expectation that other products 2022 - 2024 will continue to contribute to the structural upgrading of the product structure and to the orderly development of new products and the continuation of the company ' s growth dynamic in 2022; this will be accompanied by continued growth in the size of the company, upgrading of the product structure and continuous improvement in its management efficiency, the company ' s Māori ratio will continue to improve, and the company ' s overall Māori ratio will continue to improve.
Our view is different from that of the market: 1) the provincial market channels are well laid, the incremental market is limited, and there is insufficient room for growth; 2) the out-of-provincial market is poorly distributed.
In our view: 1) Despite the completion of market layouts in the province of the company, there are still more weak markets in the province of Nessu, Central Sudan;
Relatively low; the market capacity of Jiang Su-bhai is close to $50 billion and remains open. 2) The core competition brands in the province are increasingly focused on over $600, and the company's branding and channel power in the 300-500 high-end mainstream consumer price belt has a strong competitive advantage, starting with a solid base plate that has formed the structural upgrading of the company's products; in addition, the company's dynamic layout fosters the nationhood.
v. The 600-7000 price belt in the province of the state v3 kabi, which effectively covers the upgrading of commercial consumption and the scope for optimizing the product structure. 3) The result of the weak performance outside the province is that the company does not invest enough resources because of its multi-brand, multi-line layouts outside the province.
And companies will make strategic trade-offs, focus more on core products, core regions, pool their efforts to build model markets and replicate scaling-up periods, with a significant increase in channel dynamics, strong incentives and extra-provincial expansion as multipolar drivers of corporate growth, and corporate performance elasticity will continue to be released.
1) high-end white wine batch price up; 2) sustained recovery of economic and consumer confidence and higher-than-expected sales; 1) repeated risk of a new crown epidemic; 2) risk of a sharp economic downturn; 3) market openings or less than expected; 1 Sioux wine, an example of fragrance
As an important component of Jiangsu's famous "The Three Trenchs" , the history of this world is long. The former high ginseng is a brand called "China Old" : high gins and wine made in Ming Qing, and it is known as "The High Quuine is the first family in the southeast."
White wine is the second most important example of a strong white wine. To date, the company has three major brands of high ravine, present-day, and national origin, and has continued to strengthen its cultural soft power, building on the natural advantages of “culture by culture” and working to shape the most influential cultural objects.
1.1 Sioux old-fashioned wines, the first phase (1949-1995): the quality of the fragrance model is multiplied and reform lags behind the mud. The factory of the ravine was established in 1949 at the fourth national review conference in 1984, when the high-grow special was awarded the second place in the country's fragrance white wine.
In 1995, the High Trench speciality was identified by the National Technical Supervisory Authority as the national standard for the physical use of fragrance-style wine, with a strong branding power that created a higher brand profile and high-quality reputation for companies. In the early 1990s, operations deteriorated significantly, owing to industry adjustments, the ageing of their own brands, and delays in re-engineering.
Phase II (1996-2012): Searching for a way out and actively changing it quickly and rapidly. In 1996, the “Fate of the present” brand was created to market culture around “Culture of the world” and to actively develop new products along that line; in 2004, the “Friends of the Nation” brand was launched as a cultural marketing starting point to attract opinion leaders for political and commercial consumption.
In 2011, the company as a whole changed into a stock company. The production of trio consumption, "Standard Driving" and other forms of consumption have caused a severe setback in the white industry, which has suffered from a severe decline in medium- and high-level consumption.
In addition, in response to the rising trend of public consumption, the company focused on the wedding market, with a "happy, the world" as its main line, phase four (2016-present): the multi-dimensional forces of change are building up, and the opportunities are being pursued.
The white industry is characterized by structural prosperity, and the world is keen to achieve high growth as a result of the recovery of the industry. In terms of product structure, the company focuses on a higher-country product structure, a higher-level product-consumption mainstream price range, in line with consumption patterns, and upgrades: the introduction of brand image products such as v9, actively shaping high-end brand images, and increasing the company’s brand power;
Channel structure, removal of marketing centres, flattening of marketing systems; channel model, introduction of “price-control benefits” and improved channel control: active market expansion around Jiangsu, focusing on long-triangular markets and expanding growth space on the market layout. Figure 2: Status of the company's development at all stages
In addition, the company has granted a number of equity incentives to core employees, giving them incentives to put in place and to operate robustly. On 1 August 2022, a new version of the equity incentive scheme was announced, with changed equity incentives evaluating higher targets and higher prices for mobility.
As of 2022h1, the company actually controls the people’s government in the county, with a share in the main business component: the company owns three major brands: national, present-day, high-trenched, etc., of which the product is a tera class and above (manufacturing plant).
Prices ~100) are mainly national and part of worldly brands, accounting for 91.7 per cent of total revenues in 2021; class A, b, c products (10 < factory prices < 100 US dollars) are predominantly present-day brands, accounting for 7.6 per cent of total revenues. The rapid growth of national brands has been constructed as a core driver of product structural upgrading, accompanied by the cultivation and growth of the national v system, and the product structural upgrading trend will be delayed.
In terms of sales areas, the company’s revenues are concentrated in Jiangsu Province, which is actively opening up the Xin Jiangsu market, focusing on the surroundings of the Xiangsu and Shandong market, and the growth space is widening. Performance: Industry restructuring in 2012 has hit the white wine industry hard, and recovery is gradually beginning in 2015.
In this world, industry opportunities are strained, and brands are constantly driven by a two-way strategy, with continuous clarity about the market location of brands, and a marketing system conducive to branding. The product structure is upgraded in an orderly manner, with a constant focus on strategic monoliths, and the regional products are integrated and phased out, and the regional layout is actively expanded, in line with the “near radiation, priority breakthroughs”
The strategy is widening the growth space; in the marketing architecture, it is being built within the framework of “1+5+New Retail”, with a steady increase in consumer upscaling, a wide space in the Soup market, and, since the recovery of this round of white wine, there has been a division between the different groups of white wine, with a crowding up of the industry, as shown by scale.
The production of the above-mentioned white wine companies has continued to decline, while the price of branded white wine has risen, while the market share has continued to shrink. The central driver of industrial differentiation has been the rising level of per capita income, the rapid rise in public health awareness and brand awareness, and the consumption of the concept of “less alcohol, good wine” has gradually become a social consensus.
The mainstream consumption price of white wine has been steadily moving upwards, with better focus on high-end and sub-high-end products, driving the product’s structure to optimize. Against the backdrop of high-pressure growth in the industry, head and central brand advantage will benefit more from the dividends of cost escalation and concentration of market shares.
2.1 The industry has grown in a squeezed manner, the market has grown in a squeezed manner towards the branded white wine industry with a strong structural boom. The period 2002-2012 was a decade of high prices in the white wine industry.
Over time, with rising incomes and rising public consumption, the industry has grown, driven by brand white wine; at the profit side, benefiting from product structural upgrades and direct price increases for brand white wine, profits have increased significantly faster than revenue and profitability has continued to grow. White wine production has declined, with intra-industry competition dominated.
The white wine industry has grown rapidly; after three years of in-depth adjustment, the brand and health awareness of the population have risen rapidly, and the “Little drink, good drink” has become a social consensus. Along with the “Treat 3 public consumption” and “Tight driving”, the consumption of white wine has become more rational, and the above-mentioned sales of white wine companies have fallen: 7.16 million tons of white wine (comparable caliber) were produced in 2021 and above.
-2.5%; the number of white wine businesses of more than size decreased from 1563 in 2015 to 965 in 2021, and the industry has been transformed into a stock market, dominated by intra-industry competition, and increasingly competitive. The structural boom has been marked by a rapid rise in the number of white wine markets.
In this context, the dominance of brands and channels has become more apparent, with markets rising from 20%, 62%, to 50%, and 89%, in 2021. Especially since 2017, and against a backdrop of a marked acceleration in consumer consumption, the rise in brand names and alcohol has been accompanied by a rapid rise in the share of listed companies.
The share of wine sales is still low, and there is much room for improvement in the future. In 2021, the market was only 14.1% (the main reason for the elimination of alcohol sales was that it was produced at the lower end of the market and sold at more than 40%, which would better reflect the trend in sales and ton prices), while the share of wine sales was still low and there was much room for improvement in the future.
The volume of liquor sales in the city, excluding salami, rose from 951,000 tons in 2015 to 1,006 tons in 2021, with an average compound increase of 1.6% per year; in 2021, despite continuing dispersive outbreaks, sales were somewhat repaired compared to 2020.
2.1.2 There has been a steady increase in the income and branding of the population, and, with the rapid growth of the Chinese economy, there has been a steady increase in the disposable income of urban residents and in the per capita expenditure on food, tobacco and alcohol. Over the last five years, the disposable income of all residents has increased by about 7 per cent, and the steady rise in the income of the population has provided a solid basis for an upturn in consumption.
At the same time, per capita spending on food, tobacco and alcohol rose steadily from 4494 yuan in 2014 to 7178 yuan in 2021. In the past decade, China’s economy has grown rapidly, leading to rapid growth of high-net and middle-class populations.
The net population is mainly located along the eastern coast, gradually decreasing in the east, centre, and west. With the national industrial policy, the balanced development of the east, west, and the like, greater economic elasticity in the central and western regions will drive the growth of middle-income and wealthier groups.
Figure 18: Number of individuals with investable assets above $10 million (millions of people) Consumption escalation, in addition to the central push of income uplifting, is an important driver of changing consumption perceptions, increased brand awareness, and the impact of the consumption climate. While opening up price space, first-line cities are in the consumption structure.
The high end consumption ratio is greater than the lower end, the medium end consumption ratio is greater, while the low end consumption ratio in low-line cities is still higher, and the upward trend in first-line urban consumption is expected to be directed to three or four-line cities, leading to higher-end and higher-end consumption versus higher-end competitions and high brand barriers.
High-end lanes continue to expand, with few high-level competitors. With the continued expansion of high-income groups, high-end consumer demand continues to grow, high-end brands are smaller, consumers have stronger brand loyalty and high-end competition patterns are relatively stable. High-end markets account for about 95% of the market, brand rareness increases the ability of high-end brands to offer higher brands.
High-end brands perform more robustly and with greater certainty than other brands. High-end censorship barriers are extremely high, and brands build core competitiveness.
In the context of the steady expansion of high-end markets, in addition to the three mature high-end brands, some firms with brand power and quality advantages are starting to do so. National v9 is the product of the world's unique "Sing-A-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-
The head opens the price space and leads to the upgrading of the structure of the industry’s products. The population’s income is rising, and the population’s income is growing.
In the context of the rise in the consumption of high- and middle-grade white wine, the price of the high-end “thirties” has been rising ever since the recovery of the round, opening up full price space and leading the industry up in an orderly fashion. Under the influence of the first-line price increases, the average tonnage of the industry has moved steadily, from the point of view of price, through direct price increases and product structure upgrades; and from the point of view of volume, with the mainstream, the average tonnage of the industry has risen steadily, from the point of view of volume.
Prices have shifted and demand for medium- and low-end consumption in the past has shifted to mid- and sub-high-end, resulting in volume growth. 2.1.4 high-end markets have continued to expand, with consumption uplifting driven by sub-high-end track brands and consumption uplifting.
The top-end brands have stabilized the price belts of thousands of dollars, opened up the development space for sub-high-end brands, widened the price belts, and continued the expansion of the high-end track. Sub-high-end consumers have less loyalty to brands than high-end prices, leading to a proliferation of products or channels.
Consumer growth through preferences, rim marketing, etc., continues to expand market capacity through demand-side growth. Sub-high-end races are boosted by both consumer push and market-breeding. Consumption pull-on-channel push, and sub-high-end alcohol ton prices continue to rise.
The core thrust of high-end market expansion, for example, the mainstream consumption scenes such as wedding dinners and birthday feasts, where the main prices in the economically developed eastern regions of Shanghai and Jiangsu have already exceeded $350 and the main prices in Henan and Sichuan Provinces of the Western Province of White Wine Consumption in Central Province have risen to between 160 and 260; with economic growth and rising incomes, the consumption of white wine will be a long-term trend.
In addition, as the profits from mature price belts are becoming more transparent, the thrust of the channels is significantly reduced, while the profits from the 500-800 emerging price belt channels are relatively high, with distributors such as the national v3, Saffron 30, and the ocean river m6+ earning each bottle at around $80-100, and dealers and terminals more motivated, with sufficient pull for consumption upscaling.
With the combined effect of channel pull, the price of sub-high-end liquor continues to rise in tonnage, significantly increasing the profitability of businesses. 2.1.5 Medium end limited expansion, low end price reduction, and low-end consumption of low-end, middle-end and sub-high-end white alcohol, in a context of rising consumption, has increased to varying degrees to higher prices.
The consumption of medium-end white wine is affected by a combination of low-end, medium-end and sub-high-end upgrades, with limited physical expansion and slow price increases; low-end alcohol sales are reduced, market shares are concentrated towards regional taps and brands, and prices are steadily rising, with a trend towards price reductions.
High-end white wine has opened up price space, completed consumer breeding, and future markets will grow robustly; sub-high-end prices will rise, driven by consumption uplifting and channels, and firms with both brand and channel power will become more explosive; medium-end alcohol, as a springboard for rising public consumption, will remain.
There is room for price increases, but market expansion is limited; the price of low alcohol will increase, but sales will tend to shrink. 2.2 The Soup market is wide, the consumption upgrade will lead the country to a wide range of 2.2.1 white wine markets and a stronger indigenous brand.
There is a deep cultural background and a high level of alcohol consumption. Jiangsu has a long history of wine brewing, and has a history of growing up in Xiang Tang, flourishing in Ming Qing, and deep in alcohol culture. Jiangsu has four great wines, and two of the listed companies have high ravines in the world, while the river shares have rivers and ditches, and the Togs are slightly invisible due to slow internal management reforms.
The long history of wine brewing has led to a stronger drinking culture in Jiangsu, where the consumption of wine in Jiangsu is about 50 billion yuan, the country’s top priority. As a prominent representative of the "Gills" fragrant white wines, the "Twigs" have fostered a loyal group of wine-consuming groups, creating a unique advantage for local brands.
Local brands are strong, and prices are competitively misaligned. With brand power restrictions, with the exception of high-priced local brands, the competitive advantage of priced Chinese wine brands is more pronounced. Because of differences in brand power and channel power, provincial and extra-provincial brands occupy different price bands, with different patterns of competition evident, among which old brands, such as kiosks, five grain fluids, state cellars, etc., benefit from their brands.
Power, which holds most of the market share for more than $800, is now benefiting from the solid consumer base and the branding influence of its province, with the national v9 and v6 emerging; the branding and channel power of the nation, the Oceanic Dream Series, Seng Nam Chun, the Water wells and others in Jiangsu province are prominent, with a price belt of $300-7000: the world's contemporary edge, the sea and the sea.
Jiangsu has traditionally been the province where white wine is produced and sold, with its capacity spread mainly in North Su, and its market share is concentrated in the two listed companies of the present world and the River Ocean, thanks to their strong local branding influence, which makes it relatively weak. Su-China and South Sudan have higher levels of income, high consumption and relatively open markets, and the provincial interior.
The card layout is early and has brand and channel advantages, and the current world and the river also have a higher market share in Su-China and South Sudan. Nation-wide wine, such as Ma-Tai, Five-O, Jinzhou, and Kennan-chun, benefits from stronger brand influence and occupies a seat in the South Sudan region.
The economy is one of the highest in the country, with a strong economy, 23 of the top 100 districts in 2021, and 8 of the top 20 central Jiangsu, whose economic power provides a solid basis for consumption. Jiangsu’s disposable income continues to grow at a high rate, even in the wake of the epidemic.
With sustained and positive economic growth, there will be much room for increased consumption of white wine in the province, and market capacity will continue to grow steadily. Product upgrading will lead effectively, and mainstream prices will move up and down.
In Jiangsu, the main consumer price of white wine continues to move upwards. Income levels continue to rise as a cornerstone of consumption upgrading, with the products of white wine brands upgrading and consumer development playing a positive role as guides to consumption upgrading, especially when there is a typical interaction between the upgrading of products of the present world and the upgrading of consumption.
State v, a series of products. Today, state brands are positioned as “China’s high-end medium-end brands”, with China’s top 300-500 consumer prices effectively consolidated; State v3 has a positive 600-dollar layout, effectively absorbing the increase in intra-provincial business consumption to 600-7000-dollar price bands. Currently, sub-sub-south mainstream consumption has stabilized at 350-500 yuan, and is in the South Sudan market belt.
The rise in consumption led the country, and continued to promote market expansion. With consumption at the country’s highest levels, Jiangsu’s upgrading played a leading role throughout the country. The Jiangsu market still has more than half of its medium- and low-end consumption, and it is brand-conscious.
In the wake of the growing awareness of “less alcohol, good wine,” medium- and low-end consumption will increase at the sub-higher end, and will continue to boost sub-higher prices. Consumer prices are now over $400 in the main Jiangsu market, and commercial consumption is moving towards $600-700, and Jiangsu will benefit fully from the rising dividends of consumption, and the market will continue to grow in size.
2.2.3 The pattern of competition in the province is clear, the market for consumer upgrading is clear, and the market share is concentrated. Since the acquisition of the two trenches in the river in 2010, the competition pattern in Jiangsu has been largely established.
In the period between 2019 and 2020, during the course of channel reform in the Ocean River, the current world has experienced rapid growth, which has further expanded and consolidated the intra-provincial market, narrowing the gap between the provinces and the ocean.
The price band has a strong competitive advantage, and there is a clear tendency to overtake the two major brands in the provincial market. Soup leads to higher-end sub-high-end expansion.
Upgraded high-end prices are expected to increase by more than 20 per cent over the next three years: consumer branding and the concept of “less alcohol, good wine” have continued to grow, consumer prices have continued to move upwards, while brands will continue to increase consumer growth and promote the expansion of sub-high-end markets over the next three years.
This will lead to a slight increase in the middle- and low-end market revenues.3 Steady and steady growth, widening the scope, building on the brand image and consumer base in the province of Tetau, corporate branding and solid consumerization.
Growing up, stepping up the market, keeping up brand heights, widening product lines, deepening channels, expanding the market space, and increasing growth. On brands, the construction of brands is closely centred on “culture of origin” with a high focus on the three major brands: the country of origin, the world of present, the high-grent, and the growing brand of the country of origin. On products, there is an orderly expansion of the product line, and there is a high focus on the country of origin.
In general, the market layout, on the basis of the fundamentals of the market in the province, is constantly radiating to Jiangsu markets, focusing on core areas, core products, and growing space.
The scope for growth in this world is widening and growth is increasing. 3.1 brand ends: three series of clear positioning, continued high brand heights, 3.1.1 history is deep-deep, and culture is rich in content.
The town of Gou, Jiangsu Province, is known for its history of wine brewing, which originated in West Han, Sem Myung Qing, and has a long history of history. The former high-rate wine factory is an important component of Jiangsu's “Three Treasures” and enjoys a high branding and reputation in Jiangsu. The company has developed so far.
At the fourth national wine review conference, the Goose special was awarded second place in the national fragrance, an important example of the fragrance. Table 5: Honours or prizes awarded
“Culture” is the natural advantage of the present world, the deepest cultural soft power. In 1996, the world brand was born, the brand concept of “the present world has its course and forever” was created, the brand image of “China’s weddings” was shaped, the celebration was focused on consumption, and the scene’s consumption awareness was continuously strengthened.
With the creation of brands, the idea of branding is so high that it is “accompanied by big events, with success, with a toast to heroes”, it creates a brand image of “making big things and things,” it focuses on business consumption, and it continues to drive brand heights. 3.1.2 Three brands are clearly positioned, branding is high-profile and branding is high-profile.
"Cultural" is the main line, and the brands operate precisely. The three major brands of the nation, the world, and the high ravine focus on different consumption scenarios and price segments, respectively, and assume different branding functions. The high ravines are “good quality, high value for money” to cover and network a group of faithful consumers and expand brand coverage: the present world's orientation is “China's wine”, and the focus is on the market for the feasts, which is an expansion of the product.
The three major brands are clearly identified, the mainstream consumer scene is comprehensive, the brands complement each other, and there is a gap between the price belts and the consumer scenes.
Old wine, the company's brand name. It's a big group of "The Trench One River." In 1949, the Gouge wine factory was made up of eight brewers. It received a prize for its integrity. It has a high brand profile and reputation in Jiangsu and its surrounding provinces. In September 2022, the company proposed "The Trench."
The brand rejuvenation, which focused on the rising consumption of light bottles and the increasing concentration of brands, transformed the rejuvenation of the gugger brand into an important growth pole for the company’s 10 billion-dollar journey. As a result, the company’s business was in a state of difficulty at the end of the last century, and management was actively changing.
In 1996 the Ministry launched the high end of the "Foreigns of the World" layout, taking advantage of the rising consumption of wedding dinners, which opened the process of rapid growth; in the target market, in combination with the country's distinctive drinking culture, the culture of origin, and the market for weddings.
To create a differentiated competitive advantage and quickly create a higher brand profile and reputation in the wedding market; and to develop a series of “Celebrates of the present world” in 2004 on the product layout, which enriches the array of products in the wedding market, and constantly improves branding and upgrading product structures.
The year 2002-2012 was the Golden Decade for the White Liquor industry, where consumption was upgraded, with high brands on the top, and product structure continuously upgraded. National brands focused on business consumption, with a view to “making things right, there must be” and a continuation of “cultural” brand lines, enriching the meaning of “culturality.”
The high end of the roll-out, with prices very different from those of five grain fluids and foreign guests, 1573, has a deep, high-end brand gene. High-speed growth in national brands has become a nuclear heart drive for upgrading corporate product structures and increasing profitability.
Marketing is multidimensional, branding is all-embracing. Companies build a communications matrix for “National Platform + High-speed Iron + Public Relations Events + New Media.” Marketing promotion and branding are comprehensive, 3-dimensional, multi-channel focus on target consumers, multiplatforms increase brand visibility, and brand creation is robust.
National platform tree height: Deepening strategic collaboration with national media, such as Vision and Xinhua, to create high brand heights through high platforms. The world’s uniquely named "Bearing You" programme has evolved into a "protocol" programme, with a high degree of alignment of corporate brand culture with the theme of the programme “Continences” and the use of its national dissemination power to draw high-level public officials.
In addition, National V9 commercials were launched on "The Full Dot" and the brands were very high, and the brands could be strengthened effectively. High-speed rail expansion: "National v9" brands dedicated to helping national brands to spread radiation to long-trigger cities, wide-ranging.
Covering economically developed and consuming priority cities such as Shanghai, Nanjing, Hangzhou, Fuzhou, Xiamen, efficient focus on target consumers, continued expansion of brand radiation coverage, opening up markets for “neighbourish radiation, priority breakthroughs” Public relations events: companies use big events for marketing activities, leading to high-profile chambers of commerce, high-end communities, etc.
At the same time, it is important to strengthen the brand awareness of consumers who “make a big deal and drink a nation's identity.” On the occasion of China's branding day, China's Fourth International Import Fair: a cultural exchange forum at Harvard University entitled “Night of Nations” has been held to enhance the branding of companies through the marketing of events, and to enhance the brand awareness of consumers.
A clear path to branding, and a brilliant strategy. From the high ditch to the worldly world, the company reborn, starting a fast-growing path from the mud; from the current world to the national brand, the height of the brand rose, taking up a seat in sub-provincial mainstream consumer prices; and in 2016, the company took a heavy seat on the national identity brand.
The company is now actively developing the national v family, the national v3 has already set up 600-dollar positions in Jiangsu province, and is gradually opening up, and the high growth in the national v3 has helped the firm to move its product structure across a new height. The company’s past product structure has been upgraded with a clear path.
In recent years, companies have been spending more and more to upgrade their brands, resoundingly, marketing fees and advertising costs have steadily increased. As the product structure continues to improve, companies are advertising.
There has been a steady increase in investment, campaign sponsorship, programme titles, advertising, and other marketing activities, including advertising, increasing brand influence, and rising brand values, which, according to Chinese brand values published by the Chinese Cup, rose significantly from 17.2 billion in 2015 to 39.3 billion in 2021.
Figure 55: Corporate sales costs, advertising and comparative costs since 2011 Figure 56: Value of the brand of the present world since 2015 (millions of yuan) 3.2 end of product: full price coverage, sustained expansion of product lines
The company has a well-structured matrix of products, with sub-high-end mainstream consumer price belts, especially 300-500 yuan. The firm has a strong focus on core monolithic products, such as national boundaries, parallels, with a strong product power, brand power, and channel power at that price.
Full coverage, clear lines of product structure upgrading. The company is actively setting up products such as v9 Quasi and v3 to expand the price belt upwards, to steer the product structure up in an orderly manner, to develop the product, to raise the price of the product, to continue to increase the price of the ton, to keep the profitability of the product layout clear and to cover the whole range of the price.
The company has three core brands of state, the world, the high ravine, and the price of the product is clearly differentiated and effectively covers the market’s main price belt. The brands of the country include the v-systems, the two product lines, the national lines, the company’s core product series, the crushing stone of the firm’s steady growth; v is the company’s high-end array of fists.
It is the core driving force of structural upgrading; the middle end of the world's collection series, which effectively covers the mainstream consumer price of the $100-300 banquet; and the high ravine, which is the company's brand building block with a deep consumer base.
Growing market share and growing dynamic. The launch of this brand name is the starting point for the rebirth of the company, the current one, the focus of the wedding market, the rapid increase in brand influence and market share through differentiated marketing, and the smoothing out of the mud. The launch of the brand name is the starting point for high-end companies, and in response to rising consumption and breaking growth bottlenecks, the company starts.
Focusing on the upgrading of business consumption and the consumption of feasts, the resources have been tilted toward the national sequence, which has successfully expanded the product structure and growth space. The national brand, which is the core of the system, has risen from 36.6% in 2016 to 65.0% in 2021, and the rising national series, which has formed the core driving force for product structural upgrading and increased profitability.
The product layout strategy is clear, and the structural upgrading path is clear. The company continues to advance the established product strategy: v is aggressive, strategizing, uplifting, the activation of the present world, and the revival of the high ravine. The company’s marketing resources are constantly tilted toward national v, fully exploiting the role of national v as a leader in product structural upgrading; the high focus is on the core commodities of the country at four edges and parallels, and it continues to reinforce the solid foundation of the open system.
Role; high priority for the activation of the world brand, increasing the growth of the layout of d20 and d30, and increasing the impact of the consumer landscape; and a strong push to revive the high-trenched brand, focusing on the light bottle liquor market within a hundred-dollar range, awakening the consumer’s brand memory and expanding its audience.
v led to structural upgrading: business consumption in Jiangsu Province has been upgraded to 600-7000, and the 600-7000 price belt has expanded rapidly, under the direction of the river's M6+. State v3 terminal is offered at about $650, channel profits at around $80-100, and channel power at the price of v3 has a strong competitive advantage, v3.
Graduation will form the core driving force for the upgrading of the corporate product structure, the growth of dynamic energy, and the growth of profitability. Country v9 is super-high, is the company’s original Qing Yagami product, and country v9 has effectively elevated the corporate product height and will continue to play an important role as a driving force for the enhancement of corporate brand power.
It's the core product line of the company, the four-way one-way, the two-way one-stop, the one-stop, the one-stop, the one-stop, the one-stop, the one-stop, the one-stop, the one-stop, the one-stop, the one-stop, the one-stop, the one-stop, the one-stop, the one-stop, the one-stop, the one-stop, the other the other.
The competitive advantage is clear. The ocean's M6+ has been upgraded to over $600, opening up a full development space for Quadrants, which already exceed the competitive crystal m3 and have a strong competitive advantage in the 400-500 price band; they have a 300-bit share, benefiting from an upturn in intra-provincial consumption and strong growth.
The growth of the company’s growth will continue to increase. The world’s future activates and expands its brand audience: the world’s future brands focus on the wedding market, the core of which is a collection of 10/15, and the country of the company’s strategic focus on higher prices as it progresses to 200-300 places.
A series of tilts, and the share of the world's world's history in the company's income continues to decline. As a major consumer scene with high bottle openings, wide exposure, and high brand visibility, the activation of the world's brand will effectively contribute to the revival of the entire brand power, awakening its memory: as an important component of the "Twig One", its brand history is far-reaching.
Long, positioning the real Sioux old wine, with a high brand profile and branding reputation in Jiangsu province. High-row brands occupy the 70-80 light bottle-based consumer price belt, which is a product of brand power and value for money, and has a wide consumer base.
The company is actively promoting four battles: "V is a battle, a battle for upgrading, a war for the world, a war for the world, a breakout for the world", and "v is a war, a war for the world, and a series of powerful brands and products for the world."
The market base in the province is getting stronger, the income gap in the province is closing, brand influence and brand reputation are greatly enhanced, creating a solid rear for markets outside the province. At the end of the country, the brands of the world occupy the 100-300-dollar core price belt, with differences.
The natural advantage of marketing is that strong product power can strongly support out-of-town market development. 3.2.2 Products have a strong capacity to nurture, lead in an orderly manner, upgrade, and companies are moving ahead with product structural upgrading, driving average tonnage prices up and profitability increasing.
In keeping with the upward trend in consumption, companies focus more resources on the country-specific series, with a tera+-type ratio of revenue from the national series, with an optimal core driver. With the continued upgrading of the product structure, the average ton price of the company will continue to grow from $698,000 in 2011 to contribute to the orderly upgrading of the product.
The activation of the present world has been steadily advancing, accelerating the d20/d30 layout, responding to the rising consumption of the reception market, and actively building two major consumer scenes at the high end: early layout v, increasing consumer growth through initiatives such as high-end awards, v9 experience halls, etc., and improving product structure upwards.
The upgrading path is clear, growth is strong and profitability is increasing.
Single item, layout 600-7000 bits, open-country, taking over the upgrading of intra-provincial commercial consumption;
• A strong push for national V9 branding and consumer development, which actively leads to the continuous development of the fundamentals of the system
- to upgrade the structure of the product, to open the way, to open up markets out of the country, to increase the power of the world's greatest brand.
d20/d30. Ordered receptions.
In Jiangsu province, white wine is consumed with a soft taste, whether it is "more comfortable high-end medium white wine" or the soft style of the ocean, which is driven by the constant demand for comfort after drinking alcohol from commercial consumption. The national orientation "China's high-end medium white wine" is based on the consumer's taste preferences after drinking.
More focus on consumer drinking experiences and continuously improving product competitiveness from the point of view of meeting consumer demand. The company's original white wine, “Clean-a-sample” , shapes consumers' perception of the difference between the “new classics of sauce”, is a unique innovation in fragrance, and is a typical expression of the transformation and upgrading of products in the white industry.
The assurance that continuous innovation in taste and fragrance is the core driving force behind the continuous improvement of quality, and that high-quality products underpin the growing strength of the Department. 3.3 Channel ends: optimize market layout, depth of depth.
Companies continue to push for a two-way “brand + Channel” strategy that promotes enhanced end-to-end marketing through branding and channels. On the channel structure, rationally optimizes the sectoral set-up and focuses on core product lines; on the channel model, positive shifts to the “distribution + direct marketing +” model, with multiple ways to reach consumers; and on the channel level, continuous optimization of market layout and flattening
At the channel level, increase profit and boost incentives; at the regional level, pursue the 3+4 strategy on a continuous basis, with a greater focus on core areas, core products and expanding opportunities for company growth in the off-provincial market. 3.3.1 Optimize marketing systems and enhance channel thrust
Optimizing departmental set-up, service strategy layout. Deepening the organizational structure around the "brands plus channels" dual-driven strategy to align the organizational structure more closely with the strategic layout of the company. Fragmenting from the former Ministry of Markets the Ministry of Nationalism, the Ministry of the Future, the Ministry of the Gorge, the Ministry of Branding under the leadership of the various branches, making branding operations more focused, the channels more focused.
The Ministry of Branding after the change of organization assumes corporate-level marketing responsibilities, including channel design, marketing policy development, marketing policy development, and brand management, which is responsible for branding, industry research, corporate research, etc., and the changed organizational structure is more flat and strategic implementation is more efficient.
The company focuses on the deep synergy model of the manufacturer “1+1+n” and is actively moving to the “distribution + direct sales + online” model to create a multi-dimensional flow of products. The distribution system is dominated, and the producers are working together.
Regional marketing networks are formed and the price-fixing model is implemented to control the channels. The province is divided into eight regions according to regional economic development and corporate sales, and the regional marketing centre is responsible for the development and management of channels in the region: each region under each region selects a strong firm and is supervised by a large company.
In Jiangsu province, the cities of Huaiyan, Nanjing, Suzhou and Xu, the city of Xu, take over the market quickly through resource focus and flat-level management.
The state and municipal areas, as well as parts of Shanghai and Beijing outside the province, use direct sales models; the supermarkets and large business units are directly managed by the integrated marketing centres, which continue to exploit the advantages of group purchasing.
Intra-provincial channels are now largely down to the township level, with a focus on the weak market, building up municipal sample markets and gradually expanding to the peri-district market.
The strategy is to strengthen the provincial infrastructure; and to identify 10 priority market segments outside the province, with a view to creating a billion-dollar market in 3-5 years, opening the market with a greater focus on core markets, core products and, through the creation of sample markets and the expansion of the perimeters, opening 1,000 brand shops and contracting 10,000 core terminals each year, which will result in a significant increase in the channel capacity.
3.3.2 Control of goods enhances confidence in the channels, the marketing of the iron army enhances growth dynamics, and the control of goods improves confidence and strength. In recent years, the world has adopted a “go for small steps” strategy, increasing the end price of products and expanding the final profit space. The company has continued to upgrade its product structure through product rejuvenation.
To improve profitability by raising prices, while increasing profit from channels, and to boost the thrust of channels. During the product ' s life cycle, maintaining a robust price system, including by controlling counter-prices, continues to enhance the confidence of the channels. Since 2021, companies have stabilized the end-sale price at $600-650 by controlling the price system of national v3, and the profits of the channels at $80-100.
Under the advanced distribution model, manufacturers dominate marketing policy and market operations, distributors are more responsible for borrowing, logistics, etc., and the number of manufacturers selling is more demanding.
It's an optimist, independent, world-class, nation-based team, independent branding, more focused resources, more clear appraisals, and higher demands on the number and quality of personnel. The company selects talent, continues to optimize the marketing team, and combines equity incentives and rising salaries to fully motivate the team and the marketing team's performance.
3.4 Intra-Provincial and Intra-Provincial Farming breakthroughs, sustained expansion of growth space, continued cultivation in 3.4.1 Province, still open to exploitation, market distribution and economic mismatches, and still open to exploitation. Economic development in Jiangsu region is uneven, and the South-Susan economy is evident.
Developments have been relatively strong, with the present-day camp located in the town of Huai An in North Sudan, with a larger share of the market in the North and North and a weak distribution of the market in North and South and a large mismatch with regional economic development. The city of South Sudan, with its lower share, remains a structural opportunity.
Consumption structure is higher, national high-end wines such as Mao Dai, 5 grain fluids, and the old cellars in Kyongzhou have a strong branding advantage, and prices of over $1,000 are strong: foreign high-end wines such as Seng Namchun, rum and brandy have also been part of the market in the 200-500 high-end mainstream consumer price belts.
Um; State v3 has a competitive advantage at 600-650, effectively absorbs upscaling commercial consumption to more than $600, has greater structural opportunities and is expected to become an important driver of sustained growth in corporate profitability as the State v3 continues to grow and is gradually released.
The Sioux region is relatively weak and can penetrate larger spaces. The Sioux region has a larger market space and is relatively weak in the present world. By concentrating its resources on the central market in the city, building model markets, creating branding effects, and gradually expanding to subdistrict markets, increasing market ownership, and increasing growth in the Sioux region.
The economic strength of the nation’s leading economy is a solid basis for the upgrading of national consumption, and the per capita gdp in the south of the country is much higher than the national average. The product structure of the present world is largely consistent with the local economic development situation, benefiting from the continuous rise in disposable income, and the regional product structure is not the same.
As Jiangsu’s strong economy continues to grow, it will be able to support the continued optimization of the company’s product structure, and rising average tonnage will constitute an important growth dynamic for the company. 3.4.2 The market base in the province is strong, and there is wide scope for outreach outside the province.
The two dominant patterns are clear, and competition is becoming stronger. Together, the current world and ocean rivers account for about 35 per cent of the city’s market share in the province, with two enterprises with a strong competitive brand and channel power in the province, a solid foundation, a strong two-Power pattern, a strong market position and a strong brand.
On the basis of a firm competition pattern and a strong internal market, more resources can be allocated to the provincial market, which can support the opening of the surrounding market. The provincial market continues to focus on the “3+4” market pattern, focusing on the near-estate markets of Shanghai, Zhejiang, Anhui, etc., with a focus on Shandong, Henan, Kyung-jin-Shin, Jiangxi and Jiangxi.
The local brands are weak. Lu, pronto, and pessimism are both large provinces of the population, large economic provinces, and large provinces of expense, with great potential for consumption, and weaker real estate and ample market opportunities in 2020.
With a population of 276 million people, or 19.5 per cent of the country ' s total population, and a combined total of 16.4 trillion yuan for the three provinces, or 16.2 per cent of the country ' s total value of gdp, close to one fifth of the population and one sixth of the country ' s total value of gdp are huge consumer markets, while large markets lack high-quality brand names, three provinces are the only ones with a marketed white and wine business in Hebei, real estate.
With a large but relatively weak brand and a low market concentration, the three provinces have also led to a national competition for wine.
Population: 96.4 million White wine capacity: approximately 35 billion yuan Population: 10.7 million
Main competitor: Nationalization White wine capacity: about $40 billion.
The main competitors are the national aliases, wines like Xing Chi, Xingzhi, and Xianqiao, whose ability to consume them continues to grow, and the market space continues to expand.
In Shandong, mass consumption continues to be dominant, accounting for less than 30% at the lower end and above, and dominated mainly by foreign brands. Henan’s sub-high end and above account for 40%, and low-line cities still have a large potential for upgrading, with local brands dominated by medium- and low-end, and secondary and higher markets dominated by foreign brands.
The market for white wine is huge and very open in the provinces of Bao, Lu, and Kuo, and the world is now focusing on these markets, focusing on resources for the marketing of welcome events, end-of-consortium construction, development of channels, growing brand power, and growing space. There is a clear path to opening up outside the province, and the market space is vast.
Although the company proposed an early nationalization scheme, it suffered from intense competition within the province, which made it difficult to tilt too much of its resources over the opening of out-of-town markets, which, with the effective consolidation of the provincial markets, will be at an accelerated stage. The “3+4” regional expansion plan is clear. It is clear that market opening has progressed rapidly, with significant milestones, with a 30% increase in compound revenues in out-of-provincial camps between 2017 and 2021 and a 30% increase in out-of-provinces.
High growth has gradually become an important point of growth. As markets outside the province continue to evolve, market development models have become more sophisticated, market opening routes have become clearer, nationalization progress has entered an accelerated period, and there is much room for growth.
The "2+5+n" pilot was set up outside the province.
Seven priority provinces outside the province have refined the marketing of the reception scenes, “Overall planning, focus”
End-of-consortium construction, canals, Shandong region, positive-level market growth, more focus on core markets,
Market development, development and marketing 66.2% longer, nationalization.
The idea of rolling forward is to speed up marketing patterns such as nationalism and the modern-day recruitment of subjects.
It's going to be more focused, the city's branding process, and the market opening path is going to get worse.
On August 1, 2022, a new stock incentive scheme was launched, and changes were made.
The performance appraisal of the post-equity incentive scheme requires that business income in 2021 be used as the basis for higher prices, corresponding to business income in 2022-2024, fully reflecting firm corporate confidence in future development, a high degree of convergence of interests between company management and shareholders, incentives in place, and a strong momentum for long-term development.
From “the present world has a future, one has a future” to “the great things, one must have a future”, culture has given the world a distinctive brand identity. The changes in the core content of culture have always revolved around the continuous upgrading of the product structure, the 1996 “the present world” market, where “China's weddings” ushered in a joyful ocean.
Long-sleeved dance: The 2004 launch of the "Nationality" brand, "Society, Success, To Heroes" has raised the profile of the market for commercial consumption, and the whole process of product upgrading has been accompanied by quality and cultural content. The central imperative of the billion-dollar journey is to move along the main lines of culture and product upgrading, strategies, products, channels, incentives, organization, etc.
In many dimensions, deep innovation has been made to move to a new phase with a 100-metre-stroke mentality. The "543" wine industry has a clear-cut path. The company proposes to work towards 10 billion dollars by 2023 and 15 billion dollars by 2025. To that end, the company has set a course for the development of the "543" wine industry, with a clear target of 10 billion.
The "triple" approach is a specific approach to achieving the billion-dollar goal, striving to achieve sustainable and robust development through differentiation, high-end, nationalized and focused market segmentation, optimized product structure, and expanded growth space. Difference: brand positioning.
The branding of "China's High-end Medium White Wine" focuses on the market segment, such as dinners and high-end business consumption;
High-end: State v is a high-end boxing series of companies, high-end positioning of the country v9, increasing the brand image of the company, continuing to lead product structural upgrading; Mainized price belt for business consumption in the province of State v3, responding to rising consumption trends, reaping the expansionary dividend of the core price of business consumption: through the creation of high-end awards, v9.
The new scene of the experience, the formation of the V99 alliance,v a significant battle effort, and the rapid advance of high-level development, nationalization: the company continues to focus on the regional strategy of “provincing in and out of the country”, accelerating the strengthening of vulnerable areas within the province, building the foundations of the riverine cultivation, market classification development, and fighting against weak markets; the initiative to create regional plates outside the province.
A core model market, with a resource focus, product focus, team focus, efficiently nurtures rapid breakthroughs and seeks to develop it into a billion-dollar market in 3-5 years, with active radiation to drive the surrounding market. The target is clear, organization is clear, efficient, distribution channels are smooth and dynamic, and incentives are in place, core business groups are in place
Based on the dynamism of the team, the company's 10 billion-dollar target sprinting process is now in place, with strong corporate growth supported by rising consumption and expanding industry. The value of the value of the national series has risen from 70% in 2015 to 75% in 2021, with the company's Māori ratio rising from 75% in 2015 to 75% in 2021.
The structure continues to improve, and the company ' s Māori ratio is expected to increase further as the share of the national series continues to increase. In terms of cost rates, companies continue to improve the marketing system, flatten the channel structure, optimize the incentive examination model, and the sales costs are more efficient, and as the channels reform continues to deepen, sales rates will decrease marginally as the dividends are released.
With equity incentives for land landings, companies are expected to achieve significant optimization in managing costs by overhauling their management functions, optimizing their management structures, and developing effective incentives. Profitability is at the forefront of the industry, and there is still room for structural upgrading.
This will be accompanied by a continuous increase in the national series, with an optimal product structure, and a further increase in the Māori rate. Companies will continue to optimize their incentive models, pay more closely to consumers, spend more scientifically effective sales costs, and have a positive interaction between sales costs and revenue growth, leading to a further decline in the cost of sales. This will be accompanied by improved optimization of equity incentives.
Management effectiveness is further enhanced, incentives are more efficient, corporate growth dynamics are significantly up, and management costs are expected to decrease marginally under the scale effect. With the company ' s Māori ratio rising and effective cost control, there is scope for a significant increase in net interest rates. Roe continues to improve, and business performance continues to improve.
The firm’s steady upturn is largely due to higher net interest rates on sales and higher turnover of total assets, as can be seen from the fragmentation of the roe. The company’s continued improvement in its product structure and its increasing competitiveness have effectively contributed to the steady upswing of the roe.
The elasticity of performance will continue to be released as the provincial layout progresses further. The national v3 has stabilized at 600 and is gradually entering the incremental phase, which will continue to drive product structural upgrading; the state has a strong competitive edge in the 400-500 price segments of the province, and the company has established an extra-provincial focus on the markets of the country.
Field outreach strategies, growing space for growth: a high increase in national v3 and quadrupling will lead to a double increase in the volume of ta+-type products, prognosis 2) the strength of national growth is strong, with branding power and channel power in the provinces showing a strong competitive advantage, and will enjoy the dividends of 300-dollar market expansion and brand concentration: in addition, companies are actively setting up to nurture core und items such as the world economy.d
(b) To promote the upgrading of the product structure of the present-day series, which will lead to the upgrading of the structure of the present-day series, which will lead to the renewal of the product volume of the current-day category (3), which will continue to promote the activation of the current-day brand, the opening of the high-trenched brand, and the expectation that other categories of products will continue to contribute to the upgrading of the product structure and to the orderly development of new products, which will be accompanied by the continuation of the company ' s growth dynamics in 2022;
The company’s growing size, the upgrading of its product structure, the continuous improvement of its management efficiency, the growth of its Māori rate, and the marginal decline in its overall cost rate. With its high-quality wine gene, the world is now focusing on high-end, sub-high-end, and actively exploring out-of-town markets.
The four companies were selected for a comparable valuation, with an average of 40 times, 34 times, and 27 times the average perpene in 2022-2024. The company’s strong branding position, which will maximize the consumption and share of the premium in the Sou market, will be maximized; at the same time, the company accumulated 40 times, 34 times, and 27 times the average perpen in 2022-2024.
In addition, companies make a reasonable trade-off between regions and products outside the province, focusing more on core markets and core products, and opening up out-of-country markets will be more robust and robust. 1) Repeated risk of an epidemic: the new crown epidemic has greater uncertainty, and the epidemic will lose confidence in the population's consumption and end-of-life.
2) Risk of a significant economic downturn: Economic development is the basis for rising consumption among the population, and macroeconomic performance is influenced by a variety of factors, with high uncertainty, which will affect the pace of rising consumption once the economy falls sharply; 3) market openings or less than expected: extra-provincial market openings may be strongly discouraged by the production of real estate and national infamous wine.
There is a degree of uncertainty, and there is no direct or indirect recourse to any form of compensation, either by reason of, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.