Year 2021: Profit increases release elasticity of performance, research assistant  performance increases are at the forefront of the industry, leading competitiveness continues to rise.
The shoveling/fire-fighting machinery generated revenue of $272.09.89.52/81.22/4998 million, corresponding to the year when the Xu Gang excavator grew into the second largest in the country and the sixth in the world; the tower crane jumped to the second in the world; the mine field excavator was located at the top of the world ' s five, breaking the international elite monopoly; and concrete machinery.
In 2021, the company's export earnings were $12.94 billion, compared to +111.81 per cent, leading the engineering machinery with the greatest elasticity of performance, and the profit-rate-up logic continued to materialize.
More than industry, the profit-enhancing logic continues to be realized, and performance elasticity is released.  The overall listing is steadily advancing, and the new Xu worker is worth looking forward to the company's announcement of 6 April 2021, which proposes to distribute shares to shareholders, including through limited shares distribution to Xu's shareholders.
According to Xu's limited bond collection, the main unlisted subsidiary revenue in 2020 is as follows:
Xu's excavator (ex-digger, top-two share of domestic sales), Xu's construction machine (up-two million share of sales), Xu's sales (up-two million share), Xu's sales (up-three million share of domestic sales) and Xu's mining machine (up-five billion share of global sales) have a combined income of 382 million
Xu Engineering Machinery (000425); 300 million in 2021; 96.1 billion in 2020, of which Xu Engineering earned 74 billion.
After being listed, the income of `New Xu' is expected to rise to the top of the industry by more than 100 billion. +11.6%, the profit-rate-up logic is steadily shifting to a steady growth policy plus, and attention is paid to the opportunity to revalue the engineering and mechanical plates.
In January-February 2022, the country issued a cumulative total of 877.5 billion yuan in additional local government debt to effectively leverage investment in capital projects. In 2022, q1 national infrastructure investment and the regular national conference proposed “do not relax, put steady growth in a more prominent position” and “scalable deployment”
The integration of Xu Xu workers is limited, and monetary policy tools are applied to excavators and times.” Since the beginning of 2022, more than 60 cities have put in place a commitment to stable real estate assets for performance.
Under the guidelines of Insai, Hangzhou, Guangzhou, Zhengzhou, Kunming, etc., eased the property policy by lowering the eligibility requirements for home purchases, lowering the down payment rate, easing the loan requirements, and lowering the interest rate on mortgages.
The overall listing process has not progressed as expected.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board