Xu's report for 2021 was published in 2021 and the company achieved $84,328 million in operating income in 2021.
Net profit attributable to shareholders of listed companies netting off non-recurring gains and losses $5.19 billion, compared with growth Research assistant: Xie Shaughey 2021q4 positive growth and cost-effective profitability. Companies achieved revenue in 2021
84,328 million yuan, an increase of 14.01 per cent in the same year; net profit return of 5.615 billion yuan, an increase of 50.57 per cent in the same year; higher revenue for services resulted in lower financial costs; and higher prices for raw materials led to year-round recovery on 19 April 2022
The full-line plate is strong, and the overall listing will help the company develop. Xu and his parent company, Xu Yu, have a full-scale force below the full-line plate, and the 12-type mainframe will remain in the top of the domestic industry. The crane is strong, leading, and the mobile crane will continue to be the world's number one, with the wheels moving to the third.
Roe(ttm) plant machinery, horizontal-directional drilling first in the world, road machinery first in the third in the world, loading maximum price in December
In the emerging industry, the promotion of fire trucks, high-altitude platforms such as armbands, the lowest price in December, the industry's first position and its ability to make a significant increase in profitability; and the revenue from small engineering machinery has increased on a par.
50% long; income from forklifts increased by 258% in the same year; asphalt stations, chassis maintenance products entered the industry before 2. Xu's limited plate excavator (national 2nd, global 6th), tower crane (global 2), mine field excavator equipment (global top 5), concrete machine after overall listing in the future
Guns (the first global camp) will be consolidated into corporate assets, contributing to corporate development. The new layout of the port, which has seen a rapid breakthrough in machinery and a double increase in revenues, and agricultural machines, unmanned platforms, etc., are all intensifying research and testing, which will be a new driver of corporate growth.
Large-load exports grew by 110.4 per cent in the same year, road machinery exports by 92.1 per cent in the same year, car cranes by 59.1 per cent in the same year, and high-growth focus regions such as Asia and the Pacific by 50.8 per cent in the same year, Central Asia by 129.8 per cent in the same year, Africa by 93.1 per cent in the same year, and Europe and the United States by a significant increase in the high-end markets.
Investment proposal: maintain a “recommended” rating. The company is one of the leading engineering machines in the country, with the same growth in revenue performance in 2021 in the face of weaker downstream demand and higher upstream raw material prices. The company’s cranes will remain more competitive at the core, and overall listing will help in the future.
Lower number of downstream projects and weaker demand for corporate products if the issuance of special-purpose debt slows down or falls short of expectations; (3) lower demand for domestic enterprise products in overseas markets results in pressure on corporate performance; (4) higher prices of raw materials will face firm performance
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.