On 04/05/0222, the industry earned 20.34 billion yuan, a decline of 19.79 per cent from the previous year, a net gain of 37.86 per cent from the ring, a marked improvement in the net profit margin of 1,405 million, a wide distribution of product lines, and a flatening of the industry cycle in the fourth quarter of 2021.
\triangleright Real Estate, Capital Growth Slows, Engineering Mechanics are heavily affected. Although the company's net profit on first quarter of 2022 fell on a year-on-year basis in the same period as in 2021, the ring was already in place in the fourth quarter of 2021.
In addition, in recent years, the market for corporate fists has risen steadily, and new plates such as high-altitude platforms, forklifts, asphalt stations, and bottom-plate maintenance products have been rapidly released.
In September 2020, triangleright came out of \triangleright.
With the introduction of institutional investors, employees, business dynamism and elasticity, the sector’s performance has been gradually released.
The eleventh meeting of the Central Finance and Economics Committee to study the overall strengthening of infrastructure. The meeting stressed the importance of infrastructure, focusing on five major areas of infrastructure, suggesting adaptation to capital financing needs, broadening long-term financing and increasing financial investment. The meeting of the Political Bureau on 29 April re-emphasized the need for a comprehensive expansion of domestic demand.
Overall infrastructure strengthening. The conference resulted in a more proactive policy orientation of capital investment, financing 1. Xu-geun reported in 2021: a breakthrough in multi-plate layout and a continuous improvement in profitability
2. Xu's performance forecast for 2021: mix-up early, tight roll-out, fast disbursement and waiting for post-epidemiological engineering. \triangleright
This year's special debt was released at $146 trillion, and the balance was issued everywhere in March, as compared to the previous year's three-quarterly report performance: the mixed dividend was released and profitable.
According to the Ministry of Finance, as of 25 April 2022, the provinces had accumulated special bonds of about 1.3 per cent.
Three-quarterly performance forecast: mixed transformations injected into business dynamics, q3 performance sustained rapid growth The impact of the epidemic, but the infrastructure is expected to warm up and the engineering and machinery industry is expected to rise as the epidemic is under control
5. Xu Engineering Machinery (000425) 2021, mid-point evaluation: net profit increases bright and changes core \triangleright
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.