Multi-plate layout break-through, profit-making keeps changing.
In the fourth quarter, real estate and capital growth slowed, and the engineering and machinery industry was significantly affected. But it was hard for the company to maintain a high rate of growth of 50% or more, with a steady increase in revenue and a steady increase in profit levels throughout the year.
In 2021, most of the company ' s fists grew faster than the industry, the cranes remained strong, mobile cranes maintained the world ' s first 500 tons and more, with a 9 percentage point increase in the world ' s hanger ratio, with the cranes moving up to the top.
In terms of emerging plates, the company high-altitude platform achieved income of $4,998 million in 2021, an increase of 34 per cent over the previous 34 per cent, with the arm-loading-type high-altitude platform industry being in the forefront.
There has been a significant increase in profitability; in addition, small-scale engineering and machinery revenues have increased by 50% over the year, forklift revenues have increased by 258% over the year, and the asphalt station, chassis maintenance-type products have entered the top two branches of the industry. Export performance has been impressive, and the revenue contributed has risen to a new high. In 2021, companies achieved export revenues of $12.94 billion.
Current exports are growing at a high rate of 110.4 per cent for large- and medium-sized exports, 92.1 per cent for surface machinery and 59.1 per cent for automobile cranes.
At a record high, Indian companies began to operate officially, and continued export activity was expected to be a guarantee of growth in corporate performance. Dividends continued to be released, and performance sustained high growth. 2. Xu Engineering Machinery (000425) 2021
A special debt to help build the infrastructure and improve the engineering and machinery industry after the outbreak.
The firearms industry as a whole has experienced an up-to-date and low trend, but four quarters of special-purpose debt has been disbursed and one quarter of capital investment projects have been clearly boosted. The National Statistics Office data show that the national fixed-asset investment increased by 9.3 per cent in January-March, and three quarters of the report's performance forecast: mixed transformation has been brought into business.
At the end of March, more than a third of the total amount of $3.6 trillion had been released, the q3 performance for project construction had been kept up fast, and the total amount of the special debt had been released. While construction in China and East is currently affected by the epidemic, it is expected that the epidemic will be under control.
4. Xu Engineering Machinery (000425), 2021: Net profit increases bright, core upgrades are improving, infrastructure is warming up and the engineering and machinery industry is expected to improve marginally.
\triangleright 5.  (000425)           1
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.