On April 15th, 2019, in the list of companies that have been processed, the sound control unit is the only cellular terminal.
Businesses. We focus on audio-control. Audio-controls are centred on cellular terminals, with three main items: tecno, itel and infinix, and sales are concentrated in Africa, South Asia, South-East Asia, the Middle East and South Africa.
Global emerging market countries like the US. In addition, companies are actively implementing a diversified strategic layout, gradually developing digital accessories, home appliances, and mobile Internet services.
In 2018, the company ' s mobile phone delivery reached 7.04%, ranking fourth: in Africa ' s cities, 48.71%, ranking first. According to Africanbusiness, published in June 2018, "the most popular brand for African consumers" is the 100%.
Three of the company's mobile brands, Tecno, itel and infinix, were ranked 7th, 16th and 28th, respectively, and in the 100th of the 100th of the top Chinese brands, of which Tecno was ranked first for many years in a row, and itel was ranked second in China.
The multi-brand strategy covers different consumption groups in Africa, and based on three mobile phone items, the company has created digital accessories brands oraimo, after-sale service brands carlcare and home appliances brands syinix, among others, and has developed its own hios,
Smart terminal operating systems such as Itelos and Xos and independent and appropriate software platforms. Companies are based on indigenous African innovation and user-focused product positioning, and corporate business ecology of mobile Internet services plus home power, digital accessories.
There's still potential for smartphone development in emerging markets. The emerging market cellular industry is lagging behind. In 2018, the total number of mobile phones in emerging markets was 706 million, with $67,403 million.
• Valuation of label companies: companies competing against each other, giants like Samsung and Apples.
It's huge, with mature product lines, strong R & D capabilities, and a good user profile that has long shaped the empire of the mobile phone industry. The consumer sector is highly competitive, companies have distinctive product lines or ecological chains, and valuations vary considerably from one company to another.
We've also chosen to devalue branding companies like lig, conglomerates, Hewlett-Packard, Hua-Soo, etc. in the electronic area of fees, and to exclude some of the micro-interested companies from the average value of ttm-pe equals 17.02 times.
Marketing and branding operations, with three major brands of cell phones: tecno, itel, and infinix, with major regional concentrations in emerging global markets such as Africa, South Asia, South-East Asia, the Middle East, and South America.
The development of digital accessories, home appliances and mobile Internet services has been gradually developed.
Global cellular output grew from 1,718 million in 2011 to 1,891 million in 2018, with volume increasing from $309.4 billion to $495 billion. In 2018, global smartphone output reached 1,406 million, accounting for 74.35 per cent of total global cellular output and $486.1 billion, accounting for 98.20 per cent of total global output.
Emerging-market cellular penetration is expected to reach 70.38% in 2022, with relatively slow growth in the empty sector and potential for cellular development. In 2018, the total volume of mobile phones in emerging-market markets was 706 million, with $67,403 million in deliveries.
Figure 4 shows the volume and volume of some emerging market mobile phones in 2011-2022
Under the guidance of the "One Way" initiative, China’s mobile phone companies have developed emerging markets, using voice-held shares as a proxy for China’s cooperation with Africa and India in infrastructure development in the areas of information and communication.
The table, rooted in local mobile communication terminal brands, will be able to move to a new stage of development with the support of our policies and financial support in countries along the “one-way” route. At the same time, in the process of improving the electronic information industry chain system, we have developed not only a large number of powerful electronic component suppliers and odm, oem, etc.
Machine-designed manufacturing services also produce a large number of highly qualified, experienced researchers and industrial workers, and the leadership and innovation of counter-chainers in areas such as technology provides strong guarantees for mobile branders to compete internationally. Moreover, the demographic dividend in emerging markets, represented by Africa and India, has created a huge surge in demand.
Figure 6. China's share of "-and-a-way" country trade, 2013-2017. 3.
The company was one of the first domestic mobile operators to enter the African region, and for many years it was rooted in the local market and enjoyed the reputation of "the king of Africa" within the industry. From 2016 to 2018, the number of company mobile phone shipments increased from 75,57 million to 12,428 million, with an average annual compound growth rate of 28.24 per cent; sales rose from 11,637 million yuan to 22,646 million yuan.
In 2018, the company’s total share of its mobile phone exports in Africa was 48.71%, and the city’s share was far ahead. In 2018, the company’s total mobile phone exports were ranked fourth in terms of total market share: 6.72% in India, and the company’s operating income has been rising faster in the last three years. In 2018, the company achieved business income of $22,646 million.
The net profit is $654 million. By product, the smart machine earns $15,479 million, or 68.4 per cent, in terms of functional ownership, III. Equity structure and financing history.
Mr. Moejiang, with many years of sedimentation in the area of mobile phones and electronic information, has experienced multiple rounds of equity financing and equity transfer since its inception, with a history of changes in equity as shown in the following graph:
The company applied to be listed on the project board for a total of $3 billion to be raised, mainly for mobile phone manufacturing, mobile Internet system platform construction, etc., and, fourthly, analysis of the label companies and valuation of similar companies.
According to idc data, in 2018, the top five manufacturers ranked in the global full-product mobile market were Samsung (the Korean company listed), Apple (the United States company listed), Hua (unlisted) and Mi (the port stock listed). Of these, the three stars are the leading players in the global mobile market, and in addition to the mobile phone business, Samsung has a variety of consumer electronics, itts and other end products.
Apple dominates the global market for high-end mobile phones, building deep moats with ios and developing content industries. Mi uses mobile phones as a core to build smart hardware ecological chains, and plays an important role in the market for low-end mobile phones in China and in developing countries.
Unlike the international giants, companies focus on emerging markets. The mobile market is highly competitive, with brands and slogans becoming the most important consideration for consumers. The company’s multi-brand strategy covers different consumption groups in Africa, while, on the basis of the three major mobile phones brands, companies create digital accessories brands oraimo, after-sale service brands carlcare and home appliances.
Svinix, among others, has developed its own smart terminal operating systems such as hios, itelos, and Xos, as well as independent and appropriate software platforms. Based on Africa’s home-grown innovation and user-focused product positioning, the business eco-model “Mobile phones plus mobile Internet services plus home accounts, digital accessories” is now in its initial shape.
Since there are no comparable companies in the listed companies that have a product location and exactly the same business model, we have selected three stars, apples, mills, etc., as comparable companies. At the same time, we have chosen to delete the valuations of branded companies like lig, conglomerates, Hewlett-Packard, Hua-Soo, etc. in the electronic area of fees.
The value corresponds to an average of 17.02 times the value of ttm-pe. Companies’ risks include, inter alia, the risk of less than expected demand in the mobile phone industry, the risk of poor expansion of new markets, the risk of technological upgrading, market systemic risks, etc.
Xu Peng: Master of Engineering, June 2013 added to the Hong Kong Bonds. For the six months following the reporting date, the securities have increased or decreased in relation to the 300 index. Qualifications. This report is produced by Hua Peng Securities and is intended only for customers of Chinese securities.
But there is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial position and specific needs of the persons who were taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual to anyone.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial status and specific needs.