China Cube International first covers: China's crystal-crystal-drawn head, the country's most important instrument, growth period, for the first time.
The global semiconductor industry has grown in health for more than 20 miles, and we expect to maintain a 6% compound growth rate over the next five years. If oil is industrially produced blood, semiconductors are electronicly manufactured neural networks. Semiconductor chips have important functions such as computing, storage, connection and transmission, perception, driving control.
China’s policy direction, as well as the risk management and demand preferences of local companies, are expected to be a powerful driving force in China’s semiconductor industry. In particular, China’s Trans-Crystal Generation Industry has raised space for the first time in China’s Trans-Crystal Dragonhead International (981.hk, 688981.ch).
RYAN (Director of the Research Department) China Harbour International (981.hk/688981.ch)
The semiconductor industry supply chain combing: China’s Transmittal Industry has fully enjoyed the industrial landscape and replaced China’s national production by China’s Transmittal Industry Leader, who will benefit fully from the domestic production needs of the semiconductor: as China’s big
By the end of 2022, the company plans to increase the equivalent capacity of 8 inches by 130,000 months. We anticipate a 32% increase in corporate income in 2022, a 10% increase in ebitda profits and a net profit.
So, for the first time, we covered the company, giving a "buy-in" rating. Semiconductor input accelerated the expansion of capacity, laying the basis for long-term growth: the company expected to expand this year with an equivalent of 8 inches of capacity per month, with an increase in capacity compared to last year (about 100,000 units per month).
Yes, of which about 45,000 per month of 8 inch capacity is increased, mainly in Tianjin plant. About 100,000 per month, 40,000 per month, 100,000 per month of 12 inch capacity, or about 540,000 per month, will be built in three crystal mills in Central Harbour, Central Harbour and China Harbour.
This is close to 521,000 units per month of 8 inches equivalent by the end of 2020. As a result, there are clear medium- and long-term capacity expansion plans for Mid-Key International (688981.ch) that guarantee performance growth.
Short-term high-temperature demand is sustained, and long-term localization needs are increased: based on the semiconductor industry, which is about two years old, we expect the current semi-conductor industry to continue into April next year. As a result, Kerosel is still in place in the second half of this year.
The total market value (million yuan) benefits from the supply and demand of the industry.
Car intelligence, and mainland China’s localization needs are all expected to boost the needs of the international downstream customers of the center core, thus providing a demand that matches or even exceeds the expansion of production capacity. Valuation: we use the v/ebitda method for valuation.
In 2022, the ebitda was $4.19 billion, with the Central Hedge International Ports Unit (981.hk) targeted investment risk: the global smartphone and automobile industries recovered at a slower rate than expected; semiconductor industries expanded their production capacity, with the industry having a faster upscaling; and semiconductor industry upstream materials.
Price increases are evident; progress in semiconductor equipment procurement has been hampered; the company’s capacity has expanded too fast.
The current process platform of the center core International includes mature logic platforms, advanced logic platforms, and special process platforms. The main income of the center core international is from mature processes and special process platforms.
The platform covers products ranging from 0.35 μm to 28 nm and is used in the areas of tablet computers, smartphones, backbones and application processors, roof boxes, radio frequencies, cars, smart cards, etc. Special process platforms are used for production simulations, igbt, iot, auto electrons, etc.
In some platforms, such as power management, the center core international has a certain advantage over competitors. At the same time, future medium core inter-process platforms will move in the direction of mcu, driver chips, image sensors, storage, etc.
At the caliber of 8 inch capacity, the crystal-crystal capacity of the center core international has been steadily and steadily promoting the expansion of production capacity from 449,000 pieces in 2019. For the center core international, the production lines of its different processes have some capacity to switch and can be more flexible.
Provides products at different nodes. For example, the line of 28nm nodes can be adjusted to produce 45nm/55nm. This enriches the product of the center core at the end of the supply.
Figure 3: Mid-Key International Technology Representative Application Products Year and 2021, Central-Key International Capital Expenditure amounted to $5.3 billion and $4.3 billion respectively, a significant increase from $1.8-2.8 billion between 2016 and 2019.
The capital expenditure of the company amounts to $870 million. We expect that more capital spending will be concentrated in the second half of the year for the expansion of productive capacity, the plants, the old Beijing plant and the north center core plant. More output expansion will be concentrated in 8 inches (figure 6).
Starting in 2019, the production capacity of CKI at 12 inches began to increase (figure 7 Compatibility of 8 inches of capacity, with CKI producing 521 and 621,000 in months at the end of 2020 and 2021 respectively. In 2021, CKI increased its capacity by about 100,000.
This year's 8-inch capacity is expected to increase by about 45,000 a month, close to last year's increase. These 8-inch capacity will expand mainly at the Tianjin plant, as will the Shenzhen plant, which will increase its capacity, and the Shanghai plant will increase its capacity slightly. The company expects 12 inch capacity this year.
The rapid growth of production capacity provides a strong foundation for the growth of China’s operations. In 2022, the equivalent of 8 inch capacity, we expect a 10% increase in medium core international production over the same period; in real terms, it is off-the-shelf.
At 8 inches, we're expecting a crystal round in 2022 with Pilgrim International, Silver Pilgrim International.
The three crystal mills in Hong Kong, Hong Kong and Kyoto are building their capacity for the next three to five years.
In the medium-to-long term, the center core international has prepared the ground for the expansion of its productive capacity. In 2020 and 2021, the center core international announced the establishment of three crystal mills in the center core city, the center core Shenzhen, and the center core port, with an expected 12 inch capacity of 100,000, 40,000, and 100,000 per month.
A new crystal mill combined with 8 inch capacity of about 540,000 units per month, close to 521,000 units per month at the end of 2020, of which the new city of Beijing is a joint venture with the Executive Council of the Beijing ETC, and the city of Shenzhen in China and Shenzhen in China.
These three new crystal mills are planned both by companies that see the needs of their customers and need to be prepared in advance, and by future new production needs to be guaranteed to a certain extent, as well as by their own performance growth.
So far, the middle core has about $6.7 billion in cash and cash equivalents, and the expansion funds are more than adequate. The middle core is ready to double production over the next three to five years. According to the plan for 3-5 years, the middle core growth has laid the groundwork.
Figure 9: China-King International Kyoto, Ping Hong, Shenzhen New Joint Venture for the next 3-5 years 2020/07: China-Hing International established a joint venture with the China-China Regional Council for Management to focus on the production of integrated circuits of 28 nanometres and above. 2020/12: China-Hing International Bulletin states that Kyoto Integrated Circuit Manufacturing (Beijing) Ltd. (“China-King City”) was established; the scope of operations includes production.
12-inch integrated circuit crystal circle and integrated circuit encapsulation series: technical test: integrated circuit-related technology development, technical services and design services: sales from 2021/02: Central Core International announced the launch of the first phase of the 12-inch crystal factory construction plan, with a planning capacity of 100,000 units per month, scheduled for completion in 2024; two issues depending on customer and market demand.
2021/12: The company announced that China Haring would load in May 2022. 2021/3: China Harbour International announced that a cooperative framework agreement would be concluded with the City of Shenzhen; that the process would focus on 28 nm and above; that the final capacity would be 40 k/month; and that production was expected to take place in 2022.
2021/10: The Shenzhen Hill Investment Promotion Service issued an “Observation on the Selection Programme for the 12-inch Crystal Generation Production Line Apparatus Plant Project”, with the kernel extension project located at 12 inches, 28 nm and above, with a wide-width drive chip and power management chip, etc.; major planning for 55 nm high-pressure screen drive, 0.15 m power-driven power drive and 40/28 nm high-pressure large-screen-drive chip production to show drive, image-senseed microchip production
2021/9: China Harbour International Bulletin states that a joint venture will be established with Shanghai Harbour Management Board to plan the construction of 12 inches of crystal round workers per month. 2021/11: China Harbour International Bulletin states that a joint venture will be established with China Harbour Control, the National Integrated Circuit Fund and the Sea Pilgrims; focus will be on the provision of 28 na.
Integrated circuit crystal round engineering and technical services for the technology nodes of rice and above. 2021/11: expected to come into production in 2023./Pujin International
In 2019, CKI began to produce 14 nmfinfet, including a 710a processing device for Chinese argon. This is the most advanced process for Chinese-continent production, and it is the only way to move the technology node forward.
To 14 nm and finfet crystal-crystal manufacturers. In 2020 and 2021, China Cube International continued to promote research and development at advanced nodes, n+1 and n+2 generations.
On December 18, 2020, the U.S. Department of Commerce ' s Industrial and Security Service (bis) announced the official listing of the center core International in the entity list. This has created difficulties for the center core International in catching up to the advanced process. At present, the center core International has difficulty acquiring part of the advanced process, so it has temporarily slowed down the advanced process.
The speed at which the output expands. Given the current scarcity of advanced production capacity in Mid-Key International, it is easier to maintain full capacity.
Pil-Yin International, there is also a higher demand for mature process capacity, which is mainly used to process information and store data.
It depends mainly on the speed of chip processing, the density of the transistor, and the performance of the power. Each generation of technical nodes, for example, from 14 nm to 7 nm, has a significant reduction in the volume of transistor tubes and an increase in transistor density. This part of the semiconductor process has always been in line with Moore's law.
For example, the smartphone soc (systemonchip, system-level chip) is the most typical advanced-range application scenario and driving force. Unlike the computing chip centred on information processing, the semiconductor elements of numbers, analogies, radio frequency, etc. are in combination.
These semiconductor devices are more wiring designs, special colour materials, and special processes. For example, power manager chips, image sensor chips, power semiconductor chips, etc. are all semiconductor products that require more maturity.
One of the drivers of growth in the size of the semiconductor industry is the rapid growth of various types of smart hardware, such as watches, headphones, etc. So we expect that the demand for semiconductors in mature process processes will also remain constant, from input output point of view, with mature process semiconductors accounting for 73 per cent of the industry.
But it accounts for only 33% of the industry's capital expenditure. At present, the income and profits of the center core are largely derived from mature processes. Adding to the current industry's high profile, we believe that the middle core international maturity process will increase more markedly, and that the input output will be more efficient and more efficient.
I'm looking to raise the profit level of the company.
• The semiconductor industry is in the upper-line cycle, first of all, we think the global semiconductor industry is in the upper-line cycle. By reference to past cycles, the upper-line or lower-line time is about two years (figure 17), we expect the global semiconductor industry to maintain.
The situation is expected to continue until April next year. So, for China Point International, it is expected to continue to enjoy the industry up-to-date dividends until April next. See bottom (figure 18).
Cricket International’s valuation was significantly reduced by more than the industry average (figure 19). After the Cricket International Stock Market, which was driven by profit growth, the company’s market value continued to grow.
In addition to the industry cycle dividend, China and China also have a wider range of downstream products, applications and customers.
. From 0.15 μm to 90 nm, the middle core has layouts for smartphones and cars. From different process platforms, the middle core international also has layout smartphones and car applications in power & simulation platforms and nvm platforms.
At present, there are roughly Heith, high-tech, fpc, and so on, both in China and abroad. First, the performance of the technology industry requires an increase in the demand for silicon content in the long term.
Indirectly related, the demand for wifi chips, power management chips, etc. has long-term growth potential. And the intellectualization of new energy vehicles will also increase the demand for chips, including mcu, power semiconductor devices, etc., as cars become digitized and intelligent.
Second, the connectivity of everything has led to an increase in demand for mobile-centred smart hardware. According to our estimates, by 2025, smart electronics (including cars) other than mobile phones are expected to reach 121% of the size of the mobile phone industry. This will also generate demand-driven growth in the semiconductor sector over the long term.
Third, it is expected that the need for localization needs will smooth down the semiconductor industry’s needs. The process of localization comes mainly from two sources. First, from China’s semiconductor design companies.
The growth of these companies is expected to complement the growth of China-Chole International. Second, it comes from China’s large electronic manufacturing markets, such as smartphones, panels, and manufacturing rules.
As a result, China’s chip manufacturing has considerable local demand space. On the whole, China is expected to benefit from the growth in demand in the downstream semiconductor industry and mainland China.
In addition, the flexible supply capacity of the center core has been reduced from 31.2% to 28.7% of 1q22, allowing more output to be transferred to other more prosperous Pilgrims.
Pilgrim International, Pilgrim International, Spob International, Spob International.
The income and forecast of the center core international is based on a 11% and 19% increase in crystal-crystal output due to the expansion of production capacity in the next two years. At the same time, it is close to the semiconductor industry that we judge.
Figure 24: Medium-core international income and the same ratio Figure 25: Middle-core international income as a percentage of the revenues of its operations
Because the industry has a better view and the company has a better mix of products. We expect that in 2023, the company’s gross product mix could still protect the company against downside risks.
There's room for improvement in cash flow. There's now a high amount of cash and cash equivalents in the middle core, and there's a lot of money in the middle core.
Figure 27: Middle-core international operating costs and operating costs Figure 28: Net profits and net profits of middle-core international versus year-on-year Figure 29: Medium-core international capital expenditure and R & D expenditure
Figure 31: Central Core International Roe Chart 30: Central Core International Free Cash Flows
The recovery of the global smartphone and automobile industry has been slower and slower than expected, dragging off semiconductors, expanding the production capacity of the semiconductor industry and moving down the industry from the top to the bottom.
(b) Progress in the procurement of semiconductor equipment is hampered by slower than expected and output expansion is slower than expected;
The company’s advanced process is affecting the company’s profit performance. Pob international, we're starting with an evaluation projection of the center core using the v/ebitda (business value multiplier).
Under the target valuation, the central core international port unit (981.hk) corresponds to target p1.9x for 2022, which is still significantly below the standard difference of 22.5x below average.
We also use the dcf (discounded cash-flow discount method) valuation method as a 3% long rate. In addition, we assume Wacc (wateredaveragecostofcapital), weighted.
The results of the evaluation are close.
Spdbi's optimism and pessimism scenario-h-share, semiconductor industry resets, drags companies' crystal round prices, expands their output faster and drives income growth faster than basics.
(b) The semiconductor industry continues to move up, leading companies to keep up profits.
The growth of revenue in the Division is slower than in the underlying scenario: the volume of income of companies on smartphones is growing faster, and increased competition in the industry is delaying the performance of the company ' s profitability.
Figure 45: General expectations in the middle core international market
Spdbi's optimism and pessimism scenario -- a share of the company's output expands faster, driving income up faster than basic semiconductor industry, and drags company crystallized prices back down.
The semiconductor industry continues to move up, leading to sustained corporate profits, the acquisition of semiconductor equipment is slower than expected, and the expansion of capacity is slower.
Corporate revenue growth is slower than the underlying scenario; Companies have grown faster in their income volume on smartphones; and increased competition in the industry has held up company profitability performance.
Pilgrim Silver International, Pilgrim International, Spob International
Ping-Bing International, Ping-Bing International, Ping-Bing International, Appendix: Detailed description of the medium core international technology platform
Figure 55: The China-Crystal International Process Platform details the first coverage of the China Rainbow Semiconductor (1347.hk): the multi-platinum process promotes long-term growth of the company
The company’s supply and demand are both strong and positive: the China Rainbow semiconductor is a relatively rare-ranked crystal circle in China. At the supply end, the company provides a variety of special process platforms, including logical & radio frequency, power semiconductor, etc.. The company produces 12 inches of tinless crystal round.
It is expected to expand from 65,000 units per month by the end of 2021 to 95,000 units by the end of 2022. At the demand end: customers in various platforms of the company have higher demand for new orders. So, against a background of both demand and supply, we expect that the income and profits of the China Rainbow semiconductor will be split in 2022.
Don't grow 14% and 9% and increase at a higher rate. From the valuation, China benefits from a prodigious approach to high-end manufacturing policies, such as semiconductors, which we believe are expected to follow China’s semiconductor industry. So, for the first time, it covers the company, giving a “buy-in” rating.
The rise in the semiconductor industry is driving up short-term prices, and the improvement in the corporate product mix is expected to support long-term unit price increases: first, the semiconductor industry is in a state of upswing. More firms will still have room for price increases next year, and we expect this trend to continue.
By the end of the year, the China Rainbow Semiconductor will also benefit fully from this trend. The Māori rate can be maintained at a higher level between the price of the company's crystal round and the price of the unit. We believe that the company's high profile can be sustained throughout the next year, so that the overall recovery next year will continue to boost downstream demand.
Companies are also working to improve their existing product mix. Especially when they come out of a 12-inch circle, companies can boost high-unit, high-morigin products from long-term prices.
The demand for intelligence is expected to boost the automobile industry semiconductor significantly. Ihsmarkit predicts that the automobile semiconductor industry will grow at a combined rate of 10% over the next few years.
In the long run, the car semiconductor chip is expected to be the basis for the company's growth. Valuation: we're first using the v/ebitda (business value multiplier) to estimate the rainbow. We're predicting that the ebitda is $8.85 billion in 2022, the target.
ev/ebitda's 7.3x, near the nearest average. And finally, we get a HK$34.7 investment risk: the global smartphone and automobile industries are recovering at a slower rate and to a lesser extent than expected, dragging off semiconductor industry demand; semiconductor industries are expanding their production capacity faster and industry is more dynamic.
(b) The procurement of semiconductor equipment has been hampered and slower than expected; and the capacity of companies has expanded too fast, leading to higher depreciation and higher costs.
The main focus of the China Rainbow Semiconductor is on semiconductor-specific processes.
Releases, especially this year's rapid release of capacity, essential to the company's infrastructure at the end of supply, have reached 65,000 units per month by the end of 2021, and the company expects to expand to 95,000 units per month by the end of the year.
Rows, thus laying the foundation for long-term growth of companies. The no-silk circle plant is concentrated on six main platforms: Logic & Mixed Signal & Radio Frequency: Mixed signals include analogue and digital circuits, downstream reaction
Using mobile communications, bluetooth, radar detection, radio systems, etc.; using the most common mobile phone applications, for example, mixed signals can transform speech (simulating signals) into digital signals, retransform to radio frequency signals; the advantage of a rainbow is that it covers 200 mm crystals.
All advanced process nodes supported by the proxy, the client does not need to change the design to reduce production Embedded non-lossy memory (envm): the neon envm process platform contains embedded flash, electro-refractable programming read-only memory (eeprom) and a programming exercise
/ Multiple programming memory (eotp/mtp), which meets the needs of the client for different applications, should be used downstream for various smart cards, microcontrols, system control chips, etc.; the company envm, as one of the main components of mcu, can be used for the long-term layout of mcu products.
Noorflash: One of the flash chips (the flash chip includes noorflash and nadflash), which is currently driven by the fast-growing downstream areas of 5g network construction, tws headphones, teleworking, etc.
bcd: Bipular-cmos-dmos, a one-simple integrated process technique that can produce bipolar, cmos and dmos devices on the same chip, which is faster this year.
Serving domestic and overseas customers. Cis sensors: full bipolar-cmos-dmos, contact image sensors, downstream masters connected to mobile phones, consumption, computers, security, automobiles, industry, etc.
Power semiconductors: downstream applications include, inter alia, consumer electronics, cars, industry, and the capacity of the semiconductor to produce 18,000 pieces of monthly production by the end of 2021, including the igbt, the superlink, the high pressure, and, in the case of technology patents, the fast-track access of the rainbow to the brother company Shanghai Hua Li through patent authorization.
Support. The guaranteed mass production process saves time for research and development. It guarantees the quality of semiconductor products and enhances potential profit margins.
Figure 58: China Rainbow Semiconductor Crystal Production
Pui Ying International, the semiconductor industry continues to stay up, pushing the company forward, and the semiconductor industry continues to be up.
In the industry section above, we mention that the semiconductor sector is cyclical, and the industry is now in the cyclical phase of moving up, with a higher climate. This is mainly due to the rapid outbreak of the new energy automobile industry, which has led to tight production capacity across the industry.
We believe that the global semiconductor industry is in the upper cycle. Looking at the past few cycles, up or down for about two years, we expect the global semiconductor industry to maintain a high profile until April next year.
Based on research and a combination of industry demand, we believe that by the end of this year, and even early next year, the semiconductor industry as a whole will remain in a state of tight productivity. As a result, the China-Ion semiconductor is quite abundant.
And car semiconductor production takes longer to mitigate than mobile phones. So, throughout the year, the crystallized unit price of the China-Ion semiconductor will be better supported by the high temperature of the semiconductor industry.
In the medium-to-long term, the rainbow semiconductor is moving towards a more advanced 40nm process, and there is considerable room for optimizing the product mix. So, we think that the China rainbow semiconductor will have a better buffer when the industry moves into the downward cycle in 2023 and 2024, even if it maintains its crystal round unit price.
At the moment, the unit price of the 12-inch crystal mill is about $1,000. We expect the long-term unit price of the 12-inch crystal round in the public domain to reach $1,300.
Prominent demand for a pop-up international automobile semiconductor is expected to drive the company for the long term, with the outbreak of new-energy cars, the automobile industry, especially new-energy cars, and cars.
The demand for digitization and intelligence has increased considerably. We expect that China will sell 3.15 million and 4.67 million vehicles in 2021 and 2022, a 152% and 48% increase, corresponding to 45%. So, according to ihsmarkit, the global semiconductor industry in the automobile industry will be from 2020 to 2020.
We believe that new energy vehicles are expected to quickly close to their mobile phones. Even, in a very short time, the computational performance of a bicycle, or the primary chip, will exceed that of a single cell phone owner, in addition to providing the computing chip required for intelligence, the new energy vehicle will be used for mcu, igbt, etc.
There has also been a significant increase in the demand for chips for entertainment sounding, mechanical control, voltage current conversion. These car chips don't need to be advanced, and the supply conditions for the Quasi Rainbow Semiconductor are small.
. For example, a 0.13 μm embedded flash product from a rainbow can be used for car entertainment e=ihsmarkit predicts chart 69: the layout of a rainbow semiconductor car product
Figure 70: China Rainbow Seven Production Platform Expansion Project
We expect that in 2022 and 2023, 8 inches and 12 inches of income growth will be lower than in the last two years, but the overall growth activity will remain relatively high.
Eight inch crystal mills will be largely full and the harvest will remain stable.
The profits and projections of the rainbow semiconductor, Pui Ying International, Chart 74: The profits of the rainbow semiconductor and the Māori rate.
Figure 75: China Rainbow Semiconductor Operating Costs and Operating Cost Ratio Figure 76: China Rainbow Semiconductor Net Profit and Net Profit Ratio Figure 77: China Rainbow Semiconductor Capital Expenditure and R & D Expenditure
Figure 78: Free cash flow of the rainbow semiconductor
The global smartphone and automobile industries are recovering at a slower and less than expected rate, dragging semiconductor rows The semiconductor industry is expanding its production capacity faster and the industry is experiencing a faster upswing; The upstream materials in the semiconductor sector are rising significantly, dragging corporate profitability;
Progress in the procurement of semiconductor equipment has been hampered, and is slower than expected; The company’s capacity has expanded too fast, leading to higher depreciation and higher costs. First, we use the v/ebitda (business value multiplier) to estimate rainbows.
We also used dcf (discovered cash-flow discount method) as a method of valuation for the year 2022 in pessimistic, underlying and optimistic scenarios of v/ebitda.
Reference comparison. We assume 17 per cent growth and 3 per cent permanent growth in 2027-2030 for the Rainbow Semiconductor. Also, we assume that wacc (wateredaveragecostofcapital, won) is close to the results of the evaluation of the ev/ebitda.
Pilgrim International, Pilgrim International, pessimistic and pessimistic scenarios
Figure 88: China Rainbow Semiconductor Spdbi scenario Pessimism scenario (at 25% probability) • Semiconductor industry climate overturns and drags company crystallized prices
(b) Increases and profits:
The semiconductor industry continues to move up, leading companies to profit-taking • semiconductor equipment is being procured slower than expected, output expansion is slower and corporate revenue growth is slower than the underlying scenario:
The motor vehicle semiconductor is growing faster in terms of revenue.
Pil-Yin International, Pil-Yin-Yin International, Pil-Yin-Yin International
Pilgrim International, Porbic International, Pilgrim International, Appendix: Detailed description of the China Rainbow Semiconductor Platform
Chart 96: Detailed presentation of the Bipular-cmos-dmos in English on a single integration technology for bipolar, cmos and dmos devices on the same chip. bcd technology.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
All information is collected and circulated to anyone in this report. No person may use any information in this report for other purposes. This report is only prepared for the purpose of providing information and cannot be interpreted as a purchase or sale.
You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters, and you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any transaction covered by this report. The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal, or any financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. In addition to a presentation of historical data, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and limited to significant risks and uncertainties.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Bing’s international securities. Pil-Bing International Holdings Ltd. and its associated companies, associated departments (collectively “Pu-Bing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold the securities of the companies described in this report or related to them, and may from time to time buy or sell them.