What is the more obvious reason for the decline in corporate profitability?
The downside is less than the Māori rate, which absorbs some of the pressure mainly through internal efficiency optimization, and the management cost rate of 21q2 - 0.56 ptt.
Do you think it will be affected by a strong layout tob business, toc-end business? \triangleright, toc-end power business, has always kept industry in the lead, and some product class advantages have continued to grow.
The U.S. 21h1 air conditioner has increased its full-channel market share, accounting for 37.6 and 36.5 per cent, respectively, and is top-notch, with many traditional kitchen mini-electrics also leading the market.
Colmo, Internet brands, and young brands, which meet the needs of multi-level consumers, generated more than $1.55 billion in business income in the first half of the year, close to $3.5 billion in total revenue, an increase of more than 150% in the same year, and 48% in the same year in the same year.
In the first half of the year, companies established a global breakthrough strategy with the United States, Brazil, Germany, Japan, and ASEAN as breakthroughs, adding more than 18,000 new overseas branding outlets in the first half of the year, with 500 joint regional promotions. On the Japanese market, there are significant synergies in the integration of Toshiba power.
For the Toc business, the company insists on changing around the goal of “user-composite experience number one”, the annual report outperforms expectations, q1.
Optimize user demand insight, help improve decision-making on products, operations, after-sales, and provide consumers with a better home-based experience. We think the company chooses the b-plus-c end double-wheel drive, constantly optimising the product.
Cards, channel strategies, and in the future, will maintain the status of the global leader of home-based enterprises and further improve the operations of the city, Kuka, and can it be continued in the future?
The United States adheres to the tob business parallel to the toc business model, promoting tob business layouts, cindasecuitiesco., ltd 21h1 CK sales revenue + 30.9 per cent per annum, order size + 52.2 per cent, Kuka China increase
Building No. 1 of 9 Downtown West Side, Beijing, is faster, with sales revenues of €262 million, compared to +97.2 per cent. The major improvement in Kuka's operations is not a one-time improvement, but is due in essence to its role as the world's dragon-head manufacturer of robotics.
With a deep technological accumulation, the United States, after acquiring the cards, takes advantage of its industry to open up the Chinese market and, through its own digital platform, consolidates the cards, deepens marketing changes, and focuses on industry applications to attract more customers.
It is the inevitable direction for future manufacturing development, and Kuka, as an industrial robot, continues to drive overseas business development and expands the domestic market space through American platforms, with great future success. Is there room for improved corporate efficiency? How can corporate governance mechanisms be evaluated?
\triangleright overall, beauty has been focused on improving internal efficiency for years, continuously increasing efficiency through mechanisms like \t+3 \, a plate of goods, but it has not stopped optimizing its pace.
Motivating intelligence-driven strategies to strengthen the digital platform within the group, connecting different business systems to major data enablers; at the retail end, firms further deepen their access reforms, and “horizontal” + “vertical” push efficiency accelerates. We therefore believe that there is room for further improvements in corporate efficiency in the future.
On August 30, 2021, U.S. subsidiaries and U.S. intellectuals launched a diversified employee-holding scheme, with a proposed partnership platform covering corporate executives and subsidiaries.
Corporate core management and technology teams, cadres of employees, and other global partners in the United States. The company’s diversified employee-holding scheme demonstrates its confidence in its business development and inspires its core workforce.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we expect corporate income for 21-23 years to be risk factors: constant price increases for raw materials, recurrent epidemics that have stagnated sales production, overseas markets that are not as open as expected, tob operations that are not as open as expected, etc.
I: Income analysis: performance against expectations, steady growth of overseas operations Sub-operations show a more stable share of corporate business income, with 21H1 heating air conditioning, consumer appliances and robotics and automated systems accounting for 43.70/37.16/7.20 per cent of corporate business income, respectively.
+29.28/+19.61 In terms of the share of domestic and foreign operations, 21h1 shows a slight increase from the share of domestic operations in the same period last year, with the share of U.S. electricity suppliers remaining above 45% during the reporting period, the convergence between the acceleration line and the offline market, the acceleration of cross-border electricity vendors for overseas market companies, and the attainment of 150% of business income at Amazon Plateday.
In terms of market share, many of the products of the United States are ranked first in the market. Air conditioning is 21h1. The overall market share of the channel is clearly higher, with the industry ranked first, 37.6 and 36.5%, respectively. The United States also has a leading market share in traditional kitchens, mini-electrics, electric cookers, electric heaters, electromagnetizers, kettles, etc.
Second, profit-making: short-term pressure at the profit end, influenced by higher prices of raw materials such as copper and steel, US manufacturing costs, and a slight decline in Māori levels.
The Māori ratio was 23.23%, down from 23.33-6.25pt q2 Māori in 20/19, which was 23.43% Māori in 20/19, a decline in the same year. Corporate management cost rates have stabilized slightly, some of which reflect an increase in internal operating efficiency. Net interest rates have declined and profitability has declined slightly. q2 net profit levels were 9.47%, compared to the same period in 20/19.
III. Analysis of the operating situation: good cash flow, improved operating liquidity, potential for future income growth, and positive reserve for raw materials. 21h1 end-of-year corporate monetary funds + transactional financial assets totalled $67.65 billion, or +24.14 per cent, and receipts and receivables totalled $33.44 billion, or the same amount
+6.72 per cent, reflecting a better ability to generate income growth; the company ' s operating cycle to respond to the long-term increase in the price of raw materials has been significantly shortened and its operating efficiency has improved.3 Cash flow is in good condition. 21h1 net cash flow generated by its operations is $20.176 billion, compared with the previous year
iv. Toc+tob double-tracking, kuka entering business improvement phase 1, diversified brand development, deeper channel reform, companies continuing the “customer-centred” strategic change, and a diversified brand product mix.
At the same time, the company uses a multi-brand model to meet the needs of a multi-level consumer group through high-end colmo, Internet brands and young brands, and so on. First half of the year, colmo.
Business income exceeded $1.55 billion, overall revenue was close to $3.5 billion, an increase of more than 150% in the same year, the same growth in the Bública harvests, a steady increase in overseas markets, and the share of autonomous brands. In the first half of the year, companies set up a global breakthrough strategy with the United States, Brazil, Germany, Japan, and ASEAN as breakthrough points, adding more than 18,000 new overseas branding outlets in the first half of the year.
500 joint regional promotional campaigns. On the Japanese market, Toshiba has grown by 10% in the same year, six major product markets have a share of more than 12%, and the Toshiba electricity business now covers more than 70 countries and territories.
In the first half of the year, the Division produced a similar ratio of sales of air conditioners/refrigerates to +29/+37%, and the global market was 42/15%.
In addition to the traditional home power business, the company's mythology about the layout of the core parts of the new energy vehicle, the three product lines of the U.S.-driven system, the heat management system and the auxiliary autopilot system were fully operational in May 21 and five car parts were released. The Department of Heating and Building was focused on building the urban architecture smart ecology, and the U.S.A.A.A. domestic market rate was US$ 1.
Figure 11: US$ 21h1 compressor, electric power market ratio
+52.2%, with sales revenues of Euro262 million, compared with Euro97.2%, and the number of new opportunities increased by almost 50% on the same basis. In addition to maintaining Kuka’s advantage in the traditional car sector, the country has also significantly increased its share of orders for electricity, machinery, arcs, lasers, etc., by more than 180% in the first half of the year.
The major improvements in Kuka’s operations are not a one-off event, but are due in essence to its deep technological accumulation as the world’s robotic leader, and its strong technological advantages in industrial simulation, medical, and automobile industries. After buying the cards, the beauty, while taking full advantage of its industrial advantages, opens China’s markets through its own digitalization.
In terms of industry trends, industrial robots are the inevitable direction for future manufacturing development, while Kuka, as a leading industrial robot, continues to drive offshore business development and expands domestic market space through American platforms, with great potential for growth in the future.
There is still room for improvements in corporate efficiency, and stockholding plans have generated enthusiasm among staff 1. Deepening implementation channels, digitalizing reforms, and efficiency gains are still very much within range. 1) The company was the first to improve its efficiency by “t+3” for sales, on-line goods, etc., and is now on-line.
Step-by-step reform of channels, “horizontal” plus “vertical” boosts efficiency. On the one hand, the U.S., in the course of direct retail transformation, constantly pushes the down-line channel “vertical efficiency ups”, and more than 90% of the U.S. retailers can place a direct order to the U.S. and initially achieves the agent-operator transition goal, making U.S. stock levels on the whole.
Optimization, with a 20% reduction in the ratio of savings. On the other hand, the company’s internal sales operations have reached out to the various ministries, set up a working mind, promoted a deep cross-species synergy in end-sales, and promoted horizontal synergy in order to ensure consistency in the user’s experience vis-à-vis its customers.
2) Deepen the intelligence-driven strategy and insight into client needs. 21h1 iot changes around the goal of "user-comprehensive experience number one" and continuously upgrades the intellectual user experience, while providing better user services and operations through insight into bottom user data, enhancing user stickyness and loyalty, thereby effectively supporting data-based business decision-making. 21h1 user body
The measurement indicator nps is 12% higher than last year, with more than 80 million registered members. The beauty app has accumulated 37 million households. 3) Group-level digitalization has increased the competitiveness of firms in the digital age.
A computerized data flow system and decision-making system, which, in the future, will provide further analytical strategies and product perception capabilities as the volume of data expands and data analysis capabilities continue to improve; in addition, a domestic digital system can promote enabling capabilities for firms ' overseas markets, thereby increasing the efficiency and profitability of overseas operations.
Overall, production operations have consistently promoted smart-driven strategies to strengthen intra-group digital platforms, connecting different business systems for large-scale data empowerment; at the retail end, firms have further deepened their access reforms, and “horizontal” + “vertical” push efficiency gains have accelerated. Thus, we believe that there is room for future improvements in corporate efficiency.
Long-term incentives, diversification of stock holding schemes to bind employees, executives, and the United States to a well-developed equity incentive to tie company growth and core management teams over the long term. As of 21h1, the company had launched eight stock options incentive schemes, five restricted equity incentives, four business partnership equity schemes and seven.
On August 30, 2021, two US subsidiaries, the United States-based Syndicate and the American-American-Technology-Technology-Technology Foundation, launched a scheme for diversified employee holding. The proposed partnership platform covers company executives, company core business management and technology teams, cadres, and the United States.
The company’s diversity of employee ownership plans highlights the firm’s faith in its business development and inspires the company’s core workforce. Table 2: US subsidiaries’ diversity of employee ownership schemes
In July 2020, we joined the CSVC in a non-relationship, non-relationship, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.