On February 27, Qingdao Haile announced a joint venture with Ali Baba to invest in Hale multimedia, a subsidiary of the Heir Group that carries out television research and development, marketing and after-sales services. According to the announcement, Qingdao Haile and Alibaba will contribute RMB 525 million and $657 million, respectively, by purchasing shares from existing shareholders.
When the deal is completed, the Heil Group will remain the largest shareholder of the Heard media (through its subsidiary Hale PV), with a share of 50.51%, Alibaba and the Qingdao Sea, an investment that marks the Qingdao Hale building its u+ Smart Living Ecosystem.
The company considers television to be an important traffic entrance, and plans to provide more services and content based on television platforms. In the year, Ali Baba invested HK$2.8 billion in Heir, a Hong Kong company listed on Qingdao Heil, to open both.
Cooperation in the field of e-commerce and logistics. 3) According to the disclosure, the net profit for Heir multimedia in 2016 was RMB 113 million, while our net profit forecast for Qingdao Sea in 2016 was RMB 4,846 million.
The media industry has grown, and the future Hale group may choose to inject some of its assets into Qingdao Haile.
Business relationships exist and continue to wait to develop them. Therefore, investors should take into account possible conflicts of interest that may affect the objectivity of this report and should not consider information, see appendix to the disclosure of information, or contact your investment representatives.
Figure 2: After completion of the transaction, Ali Baba and Qingdao Haile will be the second and third largest shareholders in the stock structure after completion of the transaction (%)
We, Ijian, Liao, cfa, hereby affirm that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal perceptions of the companies or their securities. Moreover, any part of our salaries is irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Both returns and valuation multipliers are calculated using a combination of several methods to determine the unit’s percentage ranking within the area’s research industry. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary depending on the financial year, industry, and region, but the standard method is as follows: Growth is a combination of next year’s projections with current years’ projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income.
The valuation multiples are calculated on the basis of the expected annual valuation ratios, such as a market surplus, a dividends return, av/fcf, av/ebitda, av/dacf, a net market rate. Volatility is calculated on the basis of 12 months of historical volatility and adjusted for dividends.
Quantum is a highly specialized database that provides specific financial statement data history, projections, and ratios, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm, or for comparisons between firms in different industries and markets. gssustain gssustain is a relatively stable global investment strategy focused on making long-term multi-recommended recommendations. gssustain is concerned about what we consider to be a continuous competitive advantage over global counterparts and an excellent capital return.
Our screening of leading companies is based on a quantitative analysis of the cash returns on cash investments, the position of the industry and the level of management (effectiveness of corporate governance in managing the environmental, social and corporate governance problems facing the industry). Cfa: a-shareconsumerurables, a share of media, a share of food beverages, and Chinese consumer goods.
a-shareconsumerdurables: Grail Electrics, American Group, Qingdao Haile.a A share of food drinks: Gui Goon, Yoo River shares, Guotai, Chenzhou cellar, Qing Qing Qing Qing, Shanxi wine, Qingji Island beer (a), five grain fluids.a A share of media: Aufi Recreation, Light Media, Goehua cable, Huashubana, Blue Lights, South-China Media, Division Media, Guangzhou Associates, Hua Soo Brothers, imax China, Phoenix Media, Music Network, Orient Ming Ju,
China’s consumer goods: Ying Yuan, Light milk industry, modern livestock industry, Huayun entrepreneurship, Montagnard milk industry, Master Kang’s shareholdings, Qingjia beer (h), Unified Enterprise, Wangwang China, Wanzhou International, and Ili’s shares.
Goldman Sachs is expected to receive or seek compensation for investment banking services over the next three months from the following companies: Qingdao Hale (rmb10.91) Goldman Sachs has had an investment bank client relationship with the following companies over the past 12 months: Qingdao Hale (rmb10.91) Company rating, research industry and related definitions
Manages the list of investments in the region, but the distribution of purchase and sale ratings in a particular industry may vary according to the decisions of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee.
Less than the historical fundamentals and/or valuations of the scope of the study. Suspension of ratings (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of a sufficient basis for determining investment ratings or price targets, or legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the issuance of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, if any, would no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Suspension of research (cs): We have suspended the company.
No research (nc): We did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. No (nm): this information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report. This report is distributed in China by High China Securities.