q4 losses were significantly narrower on the same basis, and profitability improved.
(+18.04%), clean-energy generators are formed into production, and companies are growing their revenues. Since coal prices were still high in 2022, and companies had a high proportion of coal machines installed, the company lost overall in 2022 Research Assistant: Sojibin
q4 has improved profitability and the level of cost control has improved. In 2022, the company ' s Māori ratio was an improvement in the profitability of q4 companies. On the cost side, the q4 company ' s financial cost was 3.54 per cent, a decrease of 0.38 percentage points, and the management cost was 3.04 per cent, a decrease of 0.05 percentage points.
The gradual fall in coal prices has helped companies to improve their performance. In recent years, the country has adopted a series of cost-sustainability policies, such as increased coverage by the Association and improved monitoring of the implementation of long-term contracts for coal.
Inspections are expected to promote a gradual fall in coal prices to the reasonable range specified in document 303. As of the end of 2022, the company had a controlled installed capacity of 127228 megawatts, of which coal-fired generators were installed at a capacity of 73.93% and coal-fired machines at a relatively high capacity.
Corporate innovation includes (1) the achievement of an international leader in “Liquid Slag boiler-all high-alkali coal technology”: (2) completion of 700°C high.
The main R & D tasks of the Temperature Materials, Flame Autonomy Project resulted in more than a dozen technological breakthroughs; (3) energy-saving technologies in the deep peaking process have been tested and engineering demonstrations started. Through continuous innovation, 264 inventions were patented, 4,357 new practical patents and 113 international patents were awarded in 202.
Research reports, “positive” investors are only suitable to use a study with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk” and “radical” investors are suitable to use all categories of our Division who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment consultancy, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, in a diligent and professional manner, and are known independently and objectively.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them for publication.