In-depth reports from non-banking financial listings, brokers' carriers, kings' returns, events: China Galaxy Securities Co. Ltd., short for shares.
“China Galaxy”, security code: 601881, 2016. For more studies, please visit Shanxi Securities Homepage.
(a) Realizing operating income of $24,924 million, with a market share of 4.33 per cent;
Contributions are over 90%, which is an absolute advantage. Corporate agents are ranked fourth and third in terms of net revenue from sales of securities for the sixth consecutive year since 2008.
As at 30 June 2016, the company had 360 stock exchanges in 31 provinces, self-government areas and municipalities, with a total of approximately 8,258.8 million clients in the public sector.
During the second half of the year, the company strengthened its controls on the level of commission, actively moved to wealth management, managed business, tried to upgrade client service, and made a fall in commission.
It is fast becoming a new profit growth point. Self-employed and other securities trading companies are all involved in the following first publicly available projects with the top ten levels of financing in our securities market.
Bonds in the industry accumulated $293,779 million, ranking first in the industry. Bonds kept industry at the forefront for a long time.
Completion of exit) and three claims-type investment projects (three of which have been completed), covering manufacturing, consumer goods, communications, culture, mining and real estate.
The company was registered in Hong Kong in February 2011 to establish a Galaxy International Holdings. Since its inception, the Galaxy International Holdings have acquired, through their controlling subsidiaries, the requirements to provide diversified financial securities services in Hong Kong.
In the future, Galaxy international holdings will play their full role in connecting capital markets, both within and outside the country, to make it possible for our domestic customers to "go out" and international customers to "go in" them.
Competitive advantages: unique historical, brand and shareholder background advantages: number of clients and size of hosting assets: leading wind control systems Advantages: highly experienced and market-oriented hiring mechanisms.
Incident: China Galaxy Securities Co. Ltd. (Cold "China Galaxy", Securities Code: 601881) approved by the CSR on 7 December 2016 for initial issuance of 1.1.a+h Stock Exchanges, as instructed by the State Council
Founded in January 2007, with the approval of the Council of State, the China Galaxy Securities Company Ltd. is the public department controlled by Galaxy gold for limited investment in Qinghua Technology & Technology in Beijing, Chongqing Water Control (Governance Group) Ltd., and the China General Technologies (GTT) Group.