Health insurance negotiations continue to promote the use of innovative medicines. Health insurance negotiations are initiated by the national production of innovative medicines.
The company has 12 innovative medicines on the market, and eight are already in health care. This round of health insurance negotiations has three market prices, Dar Silly, Jungle, Rivirum, and 38.45 yuan.
New products, as well as a number of new adaptive conditions in pd-1, pd-deleni, and Reimaa-Lom, are reviewed in the form of health-care negotiations, which are expected to begin with accelerated release in 2023. Innovative drug research and development tubes are deep, and the arc technology platform is breaking out.
Innovative drug research and development to build a deep and innovative line of medicine, with five companies now in the Nda 1. Ring performance improvement, four quarters of which are expected to hit the catch-up point -- Hen Swe Medicine III, and more than 10 in the 111th phase of innovation, late stages of the line
Quarterly Review, 2022.10.30 The number of products is much higher than that of other innovative pharmaceutical companies in the country.
Three or more of these innovations are marketed each year. The company's technology platform, the street product shr-a1811, is already clinically iii. There are now eight adc candidates.
A fifth batch involves more than 4 billion company stock products, starting with 2021q4, and the company’s performance is clearly under pressure. The seventh batch involves public consumption.
The size of the Division’s products has been significantly reduced, estimated to be about 30% of the fifth batch, and the overall collection pressure has been significantly reduced. Of the large variety of generic pharmaceutical stocks that companies have not yet collected, only heptafluoroalkanes and carpofens for injection are currently fully eligible for national collection, and a follow-up collection is expected.
The impact will be further downgraded. Simulation of internationalization in combination with two wheels. In terms of innovation, the company pd-1 United Appa Terney has completed 111 international treatments for first-line liver cancers and is expected to be submitted to the United States in 2023.
Application. For generic pharmaceuticals, the company ' s platinum injection fluids, iodized gramsal injection fluids, platinol injection fluids have been marketed this year for fda, and the internationalization process holds a profit projection, valuation and rating.
Innovative drug research and development risks, product declaration risks, poor health-care negotiations, increased competition leading to sales below expectations, risk collection, internationalization processes below expectations, loss of core personnel risks.
Health insurance negotiations have continued to promote the use of innovative medicines. Health insurance negotiations have opened up the use of innovative medicines. The Chinese health insurance system, which will be participating in the health insurance negotiations by the end of 2022, has evolved over the years and has gradually moved from 2017 to the construction of a Chinese-specific health-care system.
In 2018, the National Health Insurance Institute was set up. After 2018, the country gradually established a mechanism for adjusting the health-care system.
Since 2017, a large number of innovative pharmaceutical products have been negotiated for inclusion in the national health-care catalogue. The price of health-care negotiations has fallen considerably over the years, with the average price of health-care negotiations falling by 62% in 2021.
As a result, we believe that the negotiations on health insurance remain a key milestone in achieving the release of innovative medicines. Chart 1: Growth in sales after the introduction of national health insurance.
Total sales of medicines negotiated in health insurance 2017 Total sales of medicines negotiated in health insurance 2018 Total sales of medicines negotiated in health insurance 2019
In September 2022, the National Health Insurance Institute published the List of declared medicines for the 2022 National Basic Health Insurance, Occupational Injury Insurance and Maternity Insurance List, which was reviewed in the form of a review. A total of 343 medicines met the conditions for the declaration of this health catalogue. A formal review was adopted, including 198 non-catalog drugs reviewed in the form and 145 in the catalogue.
The next step will be to qualify for expert review and subsequent negotiations or competitive bidding. A total of 11 products are reviewed in the form of domestic firms with the largest number of medicines, after Nova, the same number as Pfizer.
Depressant Dalcillides, sglt2 inhibitor sulfonic sulfonic septide, arpressant Riviluam tablets: with three other innovative new adaptive drugs: pd-1 for Karelill single, her2 for marzipanic acid, nicos and salivants for meds, and it is expected that next year, after this year's health-care negotiations, the company will innovate.
In addition, the company has three new approved exclusive generic pharmaceutical products and two exclusive generic pharmaceutical products in the health insurance catalogue that will be involved in the current round of health insurance negotiations or renewals. Riviramine has an adaptive advantage.
Male hormone receptor (ar) inhibitors can be used to control prostate cancer by disrupting the combination of male hormones and ar. Prostate cancers are so dependent that male hormone testosterone, such as testosterone, is associated with serum hormone eggs in the blood cycle.
White (shbg) and protein are transported to target tissues, such as prostates, and through 5-α-retoxin enzymes converted to dihydrogen testosterone (dht) into prostate cells, replacing thermoseptic proteins (hsps) with the male hormone receptor (ar), the n-end of the drivear interacts with the c-end to integrate importin-α protein into the cell core, reposition to the cell core, di-combined and integrated.
In the target gene activation sub-region, the male hormone reaction element (are), such as the prostate-specific antigens (psa) and tmprss2, promotes the expression and thus the growth and survival of the cells. Ar inhibitors block the integration of the male hormones with the aar through internal sources, thereby inhibiting the normal activation of the ar signal circuit to the purpose of treating prostate cancer.
Chart 4: Ar pharmacologically active prostate cancer is one of the most common types of cancer in the male population. Prostate cancer starts with healthy cellular development in the prostate, changes and loses control, and eventually develops into tumours. Risk factors that can lead to prostate cancer include: brca1 and/or
The global cancer statistics report published by the WHO International Agency for Research on Cancer in February 2021 shows that new global developments are occurring in 2020.
In January of that year, the National Cancer Centre published the latest morbidity and mortality rates for malignant tumours in the country for 2015, of which 72,000 were neoplasms in the prostate, with a morbidity rate of 1023/10 million, ranking 6th in the case of malignant tumours in males; 31,000 deaths, with a mortality rate of 436 per 100,000, ranking 10th in the case of malignant tumours in males.
The number of prostate cancer cases will increase from 115,000 in 2020 to 17,000 in 2030, and the annual compound rate of growth is close to that of prostate cancer, which, according to the stage of development of prostate cancer, can be classified as restricted prostate cancer, transgenic hormone-sensitive prostate cancer (mhspc) and transhumant prostate cancers (mcrpc). Transferred prostate cancer is a serious effect.
In Europe and the United States, only 5 to 6 per cent of new prostate cancers occur during the advanced stage of major diseases, compared to 54 per cent in the country.