Performance is growing steadily, and the Great Health Strategy is moving forward - mid-2017.
During the first half of the year, performance remained stable, sales costs increased considerably, sales costs grew faster and the Māori rate slightly increased.
In the first half of the year, the company ' s income from the sale of industrial plates was $4,976 million, a year-on-year increase in income structure (2017h1)
Development of services to effectively consolidate the advantages of existing channels and to explore synergies between off-line retail pharmacy operations, pharmacies, online drug sales, etc., with stocks compared to depth of 300 in the last six months of the first half of the year.
In the first six months of the year, companies have been market-oriented in terms of consumer demand, accelerating the deployment of a healthy new product platform. While the drug plate continues to strengthen its treatment product layout, it is promoting the growth of consumer demand for pharmaceutical consumer goods.
For example, the Ministry of Health and Production has been working on the development and promotion of products of the nursing industry, such as steam eye masks.
On the basis of these products, a wide range of products and services have been developed, including through autonomous research and development, and an integrated, holistic system of personal health care has been created.
First reported date: 24 August 2017 Development of the chain of production of Chinese medicinal products with three main product platforms, such as healthy breeding products for easy and Chinese medicinal products.
In June of this year, the company’s controlling shareholder’s white-drug holdings introduced a new strategic investor, Jiangsu, with a former white-property-equity structure of 45% of the State Treasury of Yunnan Province, 45% of Xinhua, and 10% of Jiangsu Fish. By working together, after this change, corporate channels will become more resource-rich, and the company will have more resources.
Corporate risk may include, but is not limited to, the risk of price reduction for medicines and market competition risks;
Combining risks; mixing risks below expectations. Less than the average in the Chinese pharmaceutical industry. Firm corporate performance, strong health strategies are moving forward, four major departments are developing smoothly, and the transformation will bring new dynamism to listed companies, and the outlook is looking forward.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.