In the second quarter of 2023, there was a 45 per cent increase in revenue, a rapid advance in intelligent driving, a 20-pt-up from the auto industry, a 25-per-cent increase in vehicle output.
The company’s net profit is lower than the growth rate, mainly due to a decline in the gross profit ratio, a loss of q2 assets and a loss of credit. The company’s stock of orders has increased rapidly in recent years, and future orders have been acquired.
Some of the Division’s imports of raw materials (in United States dollars), fluctuations in exchange rates or impacts on the company’s Māori rate levels, and the high growth of stock clients, combined with incremental vehicle-type discharges, contribute to significant performance growth.
At the stock end, the company’s important clients – car, Gilly, Wall, Volkswagen, Volkswagen – contributed to a significant increase in their performance of 202,0202, either from ideal, Gilly, Toyota, Hiro, Peng, etc.
A car computing (smart driving) and interactive (intelligent seating) floors. In smart cabins, 2023h1, the company's smart seating operations received $6.25 billion, compared to +19 per cent, the company's third-generation smart seating domain control, the manufacturer's product is in the perfect car, Chiré, and the fourth-generation smart seat.
The controller has obtained multiple project orders, more differential cabin domain controls and body domain controllers, a 27% increase in the first quarter of the year from the first quarter of 2023 in Dessavi (002920.sz) and the roll-out of new products such as superarhud, electronic rear-view mirrors.
The new project order for the year 2022 was over $20 billion, the driving business received $1.840 billion, compared to 86 per cent, and the high-calculative smart-driving domain controller was ideal.
A large number of customers, such as cars, Lutus, and upper steam, have been able to produce in a fast-growing way, with more light-weight, high-priced than smart driving support programmes receiving multiple project targets, which are about to be achieved.
In addition, the company has accelerated its internationalization, with 2023h1, the European second plant growing capacity, and 3d, the high growth in the second quarter of Dessavi (002920.sz)-second quarter, the construction of a gross laboratory for intelligent driving, and the integration of the newly acquired antenna testing and certification company, atc, into the company ' s operating system.
Investment proposal: maintain profit forecast, maintain buy-in rating. Desaiway, as the base for car computing and exchange, is a national automobile smart driver's flagship, and we maintain a surplus on hand orders. 2023h1, Desaiway's smart cabin collects $6.251 billion, compared to +18.57%, Māori.
In total, 2023q2 Dexiwe went beyond the car industry by 20 pct (q2 domestic vehicle industry yields equal to +21.7 per cent and automobile production equal to +24.8 per cent). The increase in the size of the collection was mainly due to the company smart seat.
The company’s net profits are lower than the growth rate, mainly due to a decline in the Māori ring ratio and a loss of q2 asset impairment (q2 asset impairment loss – $21 million, mainly stock-based bad debt preparedness). As the company’s competitiveness continues to grow, product structure and ladders are further refined, and the war on internationalization takes place.
Research and development on new products and technologies has continued, orders have increased rapidly in recent years, and future orders have been significantly expanded, laying a good foundation for sustained business growth. Meanwhile, companies are gradually becoming more productive for subsequent growth, the Henan Industrial Park Phase 2 project plant is about to come into operation, and the Midwest base project has been launched.
Figure 5: Increases in vehicle/car usage and growth in Descewie camp, Figure 6: Increases in vehicle/car usage and increase in Desaiwei camp, by quarter, by 3.7 pct and net interest rate by 0.3 pct, by year.
Figure 9: Changes in the four rates in Desai Siwi, Figure 10: Changes in the four rates in Desai Si Wei for the single quarter. According to data released by the Chinese AutoIndustry Association, 2023q2 of our automobile production was +24.8 per cent in comparison with that of the country, Camp Desai Si Wei.
On the one hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, at the stock end, the company's importance is the same number of customers' ideal cars, Gilly cars, Wally cars, a car for the general public, and a wide passenger car for the 2023q2.
In terms of traditional car companies, the new models of Gilly, Biadei, Toyota are expected to continue to make significant contributions in 2023. We have combed up some of the mainstream models of Gilie, Biadei, and since the market, the sales of Biadi seals have continued.
For the new power of the car, the little pipu03 autopilot controllers have been produced on p5 and p7 and the next generation of autopilot controllers, ipu04, based on the British Weldaorin chip, has been given the ideal car, pipu04.
Cars, etc., which have led to new forces and mainstream traditional car companies, have entered the production-scale climb phase, with 22h2 starting with volume-based production. The delivery volume of 2.35/2.32,865 per cent for apes/ideal 202,02002, respectively, is 14: Peng P-5, p7, ideal l7, l8, l9 monthly sales (vehicles)
Energy-motion-interactive, Dessauvres-mixed and interactive car intelligence taps. For the future, cars can be divided around the chassis and below the chassis, which is a live view of the human interaction under the smart cabin, broken down by the industrial chain as "chips-systems-applications-shows," screens, hud, glass, lights, etc.
It is expected to be a core interactive product. Under the chassis are mainly smart electric power and smart driving, smart motor integrated three power systems, which support the core energy of the entire drive; smart driving is based mainly on the role of Sensor-Calculation Platform-Auto-Driving Algorithms to the implementation level to achieve horizontal and vertical motion control. In summary, in the future,
The three main elements of the entire engine end of a smart car are energy, motion, interaction, and the Dexeciway is the engine of motor intelligence with one body. Desesiway: as the engine of motor intelligence with one body, the heart of the business of Dexeciway.
The focus is on intelligent driving (21% of revenue), smart cabins (72% of revenue). Smart driving is a fast-growing business for the public sector. The core is on intelligent driving domain controllers (ipu01, ipu02, ipu03, ipu04), smart cabins are a robust business for the company, and the core is on large monolithometers (LCD).
(c) Recognise the development path of Desai Weiwei, from smart cabins to intelligent driving, from big monoliths to integration, from autonomous-jointly-head ownership, new forces and joint ventures, incremental (to-customers), price increases (high-value-added product product extension)
The company’s smart network product continues to lead the domestic market, covering smart cabins and smart driving all over the world, as well as web-based services, with a rich mix of products meeting the differentiated needs of different customers.
The company's third-generation smart space controller has been matched to a large number of customers, such as the ideal car, Chiré, and the fourth-generation smart space controller has been given multiple project orders. More differential airspace control schemes and new products such as auto, arhud, electronic rearview mirrors are being introduced: high-calculative smart-drive controllers
Accompanied production has been made on the car pattern of many of the desired cars, Lutes, upper steam, and collection has increased rapidly. More lightweight, high-priced, intelligent driving aids have obtained multiple project fixes and are about to achieve volume production; blue whale systems, digital keys and software service products continue to overlap and acquire more project orders; and cockpit integration domain controls
The maker product has obtained project fixation and has released a smart travel solution for smartstion 2.0, which carries the latest company products of the central computing platform, ipaurora+ibcm, holotechnics, panoramic smart blue whales, ecosystems, curved binary screens, ar-hud technology solutions, smart electronic rearview mirrors, etc.
Technology, innovative experiences of creating future intelligent travel for users, intelligent driving, safe travel, efficient access, “sounding” presence, and so on.
The company continues to work from both “intelligence” and “economy” to effectively contribute to the overall strength of the company and its potential for sustainable development. On the one hand, the company continues to deepen its organization, guided by its long-term development strategy.
Change – The Dynamism Plan focuses on strengthening the whole spectrum of management systems, and improving their effectiveness through system optimization, digitization, intelligence, standardization. In the first half of the year, the Dynamism Plan focused on in-depth collating supply chain management, building integrated and digital supply chain management systems.
The concept of win-win, open-sharing, building stronger “friendship circles” through supply chain optimization, production and research cooperation, strategic cooperation, capital cooperation, etc. On April 19, the corporate icp Eco-Coopers Conference was successfully held on the theme “Eco-intellectual experience”, exploring with a wide range of partners the technological breakthroughs and real vehicles of the central computing platform.
As cars become electric and intelligent, the influence of Chinese brands has gradually increased, and more autonomous brands have moved to international markets. The internationalization strategy is the direction that companies have been pursuing for many years, hoping to open up greater development space through internationalization.
The company continues to promote overseas R & D and the upgrading of manufacturing capacity, the gradual upgrading of the production capacity of the second plant of the European company, the orderly development of the 3d laboratory, and the development of research and development and service packages.
Further strengthening, the newly acquired antenna testing and certification company atc has been integrated into the company’s business system. Desaiway, as a car electronics flagship: 1) Traditional products benefit from increased vehicle value: a vehicle with a control screen and a liquid crystal meter is a cabin battery.
The sub-core component, which is the portal to the future intelligent motor vehicle interaction, has in recent years experienced an upgrade in content, quality, and form of driver's demand for car-borne entertainment systems. The overall trend is from partition to integration, from key to primary, with a single-car value raised from the original 600 to 700 to over $2,000, with Dessehway as an autonomous vehicle.
The hub of the company has benefited from the upgrading of its traditional automobile business. 2) The focus on new products outside the mainframe business is smart driving, smart cabins, smart network: smart cabins, 2023h1, company smart cabin operations at $6.25 billion, compared to 19%, company third generation intelligence.
In the case of intelligent driving, 2023h1, corporate intelligence.
The driving industry has achieved 1.84 billion, compared to 86 per cent, and the high-calculable smart-driving domain controllers have been able to produce in the ideal model of many customers, such as cars, Lutus, upper steam, and the size of the collection has increased rapidly, with more lightweight, high-priced than smart-driving support programmes receiving multiple project fixes, which are about to yield.
Blue whale systems, digital keys, and software service products continue to overlap and obtain more project orders. On the new business side, January 2023, the company successfully incubated the mass-producing car domain controller, introduced a mature system-level program and product mix.
The latest product technologies of companies such as technoses, landscape smart blue whale ecosystems, curved binary screens, ar-hud technology solutions, smart electronics, mirrors, etc., provide users with innovative experiences of future intellectual travel, including green low-carbon, intelligent driving, safe travel, efficient access, and “sounding” scenarios.
3) The client structure is optimized year by year, with core client groups including mainstream autonomous brand clients, joint brand clients and overseas customers, and gradually opening up high-end brand markets and overseas markets. In 2022, companies broke through new customers like Porsche, Jaguar, Lugger, suzuki, Seeat, Kryptonite, and acquired Chang An, Gilly, Biadey, Wall, Guang.
Toyota, Toyota, Skoda, Mazda, ford, etc.
Project orders, which have grown by more than 65% over the same period, have gone beyond history, with fast-growing orders for high-calculable intelligent driving domain controllers, big screens, cabin products and high-performance intelligent airspace controllers. Desaiway, as the base of car computing and interactive products, is a domestic car smart driving flagship, in hand.
With sufficient orders, we maintain a profit forecast of 16.7/23.1/30.7 billion in 23/24/25, corresponding to the realization of a volume-based product of ipu03, ipu04 volume, lightweight intelligent domain controllers 34 times the annual valuation level, taking into account the high growth in Desai Siwi (1) performance: annualized sales of new orders in 2022
Sales exceed 20 billion and are expected to remain high in the future; the increase in the Māori rate of smart driving, and the scale effect begin to highlight that future profitability will continue to rise. 2) Smart driving has a relatively high level of scarcity, and companies are currently a small number of producers of autopilot control products, and industries have a few autopilots.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, is independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied the study in the past, now or in the future.