Performance meets expectations. Digital demand & light engine build-up growth drive. \triangleright \triangleright October 25, 2022
Operating income increased by RMB 890 million, or 16.15 per cent, from a year-on-year increase of RMB 277 million, or 30.13 per cent, from a year-on-year increase of RMB 250 million, or 28.84 per cent, from a year-on-year increase of RMB 312 million, or 13.02 per cent, and from a year-on-year increase of RMB 5.91 per cent.
Net profit of $104 million, an increase of 38.65 per cent over the same period, and ring growth of 15.62 per cent. Digital demand & high-speed light engine acceleration, building the core driving force of performance growth: company \triangleright in the first three seasons
On the one hand, the continued steady growth in demand for lightware products in the construction of the global data centre is an important driver of growth in performance. The overall picture in the current digital field is high, with cloud capex high & year-round guidance.
The opportunity to speed up the deployment of high-end light modules, such as 200g/400g, has led to an increase in demand for the company's multi-light device products and line products. On the other hand, the fund-raising project “Building high-speed light engines for 5g and data centres”
Project set-up is progressing well, with bulk delivery of product size having been achieved in the first phase and accelerated in the second phase, with a year-on-year increase in revenue of a s0105211003. In addition, the company benefited from a dollar transfer as it received more than half of its overseas revenue.
The exchange gains from the influence of the rate have increased, and the company’s financial costs have changed significantly, from $23.89 million in the previous three quarters to $4.66 million in the same period last year.
Increasing R & D inputs and strengthening bottom-level technological advantages to provide a solid foundation for new business expansion: In recent years, corporate R & D rates have been on the rise overall, with R & D rates in 2019-2021, R & D rates of 800 g light devices, R & D with zero components in high-speed light engines, Silicon, respectively.
In mid-2022, Fertilde Communications (300394.sz) reported a robust growth in the performance of new and emerging areas: photochip integration into high-speed light engine development”, laser chip integration into high-speed light engine development, "car-mounted laser mines"
The technological advantages of various fields, such as optical device development, “the development of optical devices for virus detection in the medical field”, are continuously being consolidated in the areas of light communication devices, light engines, laser radars, etc.
Bi-annual 2022 communications (300394.sz) Rapid performance evaluation: performance meets expectations, needs architecture in the digital field Laser radar operations accelerate, wait for downstream demand release: the company relies on existing mature optical devices
Building growth drivers - 2022/07/19 Development platform, based on its specialization in a variety of fields, such as basic materials and components, optical design, integrated sealing, 3. Tether (300394.sz) in the first quarter of 2022
Accumulating, providing basic component-type and integrated product products downstream. Currently, companies are evaluating several lasers at home and abroad: robust growth in performance, high overseas demand and high exchange rates, exchange of radar manufacturers, and different client movements. Future downstream demand is expected to go further.
4. Moor communications (300394.sz) will be evaluated in 2021: strong performance and high-speed light engine activity will create second growth
\triangleright curve 2022/04/20 Solutions provider with strong traditional no-source operations and clear synergies between active and no-source operations
Resilient, waiting for the rise of new business to build new growth poles in the future, high-speed light engine expansion, continued progress, laser radar operations ready, company growth momentum - 2022/02/10.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.