Three-quarter performance loops are up, light engines are growing faster, and the performance of the engine grew robustly in the third quarter of 2022. The company issued its third-quarter report in 2022, and in the first three quarters it achieved operating income of 890 million yuan, or 16.2 per cent of the year; and a net return profit of 280 million yuan, or 30.1 per cent of the year.
In a single quarter, 2203 companies achieved operating income of $310 million, i.e. + 13.0 per cent of the year; a net return of 100 million yuan, i.e. +38.7 per cent of the year, a steady increase in both corporate income and profits in the three quarters.
The growth of the core industry has been steady, and the performance of the ring has increased. With the sustained steady growth in the demand for lightware products in the global data centre construction and the revenue generated by the company ' s high-speed light engine, the revenue side has grown steadily over the same period of the previous year. Meanwhile, as a result of exchange rate fluctuations, 2203 companies have had a ratio of Māori to Māl.
The effect of the rate is an increase in exchange rate gains and interest income, and the company’s financial costs in the last three quarters are -24 million yuan, contributing to the gains. The company’s three-quarter net profit ring ratio + 16%, and the light engine is expected to grow faster. The company’s 5g and data centre’s high-speed light engine construction project has been successful.
To achieve mass production on a scale, while the second phase of the high-speed light engine has steadily advanced, pushing for further release in the second half of the year. As the light module rate has been upgraded and downstream applications like the cpo switch have landed, the light engine needs a large market space.
The company’s light engine operations are expected to grow faster as capacity utilization increases. Research and development inputs continue to grow, and laser radar layouts are gaining harvest.
16% long, increasing R & D investment, directed to light engines, laser radar lightware, etc., laying the foundation. Fibre communication (300394.sz) - revenues and profits are growing at the same time, new business is growing over the long term.
The laser radar stationing model has continued since 2022.
Wirtschaftsprüfer (300394.sz) – sustained robustness under quarterly pressure, high-speed light engines – and cross-cutting expansion of companies is expected to benefit from car intelligence dividends.
Quick Report on the Annual Performance of Telecommunications-300394-2021: Significant Improvements in Performance, Investment Recommendations: Maintenance of Profit Forecasts, Maintenance of Buy-in Ratings, Growth and Light Engine Operations, and Cross-Border Expansion of Laser Radar, to look at the company's growth potential
Figure 1: Mobil communications operating income and speed increase (in millions of yuan, %) Figure 2: Mobil communications operating income and speed increase (in millions, %)
Figure 3: Net profit and increase in filiation (in millions of yuan, per cent) Figure 4: Net profit and increase in filiation (in millions, per cent)
Figure 6: Changes in the three cost rates for the single quarter of the foil communications, Figure 7: Fry communications cash flows (millions) Figure 8: Fry communications inventory and quarterly changes (millions)
The company is expected to benefit from robust growth in market demand and light engine operations, as well as from cross-border expansion of laser radars, looking at the growth potential of the company and maintaining the “buy-in” author's assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, with reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author