The pace of performance is clear, the industry climate is accelerating into the upper cycle 30/01 2022 Summary of events: 24 January 2022, the company issued a performance forecast for 2021, which is expected to result in a net return to the mother
The performance of \triangleright is increasing at a significant rate, with a significant increase in the 21q4 ring: based on performance forecasts, the firm ' s 2021 net return market demand continued to grow and continued stable cooperation with customers in the telecommunications market.
Downstream cloud mega-demand boosts demand and industry climate accelerates into the upper cycle: since 21q2, the demand for the \triangleright module industry has warmed sharply, with the industry headlines, represented by the new euphemisms, growing significantly.
The curtain of the universe is officially opened and, given its demands for great computing and high flow, the cloud giants are expected to open a new round of capital spending competitions on the infrastructure side.
Over 50% of the growth. The cloud cosmopolitan development has helped, and the upstream luminous module industry is expected to accelerate its entry into the new one, perfecting the silicon light layout and further consolidating its technological advantages: the company released \triangleright on August 25, 2021.
On January 18, 2022, the acquisition was reviewed by the United States Foreign Investment Commission (CIFUS). Alpine owns the self-developed ncp4TM silicon photo technology.
The platform, capable of providing a single wavelength of 100 g's optical solution, dwdm, cwdm and lan-wdm 1. 2021 Quarter (300502) connection program, which can be used to connect high-speed 40 km dci with high-density data centres.
Annual performance forecast: q2 performance is higher than the ring, companies improve their layout in areas such as silicon light, associated light modules, etc., and further consolidate their technological advantages. 400g overseas demand is strong
2. \triangleright, 2021 Quarterly Performance Ratings: High Performance and High Outcomes in a Quarter
The logic of commodity growth determines that head firms will benefit fully from the demand spreads in the digital and telecommunications markets. Along with the accelerated layout in the silicon light, 800g, etc., it is expected to open up further future growth space.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.