Launch of the 400gzr/zr+resociated module extension dry layout 03/03/02 Event Overview: New Esse recently announced its 400gzr/zr+ phase, as reported by the Newsstone Communication Network
\triangleright drylight module, application of data centre interconnectivity (dci) and urban area network.
\triangleright continues to sink. The associated technologies sink from the former backbone network (>1,000 km) to the urban area (100~1,000 km) and even to the edge of the network (<100km). On the other hand, in a number of fields, the associated technology
The technology has also become the mainstream programme of interconnectivity between data centres (80~120km). The market space for related modules is wide, and light module manufacturers in traditional non-contingent areas are beginning to enter: \triangleright
The associated technology continues to sink, and the associated light module is approaching rapid development. According to the lightcounting, the global market for dwdm light modules using the associated technology reached $1 billion in 2020 and is expected to reach $2.5 billion by 2025, with a combined annual growth rate of 20.1 per cent.
It is also attracting new players, and in addition to traditional infinera, chisco, acacia, ciena, lumentum, Hua, Xing, etc., in recent years, it has been represented by middle-class glimmers.
Some of the traditional off-the-shelf light module manufacturers have also started to join. The company’s entry-related areas have further improved the overall layout of the light module business and expanded the scope for future growth: a new \triangleright
Esseng released this time a number of 400gqsfp56-dzr and 400g qsfp56-dzr+ with a transmission distance of 120 km and 480 km respectively, both using the latest generation of digital signal processors (dsp) based on silicon optical optical optical engines and supporting 400g transmissions.
The company ' s accumulated technology and experience in the field of light modules, excellent cost-control capabilities, and a stable and strong supply chain will enable the enabling company to continue to advance in the field of relevant light modules and broaden the scope for future growth.
\triangleright: The performance rate is high, the industry climate is accelerating. 2.
Headline firms will benefit fully from demand from the digital and telecommunications markets. Together with the expansion of the associated, optical devices horizontally from b to c, the industry is expected to embrace an accelerated layout of 800 g, silicon light, etc., which is expected to open up further future growth space.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.