The branding effect shows an accelerated growth of q3 performance Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) 33.11 per cent increase in net return to mothers in the first three quarters of 2017
On the evening of the 26th day of the evening, the tri-quarterly newspaper of Chenzhou (000568), the company achieved revenue of $7,286 million, an increase of 23.03 per cent over the reporting period; the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company was $1,997 million, and the net profit of assets was $530 million, an increase of 34.15 per cent over the same period, a gain of 0.371 dollars per share.
As a result of the mid-autumn and national holiday factors, corporate sales continued to increase during the three-quarter seasons, the Māori rate increased by 3.75 percentage points to 72.34 per cent over the medium term, and the company continued to increase advertising and marketing during the current period.
During the reporting period, the company completed a targeted increase of 3 billion yuan, invested in the implementation of a brewing engineering project, which will also improve the efficiency of the company ' s production and provide a basis for market expansion.
• Companies continue to promote priority regional layouts, build channels, improve marketing systems, enhance consumer experience and stickyness, streamline the price structure of their products through, for example, supply regulation.
:: Branding and positioning of the national cellar 1573, in conjunction with the People ' s University, BMW, Maserati, Golf, Ujin Theatre Festival, baking, etc., to update consumer awareness of the national cellar brand, deepen the consumer ' s sensory experience of drinking, increase customer stickyness, and maintain a high rate of increase in the national cellar 1573 series during the reporting period
The percentage that contributes to the growth of the harvest has been rising. After streamlining the cellar business, the special series has been adjusted by the branding of the "smelt real China" . In the larger context of rising consumption and the release of high-end white wine prices, the white wine has a large market space, and the company is old and special in this price range.
With strong competitiveness, companies are expected to accelerate their market share of middle-level alcohol promotion by targeting them. Moreover, companies are expected to achieve good results in keeping with the prevailing trend of rising perceptions and health awareness, as well as in bridging the market with acupunctures, brews, and so on.
After more than two years of restructuring and this year’s concentration, the country’s economic growth has been reduced to a high level of economic growth, with a high degree of efficiency, efficiency and commitment to the implementation of five monolithic strategies, the consolidation of corporate resource clusters, the expansion of open-source equity companies, and the deepening of brands and the renewal of product concepts.
The state's old guests' brand has been reshaped, the high-end, middle-end, low-end product systems have been streamlined, and high-end client circles have been fostered through marketing activities on the 5th floor of the city's gates.
With a strong brand profile and a star's big one, with competitive products on top, sub-end, mid-end, middle-end, etc., and active in the field of labor and alcohol, and in line with the demands of the rising consumer on health attributes, we see firm brand power and highly competitive products in the future.
The resulting double-priced effect, firm corporate management confidence in reform, clear strategic objectives, clear direction of development, and continued interest in the company’s future performance.
Fig. 2: I am not, and will not be, directly or indirectly charged with the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Disclosures of company-related information The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, as defined by the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index in the six months following the reporting date, as follows:
In the six-month period following the reporting date, industry was defined as follows: (overweight): industry outperformed overall market performance; (underweight): industry was weaker than overall market performance.