The third quarter saw a steady increase in performance, with a projected increase in price increases, a three-quarter review in 2017 in the Cedars (000568), an increase of 23.03 per cent in comparison with the previous quarter: net return to the mother was $1.997 billion, an increase of 33.11 per cent.
A steady growth in performance, with the prospect of meeting the $10 billion target, the company achieved $7,280 billion in operating income in the first three quarters of the year, an increase of 23.03 per cent over the previous three quarters, and a net profit of $1,997 million, an increase of 33.11 per cent over the previous three quarters.
The increase in net profits has further increased, with business income projected to reach $10.1 billion in 2017, and the company is on track to meet its 10 billion revenue target by the end of the year.
Advance payments increased by $346 million, or 31.74 per cent, compared with the beginning of the year, mainly due to an increase in advance payments from distribution clients, which was significantly higher than in the third quarter. The increase in revenue was accompanied by a certain contribution from cost control.
On the one hand, the company has stopped, and on the other hand, it has stopped, and on the other hand, the two-squares, the special series, the wines, the headlines, the two-squares, and the five core items: after the two-squares, the stop-points are on the top of the list.
On the other hand, price adjustments are made, and the core items under the flag of the old cellar of the state have been adjusted to varying degrees in terms of final retail prices and group purchase prices.
The company’s leading high-end consumer, 1573-class, has been recommended since October 8. The retail price has been raised from $899/bottle to $969/bottle. The price has been closely followed by P5. The price has been increased by $70/bottle.
Three, profit predictions and investment proposals, we're looking forward to a high growth in delivery in the second half of the year, accompanied by an optimal product structure, and a target of 10 billion.
Chen Berquu, Master of Technology in Economics, Beijing University of Transport, 2012 Allied Democratic Securities Institute, in light-working and listed companies.
Wang Ling, head of the food, beverages and agro-forestry industry, and master of accounting from the Central University of Finance and Economics. Five years of experience in major asset management companies, joined the Civil Credit Certificate in 2017, Zhang Ying, Master of Financial Management from the University of Duren, United Kingdom, and joined the Institute of Private Securities in 2016 for research in the food and beverage industry and listed companies.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,