Food and beverage Beverage Production In the old cellars of Xiangzhou: Retail prices raise confidence, performance growth is more certain Events: Since October 8, the company ' s leading high-end country guest has recommended retail prices for the classic 1573.
Unexpectedly, the company raises the price of retail sales to $969 per bottle, arguing that the company's current strategy vis-à-vis the country's 1573 is to follow P5 so as to preserve the company's image of high-end white wine while maintaining a certain value for money (in the non-commercial sector).
In fact, the price increases are not new to the market. February 2017 (after Spring Festival).
In March, the company raised the settlement price to $680 per national guest; in July, as the national passenger 1573 terminal price rose, it cooperated with the company to stop the delivery of goods, etc.
The company announced that it would again raise the settlement price of the cellar from $1573 to $760, with an out-of-plan settlement price of up to 12 months/minimum.
Dollars/bottles, first of all, prices are still close to P5 (currently 969 yuan/bottle); top-up, performance meets expectations.
–2017/08/29, which also guides market prices, and the price increase is preceded by a stoppage of delivery.
It is argued that companies are now simply raising the recommended retail price, and that if the next channels and terminals are well received, the company will still have the possibility of further raising the price of the plant. With a 1573-volume rise in the cellar, the growth of the company’s performance is more certain.
Continued strong recovery, successful implementation of the full package of products at the age of the cellar, the successful implementation of the full range of reforms in the channels, and the system of nationwide recruitment in the cellar - 2017/06/15
In 2016, we expect the company to deliver about 3,000 tons a year, and the real end sales are largely back to historical highs. For 2017, the cellar has continued its high growth trend and has achieved a full increase in prices, probably ahead of schedule.
It's a company plan. Although the growth rate of low- and medium-grade white wine is relatively slow, owing to the company's proactive restructuring and competition in the industry, as the ratio of high-quality white wine rises, the overall growth in corporate performance is determined to be $406 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 65.2 per cent over the previous year.
In the same period, 5.8 per cent was raised to 7.9 per cent, according to the new regulations, the application of the ad valorem portion of the consumer tax should be a certified certificate code: as the consumer tax rate was 10.3 per cent due to the higher representation of the consumer tax subjects in the second half of 2016.
The company’s high-end white wine country is growing faster, and the plan is complete.
Better, although lower-middle-grade white wines are growing at a slightly slower rate than expected, overall sales are normal; at the same time, firm settlement prices have risen steadily and have provided room for real firm prices to increase their profitability.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.