Price collating has worked well, and future revenues are expected to grow faster.
▪ High-middle-end alcohol prices have been remarkably effective, driving up three-quarter revenue expectations: 1) 3q17 company alcohol revenues of $2.16 billion, +32.5 per cent, and the Ring 2q17 revenue growth rate of 18.4 per cent was accelerated.
In July, the company again raised the price of the plant to 710-720. In September, the company continued to maintain market prices through, inter alia, the receipt of goods, and now the Southwest area has risen to about 760-780 to achieve channel prices.
We believe that by actively collating market stocks and prices, the company is selling through current channels at a favourable price, increasing profits through which distributors are motivated to prepare and raise money, thus increasing revenue in the current three-quarter period. (2) The level of advance payments at the end of the period has increased substantially, and the channel has raised incentives.
High. At the end of the company, $1.430 billion was advanced, with an increase of $620 million in ring prices. We believe that the increase in national channel prices + pre-collected revenues is roughly in line with 3q17 cash flows. 3) The product structure has improved further, leading Māori to record highs.
A further increase in the structure of the dynamic product, with a 3q17 Māori ratio of 81.2%, compared to +11.5pt, increases in the cost of marketing reform and gradual elimination of the impact of the consumption tax. 1) The overall cost is manageable. 1-3q17 sales cost is 27.8%, compared to +6.9pt.
In: 1) more sophisticated management of channels, with an increase in the number of end-user teams. 2) more intensive end-sale displays and promotions. 3) Control of market prices through the recovery of low-priced sources by companies. We believe that these marketing initiatives by companies have proved to be effective at 3q, resulting in price collating and facilitating the end of the season.
Marketing. Overall sales cost for 1-3q17 is 20.1 per cent and is still basically still planned for 17 years.
We'll be able to speed up the exchange of the dividends. We'll be looking at the roots, the cellar series and other core markets in the south-west in August, and we'll be working through such channels as end-showing, branding, and lifting the end-sales.
The price system for medium- and high-end alcohol, such as price increases + measured performance control, has been remarkably effective, and the cellar series were set up in October to contribute significantly to long-term development.
In the future, it is expected that product quality will be optimized to release high-end base alcohol. 3. Product structure upgrading will accelerate profit growth.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: We believe that corporate guest prices have worked well, and high-end elastic medium- and high-end brands in high-end liquor have increased the high-performance rate of 4.4q16.
White wine industry confidence, 1q17 is expected to open.