The Center for Research in Smart Manufacturing and New Materials is over-expected, with the expectation of a high- and medium-digging pump valve of $326 million, year-on-year +108.13%. Companies are over-performing in their performance for the first quarter.
Corporate performance doubled, revenue and profitability indicators increased significantly, and cash flows improved significantly. 1) Performance was excellent, profitability increased significantly, and a quarterly report on supermarket expectations. In 2018, performance was the same as in +119.05 per cent, net asset return was 19.94 per cent (compared with +9.55 ppt), and operating cash flows were the same as in 2018.
1. " National production poles of hydraulics, pump valve operations driven by " 2) reasons for significant growth in performance: 1) Increase in product sales and rapid growth in income from pump valves from excavators, non-scaling tanks, small excavators; 2) optimized product structure superposition effect, Māori ratio ratio ratio
+3.80 ppt; 3) Increased efficiency of operations, combined sales and management costs - 1.82 ppt. The company, as a national product leader for hydraulics, is expected to benefit from continuous and increased concentration of excavations. 1) Engineering machinery maintains a high profile, while stock sales of excavators are re-innovated during the quarter, highlighting the strengths of the taps.
The cumulative sales of the Excavators in January-March were 7480,000, a 25 per cent increase over the previous month; the sale of the 443,000 in March, and 2) the company as a national product leader in hydraulics, with clients mainly in the tri-o-worker, Xu-gear, etc., raising the profile and concentration of the beneficiary industries.
Research and development innovations drive companies to grow in the future, and expect the expansion of medium- and large-scale pump valves and non-divide pump valves. 1) In 2018, the company developed autonomously and produced a full bulk package of second-generation booster-controlled pump valves up to the age of 15t, with a breakthrough in the development of medium- and large-digger pump valves with dozens of machine-types at the end of the year;
2) The company expands the use of pumps in non-digger areas to add new impetus to performance growth. In addition, the company announces that it will increase its outreach M&As and continue to integrate international high-quality hydraulic resources.
The sales of excavators fluctuated significantly: pump valve products were sold less than expected: prices of raw materials fluctuated significantly.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment