The performance was in line with expectations, as noted by incident 1: the company issued its annual report for 2018, which generated $4,211 million (+51 per cent year-on-year); the net return on maternity was $837 million (+119 per cent year-on-year) and the net gain on non-mortality was $740 million (+106 per cent year-on-year).
Event 2: The company achieved a revenue of 1,569 million (+62 per cent for the same year): net profit of 326 million yuan (+108 per cent for the same year) and net gain of 349 million (+99 per cent for the same year) from the non-return of the mother.
Oil tank operations: Excavator tanks generated $1.811 billion, compared with +57 per cent, and benefited mainly from strong growth in downstream excavators. The sales volume of excavators was 203,000 in 2018, a 45 per cent increase over the same period, while companies sold a total of 414,000 excavators during the reporting period, an increase of 51 per cent over the same period.
This is higher than the downstream industry, and higher revenue is higher than the sales of the tanks, indicating that the company's dredgers are at a very high price. Heavy equipment earns $1,144 million, or +10 per cent, from non-standard tanks.
144,000, a 13% increase in the same year. The sale of crane-type products increased sharply, 214%, to $597 million, bringing together a group of top clients in the heavy lifting industries of manitowooc, snorkel, jlg. In addition, $344 million in sales revenue was realized in the shield tank, which dropped slightly, mainly from the same year.
Pump valve operations: hydraulic pump valves earn 479 million yuan, or +92% of the year.
The performance indicators for sub-products have been improved, and have been endorsed by mainstream domestic mainframes such as Xu, Xu, Willow, and Ritter, with a full array of models. The production of large- and medium-divide pump valves is accelerating, with a small number of host plants in late 2018.
The performance of the company 2019q1 continued to increase significantly: revenue from the Digger tank product increased by 55.38 per cent over the year, and revenue from the non-flagged tank product increased by 22.60 per cent over the same year. 2 subsidiary hydraulic technology 15t increased significantly the sales of the pump valves for small excavators, resulting in a corresponding increase of 203.89 per cent in hydraulic technology revenue.
Scale effect + product structure optimized and profitability significantly increased 36.6% in 2018, i.e. +3.8 ptc; net interest rate 19.9%; +6.3 ptc; weighted roe 19.9%; and +9.5 ptc. Companies achieved a significant increase in profitability, for reasons of reason.
1) The Māori rate for all operations has increased to varying degrees, and the excavator tank, non-scaling tank, hydraulic modelling effects and product structure optimization have increased significantly for the overall Māori rate. 2) The company has strengthened its internal management, resulting in significant efficiency gains; the cost rate has dropped to 11.1 per cent for the period compared to 5.6 pct, with sales costs
Rate of 2.7 per cent, management costs (including R & D) 9.2 per cent, financial cost - 0.7 per cent, year-on-year ratio + 2.9 pct; we believe that, with the continued release of new products from large- and medium-scale pump-digging valves, corporate profits and net operating cash flows are historically high and operating well: in 2018, companies were operating well.
Net cash flows of $799 million, compared with +418 per cent; the number of working days of receivables has fallen from 51 days in the previous year  Continued high-level R & D inputs to build deep moats, business + client expansion will break through the industry cycle + corporate R & D investments in 2018 were approximately $172 million, representing 4.1 per cent of total revenue, and continued to be high
Research and development inputs have built deep moat rivers for companies, enabling their pump valve operations and non-curve oil tanks, hydraulic motors, etc. The current city of rhesus hydraulic mini-digger valves is now at nearly 30%, and the performance indicators for excavators below the second generation of 15t from the primary R&D have improved completely.
The company's overall development is somewhat over-expected, and looks forward to business expansion breakthroughs.
The 6-50t class excavator began to be certified at the mainframe plant for sustained growth over the next three years.
• Profit forecasting and investment rating: currently, large-scale pumping valves in the company have largely completed production performance layout and customer upscaling
Imports are expected to double in 2019, while business + customer expansion will help companies break through the industry cycle and enjoy higher performance elasticity.
The operations have gone hand in hand, looking at the medium-sized and large-scale pump valves, the tank operations: the excavator tank generated 1,811 million, or 43 per cent, compared to 57 per cent, and benefited mainly from the strong growth in the downstream dredging industry. The sales of the excavators in 2018 were 203,000 units, representing a 45 per cent increase over the reporting period.
The company sold 414,000 tanks for excavators, an increase of 51 per cent in the same year, higher sales than the downstream industry, and higher revenues than sales of tanks, indicating that the company increased the quantity of excavators. Heavy equipment used a non-standard tank, which earned 1,144 million, or 27 per cent, and +10 per cent; a total of 14,4 million, or 13 per cent, of them.
The sale of machine-series products has increased sharply, by 214%, to $597 million, bringing together a group of leading clients in the heavy lifting industry, such as manitowoc, snorkel, and jlg. In addition, $344 million in sales revenue has been realized in the shield tank, a slight decline in the same year, mainly due to non-flagged tank production, which tilts in favour of a crane tank with a higher Maori rate.
Pump valve operations: hydraulic pump valves generated 479 million yuan, or 11 per cent, or +92 per cent of the total. Of these, small digs below 15t have increased significantly, small-digger valves have grown by nearly 30 per cent, and the performance of two-generation products produced autonomously have been improved by indicators that have been recognized by mainstream domestic mainframes, i.e., Xu, Xu, Willows, RSP, etc., with a full mass distribution.
The product of the large- and medium-digger pump valves is accelerating, with a small batch of the mainframe plant at the end of 2018. Components and hydraulic sets, tank parts and foundries generated income of 200 million and 537 million, respectively, an increase of 17 per cent and 226 per cent, respectively, of which the casting product of the casting firm in 2018 was 3.40 million tons, an increase of 56.72 per cent, respectively.
The performance of the company 2019q1 continued to grow significantly: 1 excavator tank product revenue increased by 55.38 per cent in the same year, while the non-flagged tank product income increased by 22.60 per cent in the same year. 2 subsidiary hydraulic technology increased significantly the sales of small pump valves below 15t, resulting in a significant increase in hydraulic technology revenue by 203.89 per cent in the same year.
The scale effect + product structure optimized and profitability increased significantly 1) The Māori rate for all operations increased to varying degrees, and the Māori rate increased significantly for excavator tanks, non-scaling tanks, hydraulic pump valves, hydraulic systems. 2) The company strengthened its internal management, resulting in significant efficiency gains; the cost rate fell to 11.1 per cent over the period.
Compared to -5.6 pct (2.7 per cent for sales costs, 9.2 per cent for management costs (including R & D) and -0.7 per cent for financial costs, we believe that the profitability of companies is expected to increase further with the continued release of new products from medium- and large-scale pumping valves. Billion dollars, +418 per cent for the same year; the number of working days in accounts receivable decreased from 51 days in the previous year to 42 days; and the stock turnover rate was reduced from the previous year.
With continued high R & D investment in the construction of deep protected rivers, business + client expansion will break through, and the Division has built deep protected rivers, enabling its pump valve operations and operations such as non-flagged fuel tanks and hydraulic motors to expand smoothly. Currently, the city has nearly 30% of small dredging valves, and the second generation below 15t excavators of autonomous R & D are in charge.
Pump valve performance indicators have been fully upgraded and recognized by mainstream industrial plants; the medium- and large-scale pump valves have been produced in small quantities. The company’s fully developed 6-50t class excavator has started to install motors at the main plant, and has been certified for sustained growth over the next three years.
The growing number of clients will enable companies to break out of the industry cycle and enjoy higher performance elasticity. Currently, large-scale pump valves in companies have largely completed production and customer import, and are expected to double in 2019, while business + customer expansion will enable companies to break out of the industry cycle and enjoy higher levels of profitability.
Risks of macroeconomic volatility, the escalation of the trade war, the risk of overseas operations, the failure of the pump valve business to develop and sell as expected.