While the beneficiary excavator industry has continued to outperform expectations in the past quarter, the company issued a quarterly report, which generated revenues of 1,569 million yuan, an increase of 61.63 per cent over the same period, and a net return to the mother of 326 million yuan, an increase of 108.13 per cent over the same period.
The beneficiary excavator industry was high, and performance continued to be over-expected in the quarter: in 2018, the company realized a net profit of 837 million yuan, an increase of 119.05 per cent in the same year, in line with the company ' s previous prognosis of 100 million yuan, an increase of 108.13 per cent in the same year, and performance supermarket expectations, mainly due to the first quarter of the year.
Explosive sales in the excavator industry amounted to 7,4779, an increase of 24.51 per cent over the same period.
Completion of the technical changes, 30 per cent increase in capacity, overworked after entering the first quarter of 2019, and elimination of the constant tile hydraulic pressure (601,100), Maintenance of the Excavator Industry, of which the crane series generated $597 million, an increase of 214.21 per cent.
High view, pump valves continue to outperform expectations, and have succeeded in obtaining the first order for the Japanese Magnetic Slender Project.
Medium- and large-scale pump valves began to be packaged, and motor and non-stamp pump valves increased their outreach: hydraulic pressure, continued benefit industries high.
-2018/10/29 Main domestic mainframe plants, such as casual labourers, with medium-sized large-digger pump valves attached to dozens of aircraft types at the end of the year, predating constant hydration (601,100) growth and cycle combined
In addition, the company has developed a 6-50t level of excavation to turn motors and has started to install machines at the main plant, which is expected to be sold on a large scale this year; it has also increased the number of pump valves for products such as car suspensions, cement pumps, high-altitude operating vehicles, etc.
The profit excavator industry continues to outperform expectations during the quarter, and the benefit excavator industry continues to outperform expectations during the quarter.
Industry research in the field is good at industrial chain research, especially in industrial automation. For more than six years in the financial sector, the representatives include Robot Trends, etc. Before entering the financial sector, they have eight years of business experience and have worked in areas such as engineering, machinery and automobiles, production technology, markets and strategies.
In July 2017, the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre joined the Alliance’s Pacific Securities Centre. The Centre, which joined the Alliance’s Pacific Securities Centre in July 2017, was good at bottom-up investment opportunities.
Research Center, September 2017, Allied Pacific Securities, good at capitalizing on investment opportunities based on industrial trends.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.