With high performance growth, the company's future growth reserves are rich, constant hydraulic pressure, sunny.
This represents an increase of 50.65 per cent in the same year, resulting in net profits attributable to the shareholders of the parent company of 837 million yuan, an increase of 108.13 per cent in the same year as the company ' s first quarterly report of 2019, which achieved operating income of 1.57 billion, an increase of 61.63 per cent in the same year and a net profit of 326 million yuan in the same year.
The Māori rate continues to rise as the fuel tank increases significantly with downstream demand. The company's special tank for excavators is 56.95% long, Māori is 41.35% (+2.55/pt); the company's heavy equipment is sold non-standard tank is RMB 1 billion, Māori is 29.66% (+11.09pt), and the component and hydraulic set earns $200 million.
The share of the market has been rising, with nearly 30% of the city's share, and the product of the large- and medium-scale dredging pump valves has been delivered in small quantities. Billions of dollars, an increase of $4.936 million over the same period the previous year, remained at 4% of operating income.
Turn back to motors as a new engine of growth in the next three years, while companies have increased the development of pump valves in non-digger areas, laying a good foundation for balancing single-market fluctuations and future industrial growth, and many projects, such as other hydraulic systems, are proceeding in an orderly manner, bringing about company development.
The company’s business outlook for 2019 has increased by 15%, and major capital expenditures have been set at $300 million, mainly for tank mechanics, hydraulic systems, construction of plant buildings and high-precision hydraulic castings.
During the period, the hydraulic locomotives continued to function 2019-02-112, the three-quarter financial report evaluation of the constant hydraulic pressure (601,100) - 3, the constant hydraulic pressure (601,100): the excavator market has stabilized
4. Stereo hydraulics (601,100): Downstream markets are stable and the source of financial growth in the East is constant hydraulics (601,100): high performance growth and company future growth reserves are abundant
The Chinese People's University School of Economics has three years of experience with companies listed in the media, mainly following the new energy auto industry chain and mechanics.
In 2016, he joined the civil securities and in 2017 he joined the East Hing securities.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.