Silver World Wide Market's Wise Investment Company Updates axoliowned subsidiaryofchinamerchantsbank Myrry Medical Care (300760ch)
Three-quarter performances highlighted resilience, without changing long-term robust expectations The company achieved 27.3 billion yuan in revenue in the first three quarters of 2023, an increase of 17.2 per cent in the same year and $9.83 billion in net profit to the mother, an increase of 21.4 per cent in the same year; the third quarter saw an increase of 11.2 per cent to $8.83 billion in the same year and a rise in net profit to the mother.
20.5% to 3.39 billion yuan long. The slowdown in the company’s third quarter was mainly due to bids from domestic public hospitals, Chinese medicine (+1.8 pct), which led to a 1.2 percentage point to 36.0% increase in the company’s net return interest rate on the same year.
(a) Increase in the share of revenues from high Maori operations such as domestic vd reagents and high-end ultrasound sales abroad as a percentage of the Biti; (b) appreciation of the United States dollar relative to the renminbi, with most of the company ' s overseas revenues settled in United States dollars; and (c) under international shipping prices
As a result of changes in the domestic policy environment, the cost of corporate sales in the third quarter was 13.1%, a decline of 1.8 hundred Wang Yunjuns, whose operations were limited by domestic environmental impacts, and increased overseas.
In the first three quarters, vd’s income increased by 18.5% to $943 million, with domestic and extra-sea income rising by about 15% and 22%, respectively. The addition of chemical lighting machines, both in and out of the country, showed a bright performance and a platform that led to a nearly 20% increase in revenues from chemical lighting operations.
The upcoming 25-provincial coalition chemical luminous collections are expected to help the Department rapidly expand its share of the domestic market, while the advancement of the ivd platform overseas and the acceleration of high-middle sample customers will also contribute to the long-term rapid growth of the ivd overseas market.
The company’s overseas business grew faster as a result of sustained and fully-initiated high-end overseas breakthroughs across three production lines. The company’s overseas revenues increased by 14.2% to 10.16 billion yuan in the previous three quarters; the third quarter of the total, by 3.47 billion yuan, by 23.0% and the ring by 23.0%.
In the last three quarters, the company invested $2.81 billion in research and development, representing 10.3% of revenue, a 23.3% increase in the third quarter.
In the ivd field of chemical lumination, high-sensor myocardial calcium protein reagents and amino end-of-ceremonium reagents were introduced; in the field of medical imagery, high-end examination table overhepatus 9 etc.; life (rm) was introduced
• 300,760ch shsz300 (rebased) Information and support field roll-out of 4k 3D endoscopic fluorescent cameras, etc. 4mvvvvvv
However, the company’s multi-productivity and global layout have helped it to cope with changes in the industry environment, and the high-end breakthroughs in ivd operations and off-shore markets have underpinned firm growth. We believe that in-house procurement needs to be delayed at the moment rather than cancelled and that, as industry regulation normalizes, intra-court procurement will gradually recover, and companies are expected to show strong performance repairs.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.