M.M.I.M. (300760) Medical biomedical devices slowed down domestic revenues in the third quarter and increased the speed ring ratio overseas
Events: In recent days, the company released its three-quarter report for the first three quarters of 2023, of which, in the third quarter of 2023, the company achieved $8,828 million, a year-on-year increase.
From December last year until February, the construction of the icu ward in the domestic market has increased significantly, with a significant increase in the emergency procurement of equipment for serious conditions such as monitors, respirators, injection pumps, etc., with total equity/flow (million shares)
When the purchase of other conventional products slows down during this period. In order to do everything possible to meet market demand, the total market value/flow (millions of dollars) during this period, the company has stagnated its production capacity to a related heavy-deficit product, so life information and
The highest 12 months/minimum amount of support operations and the domestic market were more than 60 per cent and more than 30 per cent, respectively, in one quarter, between March and July of this year, with the accelerated recovery of regular clinical activities in the country’s hospitals.
Murray Medical (300760). Routine operations such as Méri Medical Reagent Consumption and Ultrasound Procurement are beginning to show a rapid recovery (300,760): valuation returns, market prospects are on track.
Also, the production capacity of conventional products and international markets has been restored since March, bringing about a rebound in the second quarter of the old in vitro consultations - 2023/10/24 Interruption and medical video operations, as well as an increase in international markets.
M.M.M.I.P. (300,760). M.M.I.D.I.D. and M.I.D. has increased by more than 35% in the second quarter of the year, and developing countries have reported: Resumption of routine consultations, in vitro diagnosis and
The medical video line rebounded in the second quarter, and since August this year, it has been launched by nine departments, including the National Health Council.
-2023/09/03 Impact of the country-wide correction of irregularities in the field of health care, regular bidding in public hospitals in the country
A significant delay in movement and a slowdown in consultations has led to different reports of the development of domestic operations: rapid growth in all three production lines, with varying degrees of challenge. But it has benefited from the company’s continued high-end clientele breaking and accelerating overseas.
Market Performance for Multiple News - Comprehensive Localization Platforms, 3-quarter acceleration of international markets over 2-quarters 2023/04/27
Financial data are robust, with net interest rates rising further, mainly due to changes in exchange rates, lower freight costs and higher Māori product ratios. In terms of cost rates, the Division’s sales rates, R&D rates, management costs, and finance fees for the first three quarters of 2023
The risk of increased intensity, abuse of key core technologies or disclosure of technology secrets, the Murray Medical Point Review Report, the slowdown in domestic revenue and the increase in the overseas speed ring ratio in the third quarter of the year.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts as they are. The contents and observations in the report are only for reference purposes and do not constitute a reference to the statements in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.