3rd Quarterly Review of Méri Medical Care 2023: Anti-Corruption in the General Context  Paragraph Summary: 27.3 billion yuan (+ 17.2%) of corporate operating income in the first three quarters of 2023
By comparison, the net profit from the return to the mother was $9.83 billion (+21.38 per cent), the net profit from the deduction was achieved, the net domestic performance of single q3 was under pressure, the overseas performance was accelerated: quarterly, the revenue of 2023q3 was realized, the bidding campaign for domestic public hospitals was significantly delayed, and the opening of the company's domestic operations was therefore significantly delayed
This has had some impact, with single-q3 domestic business revenues increasing by 4.7 per cent over the same period, as a result of company breakthroughs and accelerated localization of high-end client groups abroad. International market growth picked up significantly in the third quarter, with developing countries rising further to 30 per cent at the same rate.
Over; income from single-q3 overseas operations increased by 23 per cent on a year-on-year basis. ▪ (1) The new infrastructure of the Guardian Line is still high and high-end clients abroad continue to break through: 20.8 per cent of income in the first three quarters of the line of life information and support grew on a year-on-year basis, with minor innovations
Surgical income increased by more than 30 per cent over the same period, although domestic bidding efforts have slowed down since August due to anti-corruption effects, and as of the end of the third quarter, the country's new medical infrastructure has remained at $20.5 billion.
Three quarters of life information and support lines have broken over 200 high-end blank clients, and there have been breakthroughs: performance against expectations, more than 400 high-end blank clients with regular operations have duplicated purchases, amounting to 70 million repurchases.
(2)ivd operations q2 have started to recover significantly, and M&A Desai has moved into the overseas ivd supply chain platform: company ivd plates have recovered significantly since March and nearly 100 overseas successful breakthroughs in the last three quarters.
Third-party chain labs, with 18.5% more revenue than the previous year, with single q3 increasing at the same rate of more than 20%. On July 31, the company acquired Desai diagnostics to solve the globalisation of the well-known Vd VD of the overseas supply chain platform.
Missing bottlenecks, the gap between import brands is expected to be significantly narrowed in the ivd area in the future. 3 Mid-end, high-end ultrasound revenue ratio has increased significantly, with image operations moving further up-front overseas: corporate image business increased 9.1% in the first three quarters of the year, with overseas ultrasound revenues increasing by the same percentage.
Growth exceeds 15%. Foreign markets, through national and international academic networking meetings, have effectively contributed to the penetration of ultrasound products such as the new r series, i series, which for the first time has more than halved the share of middle-end and high-end ultrasound income in the sea, and are expected to continue high-end breakthroughs in the future.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: given that the company's domestic operations are under pressure from anti-corruption 3 – we maintain a “buy-in” rating for future developments in overseas markets.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.