Performance meets expectations, overseas markets open up the growth ceiling Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) 3-quarter reports issued by companies in 2023, yielding $27.3 billion in the first three quarters, a year-on-year increase
17.2 per cent of the net return to the mother, $9.83 billion, an increase of 21.4 per cent over the same period; of this, $8.83 billion was collected in the third quarter alone, an increase of 11.2 per cent over the same period, and $3.39 billion over the same period.
• The impact of the upgrading of the health-care sector and the significant delay in bidding for public hospitals have had some impact on the development of business in the company, particularly equipment-based purchases, and the growth of the public sector
Domestic business revenue grew by 4.7 per cent over the same period, thanks to the company's continued high-end client base abroad breaking through and accelerating the development of localization platforms, the third quarter of the international market grew at a remarkable rate, with developing countries increasing their income at a similar rate.
Further up to more than 30%, with 23% growth in overseas business income of 23q3 alone. *Vd production line maintained strong growth, offshore markets made further breakthroughs, i.e. $12.33 billion in life information and support income in the first three quarters of the year.
(+20.8%) The domestic growth rate is about 29%, and the overseas growth rate is about 11%. A high rate of growth has been achieved as a result of the development of new infrastructure projects for health care such as icu construction in the country and the break-up of high-end clients overseas.
By the end of the third quarter of the week, the new medical infrastructure was recovering rapidly from 205 reagent consumption, with the country still having limited impact on its large-scale consumption even through its health-related anti-corruption policies; and the pace of breakthroughs by large sample customers abroad continued to accelerate, reaching cagr for two years in a row.
75% of diasysdiagnosticsystems, construction of overseas supply chain platforms, development of the internationalization of diagnostic services and full breakthroughs in the number of large and medium sample clients. (3) The first three quarters of medical imagery generated $5.36 billion (+9.1%) and domestic accelerations.
1. Performance met expectations, with a marked recovery in conventional operations with a sound increase of more than 15 per cent, and the share of medium-end and high-end ultrasound income in overseas ultrasound income exceeded for the first time the share of 2.
The company is the leading company for medical equipment in the country, the company's operations and profitability, the maintenance of public contacts: Li Xuan, Research Assistant, mainly responsible for research on medical equipment and the ivd industry, and uses information on legal compliance to produce the present report independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are from the market, and I am aware of this.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.