Murray Medical (300760.ch): 3q23 income increases, driven by industry corruption, Māori rates and improved rates, 3q23 revenue growth slowed to +11% yoy, mainly due to domestic revenue growth due to the anti-corruption context
The company continues to benefit from high-end client breakthroughs as a result of delays in bidding for equipment procurement; The company has managed to achieve a steady increase in the non-mortality net profit of 3q23 compared to +21%. The impact on equipment-type products has been more pronounced in the fight against medical corruption, with signs of a return to tender, academic meetings since late September, and the public hospital is expected to accelerate its implementation by the end of the year.
3q23 revenue increases are hampered by industry anti-corruption rates, companies ' maintenance through Māori rates and rate improvements Delayed bidding for procurement of anti-corruption equipment, overseas operations benefiting from high-end client breakthroughs and 3q23 revenue increases, albeit slower, through Māori increases (year-on-year +2.6 pcts) and triple fees
The rate was optimized (same as -3.9 pcts), with a steady increase in net profit. , but 3q23 had a delay in bidding for hospital procurement under industry anti-corruption; 2) high-end overseas client group breakthroughs. 9m23 new medical infrastructure contributed about $5 billion in revenue, up to the end of 3q23.
The ratio of 3q23 blocks of Māori is equal. Extra + 22/+42. The impact of anti-corruption on reagent consumption is limited, with a large sample of customers overseas / over 2,000.
ivd rallies have been completed and are expected to be officially launched in the near future. This time, more and more offers have been made in each of the two participating provinces, but with reference to the former biochemistry of the liver and the chemical luminous luminous development of the symbols, Murray has achieved a price-for-price exchange.
The market is also influenced by economic downturn and the strength of the dollar. 9m23 offshore ultrasound revenue + > 15%, with middle-end and high-end ultrasound revenue accounting for more than half of overseas ultrasound income for the first time.
The demand for procurement will be released next year, with revenue and net gains still expected next year, 33 x 2024epe, 0.6 standard deviations from the average pere (42 x) over the past three years.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipients of the analysis of the financial statements and forecasts - Méri Medical, etc., express and guarantee their right to this report under the following conditions and agree to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been compiled by the Group Information and other publicly available information of the Cards and Futures Group International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as “Pilang International Securities”) which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing Comments on Securities). All the information is collected and distributed to any person from this report as an unauthorized act.
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. Your Excellency shall not interpret the contents of this report as an opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal or any other financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. This report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, in addition to a description of historical data.
These forward-looking statements can be based on assumptions that are limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect Poo-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Seong’s position on international securities. Poo-Sil-Sil-Seong International Holdings Ltd. and its affiliates, Associated Public Divisions (collectively “Pu-Sil-Sil-Silver International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities that are described or related to the companies in this report, and may be bought or sold from time to time.
There is no law under which Pulse International or any of its directors and/or employees may incur any loss to an investor arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it. ]