Méri Medical (300760.sz) q3 net return profits increased by 21 per cent over the same period, while overseas breakthroughs with high-end clients accelerated with robust growth in the first three quarters, and international operations became an important driver of growth.
27,304 million (+17.2 per cent) was realized, resulting in a net profit of $9,834 million (+21.4 per cent) from the mother, excluding zhangjiabo@guosen.com. cnzhangchao4@guosen.com.cn, which has been delayed since the start of the bidding campaign for the country ' s public hospitals, which has slowed down the process of medical consultations and the country ' s industries
But, thanks to the company’s continued high-end client base breaking abroad and the acceleration of localization platforms, international operations have become an important driver of growth, and the international market’s q3 acceleration has increased to more than 20% over q2, with developing countries growing at a further rate.
Keeping high-intensity R & D input and making steady breakthroughs in high-end areas. In high-end areas, research and development investment continued to break in the first three quarters of 2023. In the third quarter, the company introduced mt 8000 full-scale experiments in the field of in vitro diagnosis, room intelligence flow lines, hepatitis B virus e antibodies, highly sensitive calcium i (hs-ctni)
In the field of medical imagery, the company has introduced new products such as high-end desktop platinum 9 resonar gold (North America) and high-end check-up platform hepatus 9 (China). In the area of life information and support, the company has launched a 4-k-3-D eyeglass fluorescent camera system and electricity.
Net gross interest rates have increased further, and sales and administration rates have decreased.
Merri Medical Care (300760.sz) – Annual Report 2022 and Quarterly Review 2023: Strong Performance Growth, Innovative R & D and Marketing Integration Help Break Out of High-end Clients Abroad - Investment Recommendations: Companies benefit domestically from new medical infrastructure and product iterative upgrades and synchronized with overseas additions
M.M.M. (30076.sz) – Three-quarterly review in 2022: the new foundation of medical care in the country. Rapid high-end hospitals are expanding. In vitro diagnostics have grown, life information and support operations and medical images have grown robustly, seed operations such as microsurgery, aed, and scale effects are gradually emerging.
"Mary Medical Care (300760.sz) - 2022: Medium-term earnings and net gains: the share of high-end products increased to a steady level of profitability. Consider short-term disruptions in industry regulation, slightly reduced by a 20% annual increase in net returns to mothers, and the head of the national machinery to the world."
The results of internationalization have been remarkable, gradually growing into a global champion of medical equipment, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Figure 1: Murray's medical operating income and the rate of increase (in billions of dollars, per cent) Figure 2: Murray's operating income for the single season and the rate of increase (in billions, per cent)
Figure 3: MMI net profit and rate of increase (in billions, %) Figure 4: MMI net profit and rate of increase (in billions, %)
Figure 6: Changes in the Four Cost Ratios of Méri Medical Care, Figure 7: Méri Medical Operating Cash Flows The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author