M.M.M. (300,760) Medical Organism 23q3 with a steady increase in profit, continuing to break through the South-West Securities Research and Development Center (WSRDC) of high-end clients overseas
Events: Three-quarterly reports issued by the company in 2023, with a total revenue of $27,304 million (+17.2%), net profit for the mother of $9,83 billion (+21.4%) and net profit for the non-mother of $9,699 million (+21%). q3, on a single quarter, the rate of increase in life information and support products has increased significantly, and multiple factors have contributed to a rapid increase in performance.
9%, or about 11%. The growth is largely due to the development of new domestic medical infrastructure and the break-up of high-end households abroad, but the fight against medical corruption since August has had an impact on the operation, amounting to $500 million. 2) In vitro diagnostic income earned $9.43 billion (+18.5%) in the first three quarters of 23 years and domestic growth rate.
And the impact of medical anti-corruption on reagent consumption is limited, while the speed with which large sample customers are breaking out of overseas markets is still accelerating, with capacity building on overseas platforms. At the end of July this year, companies issued an announcement to buy 75% of the shares in the diasysdiagnosticsystems in cash to improve chemistry.
Supply chain platforms for overseas in vitro diagnostic operations, such as lighting, and capacity-building for overseas localized production, warehousing, logistics, services, etc. (3) Medical images generated $5.36 billion (+9.1%) in the first three quarters of the year 23, with internal growth of about 5% and overseas growth of about 13%.
Procrastination of ultrasound bid procurement was delayed, as was the impact of economic downturns and the strong dollar in the overseas primary health-care market, which slowed the growth of the production line of 23q3. But, thanks to the continued rise in the offshore customer hierarchy, the foreign ultrasound grew by more than 15%, with middle-end and high-end ultrasound revenue accounting for more than half of the overseas ultrasound income for the first time.
High and continuous R & D inputs and product upgrades. 23rd quarter, company R & D costs $2.51 billion, company 1. M & M (300,760): 23h1 performances are consistent with the expected scaling up of product innovation research and development, especially in high-end areas.
Based on the layout and advantages of the company's multi-products, such as guardianship, anaesthesia, respirators, injections, pumps, etc., it has been introduced to include the entire hospital, severe illness, Circumcision, emergency care, heart.
(2023-09-10) Multi-scenario solutions for the dirty section, general care.
The database, which complements and is integrated with the clinical databases already in place in hospitals, contributes to the research of high-level data, and the rapid growth of off-front products (2023-04-28) has not been, nor will they be, directly or indirectly, compensated for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.