Researchchand developmentcenter q1 has outperformed the expectations, and the panel has come up to the new steps.
On April 13, 2021, q1 performed beyond expectations, and the panel led to the new steps.
Events: On the evening of 12 April, Kyoto Oriental released its annual report for 2020 and its performance forecast for the first quarter of 2021
At the same time, the company is expected to achieve a net return of $50-52 billion for the first quarter of 1q21, which is a perfect year for the year 2020, with a strong puncture. The panel industry has continued to move upwards since 2020, with price increases exceeding expectations, and the company ' s profitability has improved significantly.
The sales of the five main products, i.e. flatboards, pens, monitors and tv, have been the highest in the world; the market for new applications has risen rapidly, with wearing, esl, electronic signboards, syllables, iot financial applications being the world's leading; and flexible ones have accelerated, with sales having doubled over the year.
Cash flows and dividends are at an all-time high. The net operating cash flow of companies reached $39.252 billion in 2020, an increase of 50.49 per cent. At the same time, the company proposes a cash share of $3.477 billion to buy back its R & D costs steadily up and patented. As a global panel leader, corporate R & D investments are stable.
In 2020, the company’s R & D cost was $7,623 million, an increase of 13.78 per cent over the same period, with over 5,500 patent authorizations over the quarter, and the hosting of 36 revisions to external technical standards. q1’s performance exceeded expectations, and the volume elasticity of its performance was remarkable.
We believe that the company ' s over-expected performance during the quarter is due mainly to the overall increase in the panel price and the extension of the M&A of the production capacity resulting from the production of the panda line and the build-up of the endogenous b17. 1) Entering into 1q21, the tv panel continues to be strong in the larger context of upstream stock-outs.
The price of the tv panels rose by 12-18% according to witsview. At the same time, it was significantly increased by the shortage of materials upstream and the demand for new products downstream.
In December 2020, the company completed the M&A of 8.6 and 8.5 generation of lcd production lines for the Meso-Panda and Nanjing, while improving technology and product layouts.
At the same time, the continued release of the company ' s g10.5 generation b17 production line capacity has led to a certain increase in production capacity in a quarter.
On the demand side, Europe and the United States already have a non-purchasing wind on the demand side.
The industry announced that it would maintain its home office until the third quarter of this year, and that the home office/online education trend will continue to push for a new era. 2020.09.01 It has a strong demand.
The company, as the leading global tv/it panel-marketer, “The Three Stars Exit + Epidemic Disturbation, Watching New Panel Supply & Demand Patterns” will be given priority to benefiting from the high demand downstream. On the supply side, there is still a shortage of materials such as driveic and glass-based panels.
It is a key constraint on the supply of panels, which is expected to be reduced by 3q21, Quantified demand for tv, looking at the large rise in panel prices, while driving the supply of ic over and over the course of the year, which has an impact on the industry as a whole.
As industry leaders, with a strong voice in the upstream chain, priority will be given to material supplies, so that the shortage of materials will have less impact on the company’s output. Accompanied by the shortage of critical materials, the industry as a whole will be pressured to come out, whether t or not.
In this case, the price of the entire year’s panels may remain strong. Kyoto East, as the global panel leader, sells mainstream products such as tablets, pens, monitors, tv, etc.
Cindasecuritiesco., Ltd., which is the world's first-largest member, will benefit fully from the increase in panel prices and will continue to make a breakthrough in its performance.
Profit forecasting and investment ratings: benefiting from the expansion of the panel and the integration of the extra-producer line, q1 performance supermarkets are expected and expected to explode further. We have improved performance expectations, expected profitability elasticity from the company, and we look forward to the ability of the company to release its performance and maintain its “buy-in” to the company.
The year 2020 was a perfect year for all, and the financial targets were a steady increase.
Annual revenues of $135,553 million, an increase of 16.80 per cent over the same period; net returns to mothers of $5,036 million, an increase of 162.46 per cent over the same year; points. Roe reached 5.15 per cent, an increase of 2.99 percentage points over the same year. With respect to cash flows, net operating cash flows of companies reached quarterly levels, and companies maintained quarterly increases in revenue, profits and cash flows.
From $23,887 million to $40,651 million, an increase of 70.18 per cent; the Māori rate rose from 14.32 per cent to 28.16 per cent, an increase in figure 1 for revenue and profit performance in Kyotoa; figure 2 for profit rate performance in Kyotoa
Figure 3: Revenues and operating cash flows from Kyoto Orientala (millions of yuan) Figure 4: Net profits from Kyoto Orientala and net operating cash flows (billions)
Shareholders, splits and shares were created in 2020. In 2020, the company proposed a cash share of $3.477 billion. Figure 6: Share of mother-to-child dividends in the east of Kyoto, 2018-2020 — cash share of dividends (billions) — other means (purchase of shares) (billions)
As a global panel leader, corporate R & D investment has increased steadily, and in 2020, corporate R & D costs rose by $7,623 million, a 13.78% increase over the same period, with a quarterly upward trend. At the same time, corporate R & D has grown exponentially, with more than 9,000 new patent applications per year, soft-led, telepathic, artificial intelligence, big data, etc.
Additional patent applications exceeded 4,500; additional patent authorizations exceeded 5,500; technical standards led the revision of external technical standards 36 and the official release of group standards such as the "lcd multiscreen " iec international standard, the "8k television screen interface code " .
Figure 8: The cost of R & D in Kyoto Easta (millions of yuan)2 and the golden start of 2021: the panel price is fully up, the new production capacity is gradually released, and, at the same time as the annual report reveals, the company has issued a quarterly performance forecast, with a net return of 50-52 billion yuan for the 1q21 quarter, which is expected to yield a net return of 50-52 billion yuan.
We believe that the company’s over-expected performance in the quarter is due mainly to the overall increase in the price of the panel and the rapid increase in production capacity resulting from the extended and purchased panda production line, cutting and the internal b17 climb. (1) Price: tv panels remain strong, and the size of the panel increases.
Into 1q21, the tv panel continued to rise strongly in the larger context of downstream supply of goods, with the price of the tv panel rising by 12-18% per size according to witsview. At the same time, the tv panel was expanded by upstream material shortages and demand for new downstream items.
Figure 9: tv panel price close to 17 years of high; Figure 10: tv panel price monthly ring ratio; Figure 11: Pen panel price monthly ring ratio
Figure 12: Monthly ring ratio of display panel price (2): Outward M&A + internal production release, with new amounts added in the new year.
The M&A of LCDs, the Nanjing g8.5 generation investment amounting to 29.15 billion yuan, with a capacity of 60 k/month, using the oxidizer backboard technique, the main product being the t/tv. The Chengdug 8.6 generation investment amounting to 28 billion yuan, with a capacity of 120 k/month, using the oxidation backboard technology, mainly producing the tv panel. The completion of the tv line will help companies to improve technology and product layout.
In addition, the continued release of the company’s g10.5 generation b17 line capacity has resulted in an increase in production capacity in a quarter, with original planned output of 120 k, and a year-round outlook: the panel industry is on the air, and the panel’s dominant edge is highlighted.
1. On the demand side: the housing economy continues, fiscal stimulus is added, large sports events are on schedule and end-of-end demand is on track, and home-based/on-line education trends will continue to boost demand as European and American companies announce that they will remain home-based until the third quarter of this year. According to Trendforce, in 2020, the volume of global electricity exports exceeded 200 million for the first time, increasing every year.
The demand for monitors is also expected to continue to grow, with a further 22.5% reaching a new high, with a projected global output of 217 million, or 8.6% per year, in 2021, with a projected global output of 144 million monitors at the end of tv, with markets benefiting from large sporting events and the fall of Biden’s fiscal stimulus. The United States market benefits.
The 1.9 trillion stimulus policy in Biden has remained robust, while major sporting events have been identified as laying the foundation for year-round demand for tv. As a result, television terminals are actively seeking more supplies to meet market demand, and the level of supply is significantly higher than in previous years. According to omdia data, LCD plans for the mainstream Korean terminal and the mainland manufacturer 2q21
Purchases increased by 32% and 36%, respectively. The active replenishment strategy reflects the firm’s concern about the current low stock level and strong confidence in downstream demand.
The supply of glass panels has still not emerged from the accident, maintaining supply and demand-strapped patterns. According to the Omdia data, the inventory of glass panels at the panel plant is only 1 to 2 weeks, below the normal stock of 3 to 4 weeks. The supply pressure is expected to continue to reach 3q21.
Mobilizes the zero inventory and even the negative stock, which is expected to run out of stock throughout the year. Drives it or becomes the biggest drag factor on the entire year's panels. However, Kyoto East, as a leader in the industry, has a strong voice in the upstream chain, giving priority to material supplies, so that the shortage of materials will have less impact on the company.
Because of the shortage of key materials, the industry as a whole will be under pressure, and the demand for downstream terminals, whether it or tv, will continue to flourish, which will certainly support the year-round price of the panel. As a global panel leader, Kyoto East will be the world’s number-first in sales of mainstream products such as panels, pens, monitors, tv, etc., and will benefit fully from the increase in the price of the panel.
iii. Profit forecasting and investment ratings benefit from the continued increase in panel prices and the integration of the extended production line, with the q1 performance supermarket in Kyoto expected and expected to explode further. With profitability elasticity, we see the ability of companies to release their performance and maintain a “buy-in” rating of companies.
(ii) Downstream demand is not as high as expected. Fong Jing Jian University of Electronics and Technology, which has nearly five years of professional experience in the semiconductor industry, has experienced the work of leading enterprises such as a Texas instrument, is familiar with the semiconductor and consumer electronics chain, and is also the founder of a well-known semiconductor business incubator platform, coffee, and has assisted many semiconductor companies in the early years.
3rd place in the new wealth electronics industry; 2rd place in the electronics sector, Crystalball, 18/19; and 3/2nd place in the electronics sector, Gold Bull Award, 18/19. Liu Shaqing, M.A. from Wuhan University, 2018, joined South-West Securities.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-resumed securities investment consultancy business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.