Three major factors will drive the re-evaluation of the company's value.
The lcd industry is growing, and the company will take off the cycle label. The high profits of lcd will provide the company with enough cash to buy back a few shares and further increase the profits per share. It is expected that the market will rediscover the characteristics of the lcd panel industry in the future, breaking the cycle of industry valuation thinking.
Quick, and in the future, will continue to make a profit based on product differentiation and innovation, changing the inherent perception that market-to-panic industries rely on price competition. 3) The company's business structure has been transformed from a once-single, highly uncertain lcd business to a combination of life phase operations, with high performances in the import phase, such as networking, mini-led, smart medicine, etc.
Long space, low capital input, and high barriers to entry allow companies to grow while at the same time having a steady profitability. The shift in cyclical growth in the industry and the horizontal extension of the company’s value chain give the Kyoto East a dual growth dynamic, with three major factors driving the revaluation of the valuation system, and the timing of a double hit by Davies in the Kyoto East.
The Icd industry has reached its peak, with a soft cycle and steady growth, and the unit is moving in comparison with the depth of 300, and the icd panel industry's double-heading pattern has been set as the panel capacity has reached the end.
In addition, there is an extremely low probability of new participants who will be able to meet the needs of the continent’s electronics industry, adding to the need for capital to build new competitive production lines. Moreover, the power of the expansion of existing producers has been driven by the capture of other countries’ productive capacities, supported by past national strategies, towards profit-oriented commercial competition, and the orderly expansion of the lcd sector is expected to escape a high price volatility cycle.
The industry of lcd will grow as sized, medium-sized and high-performance boosts production. Kyoto East is a global leader in five major applications, especially the most growing medium-sized panels, where the lcd panel will provide an engine of growth for the company’s performance. The company’s output is expected to be close to 80 million square metres in 2025.
The share of the unled has risen rapidly, contributing hundreds of billions in five years, and will recreate a Kyoto Eastern smartphone, which will have 490 million cards in 2020, with a penetration rate of 26 per cent.dscc projects that the global market will grow from $30.4 billion in 2019 to around $60 billion in 2026, with a capr of 12 per cent.
Assuming that the city will have a 22% share at that time, it will contribute hundreds of billions of yuan in revenue. The smooth layout of the production line in the east of the country has led to a rapid increase in the volume of unled cellular panels coming out of 36 million pieces in 2020, about 120% longer than in the same year, and the market share rising by 3.7-73%.
According to the current production line plan, the company has an annual production capacity of 6.4 million square metres, with a total capacity of about 240-280 million mobile phones, with a projected global market share of about 22 per cent in 2025. In addition, consideration is given to the slow diffusion of know-how, the high financial barriers, and the limited production of high-end equipment.
The end characteristics, and the demand for customization of the oled panel, are much higher than the demand-side characteristics of lcd, and we judge that the oled panel will not repeat the previous pattern of lcd price competition, and that the oled will contribute stable profits to the company.
Long, top-of-the-board growth fixtures, we think the company underestimates and maintains a “recommended” rating.
Medium and large-scale terminal equipment is not delivered as expected, overseas lcd production lines are slow to exit, production capacity is not as high as expected, and the panel climate continues to rise.1 Three factors will drive the re-evaluation of corporate values.
The lcd sector has grown steadily out of the cycle. In the past, the outcome of the competition in the lcd panel industry was uncertain, and it is not clear whether or not the Tokyo East will win in a fierce price battle. The cycle of the cycle has led to relative instability and inevitable labelling of the cyclical industry.
The high profitability of the lcd will provide sufficient cash for the company to buy back a few shares and further increase the profits per share. It is expected that, as corporate performance continues to brighten, markets will rediscover the profile of the panel industry in the future.
It is hoped that a new Kyoto East will be created with a higher yield and a more profitable future. The growth of the Golden East's production line will increase rapidly in the future. The rate of success is now over 80%, and the company's business is well established.
Based on the supply end characteristics of the slow diffusion of know-how, the high financial barriers, and the limited production of high-end equipment, and the industry characteristics of the customized demand for the ored panels that are much higher than lcd, we judge that the ored panels will not repeat the earlier lcd prices. The global market size of the oled market will increase from $30.4 billion in 2019 to around $60 billion, and the cagr will be 12%.
New business like the Internet imagines space, capital investment, and barriers to entry. New business like the Internet is based on the company’s demonstration technology, without further large capital investment.
Based on the advantages shown by the semiconductor, the company has acquired pre-emptive and competitive advantages in other industries through technology spillovers, and has now achieved initial results. The network of products, broken down by scenes, has hundreds of billions of market space, opening up the company’s size ceiling.
The corporate business structure has changed, growth has accelerated, and risks have been reduced. A fundamental shift has taken place in the business structure of the Kyoto East: from a single, highly uncertain, cyclical lcd business in the past to a mature, growing, and growing, oled business, and an emerging business with great potential for development. This good business structure has enabled companies to become more profitable while at the same time having stable profitability.
The shift in industry’s cyclical growth and the horizontal extension of the company’s value chain have led to improved performance in Kyoto East. The lcd sector has moved out of the cycle toward growth, continued high levels of Maori performance on the oled panel, and changes in the corporate business structure have driven changes in valuation.
The time has come to double-click Davies in the east of the city.
Depending on downstream industry support and countercyclical investment capacity, the continent’s output ratio of lcd is expanding. The electronics industry is a direct downstream of the lcd panel, and demand for the lcd panel is increasing as the continent’s electronics industry continues to grow, with China’s mobile phone, computer and television production accounting for 90%, 90%, and more than 70% of total global output in 2019.
When maturity and production capacity are inadequate, the continental electronics industry has gone through a “core deficit” phase, with high panel costs undermining the competitiveness of continental electronics products. To enhance the overall competitiveness of the domestic electronics industry, governments have strongly supported the expansion of manufacturing capacity at the financial and policy levels when the technological level of domestic producers has increased.
Governments provide financing, land, etc. for production line construction through equity. Policy support has enabled panel manufacturers to invest on a large scale and countercyclically. The continent ' s lcd panel competitiveness has been increasing, with a combination of size and market advantages, and has accelerated the capacity of other countries and regions to produce and produce, with global production increasing rapidly.
Figure 1: The ratio of production of the China-Korea lcd panel, the expansion of capacity and the expansion and acquisition of mergers and acquisitions, and the establishment of double-hull patterns in the industry. Generation 10.5 releases peaked in 2017-2018, with production capacity, mainly for the production of high-value-added in size in the medium-sized, it is expected to produce 23q1 in volume, with a global medium-sized panel in 2020.
The theoretical annual production capacity of 247 million square metres is based on the increase of about 5% of global capacity after the completion of project t9. Meanwhile, the panel industry has entered the phase of capacity-building and consolidation, including 8.5 generation electric pandas, 8.6 generation wires, and the three-star Suzhou line in Kyoto East. The future of lcd capacity will be concentrated in two major producers on the continent, with 40% of Kyoto East + China PV capacity in 2020.
Taking into account their capacity to climb the slopes, industry clean-up and potential external M&A opportunities, the two-fields are expected to move towards a 50% + city ratio. Figure 2: Share of global large-sized lcd panels in 2020 by manufacturer, Figure 3: Share of global large-sized lcd panels in 2020 by manufacturer
2.2 The expansion of production capacity has been smooth and orderly, the cycle of the lcd sector has weakened, the exponential growth of high-generational barriers to investment has made it extremely unlikely that new producers will be added in the future. In order to achieve greater cutting efficiency, the production line of the lcd industry has been growing in generations, and the corresponding demand for investment has risen rapidly, creating huge financial barriers for new entrants.
Billions, the sum of tv120k of monthly capacity cut in the east of Kyoto has also reached $40 billion for investment in a new production line of $10.5 billion, the continent's lcd capacity has taken an absolute lead, markets have a clear pattern of competition, and industry leaders, with marginal pricing, have shifted from a radical expansion to an orderly expansion in response to changes in demand, and from the objective of seizing capacity to a profit-making process.
The industry of lcd is rapidly expanding its productive capacity, driven by investment, towards a profitable harvest in a stable competitive pattern, with a shift in the power of new construction or expansion. In the past, competition patterns in the industry were unclear, coupled with high-generation cutting efficiency, resulting in economies of scale and cost advantages, and large-scale expansion of production by continental producers in order to achieve a strong competitive advantage.
As the pattern of competition in the industry becomes clearer, and capital- and technology-intensive features of the lcd production line construct high entry barriers, the continued technological upgrading of end-products also provides an endogenous growth engine, and future expansion of firms will be based more on profit considerations.
The combination of market demand, line investment costs, etc., has been scaled up in an orderly manner, and the industry has become profitable and growing. 2.3 Demand has grown, the lcd sector has grown steadily, and the size of the product innovation aid television panel has increased, leading to a sustained increase in the area of output.
Specification upgrades are concentrated on large and super-sized sizes, especially on products of 55 inches and above. These upgrades include 8k resolution, miniled backlight, quantum dot backlight (qled), high colour domain, high dynamic range (hdr) contrast, ultra-narrow border, and so on. For example, 4k TV is usually 55~65 inches, and 8k TV is generally 70~75 inches.
The average size will increase from 47.3 inches in 2020 to 49.3 in 2021, with a significant increase of about two inches a year; The average size of the television panel is expected to reach 52.2 in 2026. Future technological advances will continue to increase the demand for large-sized television, with an average size of 47.3 in 2020 tv and no average size ceilings for the next 5-10 years.
In 2021, some 14.5 million square metres of new demand, or 10.5 generations of 1 120 k/month production, were added to the output of 272 million measurements. The epidemic led to the development of the home economy, stimulating the demand for medium-sized panels.
In addition, the future of its consumption properties will increase, and changes in product structure will continue to drive demand. Depending on the technology and performance of high-value-added products, and the demand for movable property, high-resolution, high-scaling, etc., screen performance will also compress output. High-resolution, for example, increases in light, etching, including subsequent module processing, resulting in prolonged processing time.
In the case of 55-inch tv panels, the number of 4-k panels per unit of time production decreased to 70-80%. The 8.5 generation yield of 120k had an annual capacity of 6.5 million 55-inch tv panels, but in the case of 4k products, it would drop to more than 4 million. As consumers' demand for medium-sized products increased, the demand for high-resolution televisions increased.
Changes in the product structure of the panel will reduce the actual output area of the current panel production line. In the context of the above discussion, changes in future expansion patterns will enable the lcd sector to move out of the cycle, while the continued growth of demand will strengthen the lcd industry ' s 2.4 leader position, driven by a medium-size advantage.
According to company announcements, companies have proposed $12.1 billion to buy the Nanking Electric Panda Show Technology Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the 8.5 Generation Line”) for 80.831% of the stock and power in Chengdu.
Panda shows 51% equity in Technology Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as the Chengdu 8.6 generation line). When the acquisition is completed, there will be five 8.5 generation lines, one 8.6 line, and two 10.5 generation lines in the east of Kyoto. From the volume of shipments, the east of Kyoto has achieved the highest volume of global lcd billboards in the five major mainstream areas of mobile phones/platforms/noteboards/monographs/tv, which is the true global lcd head.
The return of minority shareholders can further increase each share of profits. Table 4: Proposed acquisition of electric panda production line
According to the current expansion plan, the production capacity in Kyoto East will be close to 80 million square metres in 2025. Kyoto East has made it clear that it will no longer be able to produce 60-70 million square metres in the year, rising to about 7,900 square metres in 2025, or 142 per cent of its production in 2020.
The medium-sized lcd panel, compared to the large size, has a fixed line of production from 2010 to 2015, and will be more prominent than the new production line advantage in the future as the demand side changes in high resolution, high rates of refreshment, narrow borders, etc. The medium-sized lcd panel now accounts for 43% of the industry.
This is particularly evident. The market share of corporate panels is expected to continue to rise from 2021 to 2023, increasing demand for size panels across the industry, and the volume of size panels coming from companies is expected to rise again.
Figure 9: Portfolio panel exits by manufacturer, 2020 (millions of tablets) Figure 10: Liquid Crystal Display panel exits by manufacturer, 2020 (millions of tablets)
The market size is growing, the share of Kyoto’s east is increasing rapidly, and the market size of the market is expanding rapidly, and China’s capacity ratio is rising rapidly. The screen has the advantages of light, curable, visible, high contrasts, short response time, and good earthquake resistance, and is widely used on smartphones and tackables.
In 2020, smartphones sold 490 million cards, with a penetration rate of 26 per cent, and in the future raised the global market size at $26.5 billion, with an increase of 19 to 30.4 billion in 2019. The dscc forecast that global market board revenues could increase to $46.2 billion in 2023, and that market size would reach around $60 billion in 2026, and gagr in 2018-2026.
At 10.7%, while the market has expanded, China’s production capacity has risen from 5% in 2017 to 20% in 2019, and dscc projects that China’s production capacity will reach 43% in 2025. Soft panels are better able to take advantage of the market, and Kyoto’s production line is better suited to market demand.
Applications can create a variety of screen forms, break the built-in technology of the screen and have the advantage of bending and folding; softness, non-heating, etc., that match the needs of mobile phone development. A soft-led screen, made of special processes, is lighter and more durable than a normal one, with only one tenth of a normal one-size screen, so that high-end flag ships, such as iphones, do not.
In the form of a curved screen, a soft-led panel is also used. From the structure of the left-phone panel, in 2020, the hard-screen-led portfolio was 245 million, compared to 15.8 per cent, the soft-led channel was 246 million, compared to +41.6 per cent, and the soft-led share in the left panel was rapidly increasing, faster than the total.
Figure 13: The technological structure of the global smartphone market from 2019 to 2020 The market share of the Kyoto Oriental mobile phone board has been increasing rapidly. According to intelligence advice data, in 2020 smartphones came out with 490 million pieces, an increase of 5.6 per cent, with 370 million pieces from three stars, a decrease of 7 per cent from the same year.
This represents 75.4% of the world ' s total sales of about 36 million cards in 2020, 120% more than in 2019, and an estimated 122% more than 80 million copies of the year ' s target. The full postpartum output of the layout ' s oed line will meet the demand for 240 to 280 million cellular panels.
The oled line, the six-generation soft-led production line, is on a yield climbing slope: the 6th-generation flexible-led production line project in Chongqing has been completed and is expected to start production in 2021; the Fukuzhou project is planned. The four production lines are all 6th-generation lines, with planned monthly capacity of 10,000 square metres, or about 16% of global capacity in 2020.
The delivery area will reach 6.27 million square meters in 2024 and will continue to be maintained, with a global market share of around 22%, which would cover 240-280 million mobile phone needs if the full capacity were converted into the current mobile mainstream size panel. Kyoto East supplies apple panels, and mobile providers have a strong demand for diversity.
The Apple's iPhone 13 series, launched in 2021, is expected to maintain a four-piece strategy and will all use the oled screen panel, which will provide about 9 million pieces of it in the east of Kyoto. According to Japanese news, according to the fomalhaut data, the price of the oled screen (with an acillary drive) used for iPhone 12 is 70 dollars.
In addition, with the strict quality certification of apples, it will be easier to access other mobile phone manufacturers. With the increase in the number of deliveries to the Orient panel, mobile phone providers will need to diversify and reduce their dependence on three stars.
3.2.oled panels do not duplicate the competitive model of lcd, which is highly customized, and the industry does not lead to price wars. The high degree of homogenization of the lcd panels, especially in the form of semi-finished open-cell products, makes it difficult to develop product combinations tailored to the needs of different functions, which can easily lead to oversupply.
There are a number of technological innovations in the field: 1) cap covers, oncell-metalmesh, high brush rates, low power consumption, long life, etc. Optimization of basic capabilities; 2) material innovations, 3d matches, curvature matches, etc.; 3) technology integration of screen cameras, screen hairs, tentacles, controlled integrations, fingerprints under screens, etc. In the case of morphological innovations, mobile phone manufacturers want to achieve close differences in cellular screen patterns.
Two years ago, mobile phones had three main screens, and the location, size, and so on, of holes/seas. Soft, small and foldable characteristics of the old gave them the potential for innate innovation that would continue to grow in demand from future brand manufacturers. From so much innovation in the oled, it can be expected that future mobile operators will work in depth with the panel makers to customize them to match their mobile phones.
In the case of folding screens, mobile operators need to have a system design, wallpaper optimization, chain selection, etc., for parameters such as a comprehensive panel folding radius. The choice of cellular manufacturers will be based on multiple dimensions, rather than just a few dimensions of cost, resolution, etc.
The plating process determines the resolution of the oled panel pixels and the good rate, and a 6-generation line requires 3-4 plating devices. Currently, high-end plating machines in the world are being used by Japanese canon.
Tokki, Korea’s sunicsystem, yas, and sfa are monopolistic, with severe capacity constraints. Like Asml’s market position in semiconductor light machines, Cannontokki in Japan leads the market for high-end equipment at the oled. Canontokki controls the error in plating organic light material to the base plate within 5 micrometers, which is far from the accuracy of the plating machines of other companies in 2017.
Before, Samsung bought all of Tokki's annual capacity (3-4 units). It was not until 2017 that Tokki was expanded to seven, and the lgd and Kyoutung parties were able to take one each. The vacuum steamer in Tokki is still in a state of difficulty and has been reserved by large manufacturers, and the availability of capacity limits makes it difficult for other manufacturers to enter the high end of the field.
Businesses need to break through the patent barriers of their former producers, including the pixels arrangement, which slows down the spread of the technology. Moreover, the industry barriers are high, with 46.5 billion of the 6-generation soft-led line of 48,000 items produced in the east of the country, almost equal to the 10.5-generation lcd line of 120,000 a month, and huge investments will make the board a stage for a small number of manufacturers.
Taken together, the industry will be the stage for a small number of manufacturers in the future, and more manufacturers will customize their production to downstream producers based on the technology and level of process of their own products. The price factor is not the first competitiveness.
To expand the client base, and to expand the landscape for panel applications. In collaboration with companies in the fields of transport, construction, medicine, etc., Kyodong actively worked to promote the use of screens in these areas, completing the delivery of projects such as the Kyoto viewing area, the Kyotsu viewing area, the Magnetic Float, etc. In the case of advertising panels, the current flow dividend has faded, and major brand manufacturers have been working on branding.
In these areas, companies will actively purchase panels, increase their available screen space to increase profits, and the panels have wide market space for applications. Product innovation creates market demand and dynamic consumer-side operations.
This innovation is not a substitute for existing products, but rather creates a new demand in the market. For example, in 2020, the Tokyo East developed a Boe screen for technology innovation in the field of paper-based eye protection to meet the needs of online learning in the context of the epidemic, which is recognized and promoted by a wide range of parents.
In April 2021, Apple released 12.9 inches of ipadpro with mini-led backlights. 10,000 mini-led light sources made up of more than 2,500 local radiators, plus a thin optical film.
Soft mirrors, with a peak brightness of 1600 nit and a 1 million-to-one contrast. Kyoto East has pre-positioned Mini-led as one of its five major undertakings, with breakthroughs in product, technology, and market areas, such as 75-inch glass-based double-backing, lighting of light products, and extension to clients: glass-based straight-side lines, crystallineization and assembly of bottleneck technologies, etc.
At the heart of the sensor and display technology is the extension of the feeder network. Based on the core capacity of the display and the sensor, the Kyoto East has set up an innovative platform to integrate internal and external resources, to provide clients with an integrated solution in the area of physical networking, and to show semiconductors the extension of the industrial and physical chains and landscape value chains.
The lcd sector, with a weaker supply-side improvement cycle, will in the future engage demand-driven growth into real growth, contributing to firm profits. At the same time, the firm’s fast-growing operations are expected to make a profit in the near future, and the forward-looking material networking industry opens up a firm’s size ceiling. The overall growth of the lcd sector and its growth-oriented business structure provide companies with a double growth driver.
As corporate performance continues to be high, the market will move away from the old logic of looking at this giant in a completely new way, bringing the company's price down to the price of the medium-sized large-scale terminal: the medium-sized panel accounts for more than 90 per cent of lcd production capacity, the demand falls across the panel; the offshore manufacturer's LCD exit is slow: the delay in the withdrawal of the Korean manufacturer will increase the supply of panels and affect the price of the panels.
Production capacity is not as high as expected: a slow climb in the production capacity of oled will reduce the volume of company sales of oled. A summary of company financial statement projections. Wang Fang, Chief of the electronics industry, worked in Eastern Securities Co. Ltd., First Market Private Equity Investment Co. Ltd., and won the Chinese University of Science and Technology.
The author has the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consulting firm granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.