The growth in corporate performance is due mainly to the acquisition of the country’s leading local recreational competitions.
The game developers and distributors of Beijing Leisure Network Technology Ltd., with 51% equity, quickly cut into the game area, complement the company's medium-heavy game product and create a clear synergy with the company's rich web game resources. Leisure was incorporated into the merger in February 2017.
The game business continues to grow.
The World Overseas version has won a lot of praises from players, making corporate self-research games more profitable than the previous year, and the year 2018 will see Big Pop's new work, The Dead, The Sword's Man's Cloud, and the company's game business is expected to continue to grow.
The company builds a global news and information platform to further enhance market ownership and liquidity of the products under the umbrella of Opra, making it an integrated platform-level application that combines search, navigation, content distribution, socialization, business models from the original navigation, search engine splits, software preloads, etc.
$10 million, $551 million and $716 million, respectively, are expected to increase corporate profits.
2) The platform is active at 370 million a month, becoming the world’s leading Internet traffic entrance.
3) As the company games and platform operations are gradually coming through, we expect the company's 2018 and 2019 Fuhua, Shenzhen Fukuda District, to be free of charge, number 6, in Chengdu, China (Sichuan) free trade experiment.
This report is presented independently and objectively, using legally compliant information. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be.
The company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving this report, it is not a client of the company that has no business relationship with it, and it does not have proper responsibilities.
Clients receive this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner, and keep it confidential. The report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of the information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which are subject to change without notice.
The company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the opinions, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values, and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. For other professionals in the company (including but not limited to salesmen, traders), based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance, this document contains analytical comments or trade views that are not consistent with this report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up on the corresponding updates or modifications.The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are only for the information of investors and not for the purchase or sale of securities or their sale.
This view, the proposal, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, the financial situation and the specific needs of the persons to be covered by this report, and consults with any professional financial consultant in the areas of finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of future relevant studies in this report and the Division. The company and the author will not bear any of the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.