\Trangleright \Trangleright
\triangleright \triangleright Should the current period result from a decrease in sales commissions, the increase in management costs for the current period for the purchase of silver and silver gold is mainly due to an increase in the financial costs due to an increase in interest expenditure due to an increase in the current period financing.
There has been an increase in the overall Māori rate of the company, with the Māori rate of the self-financed/outsourcing/small gold business, respectively.
The company produced 41.78 tons of mineral gold throughout the year 2023 (including silver-thai gold and subsequent production), an increase of 1. Shandong gold (600547.sh) dynamic report: world class g/t (excluding silver-thai gold data), an increase of 0.06 g/t over the same year.
In the case of mergers and acquisitions, the company successfully acquired by agreement \triangleright 3. Shandong gold (600547.sh) reported in mid-2023:
Further entrenching control over Silver-Thai gold while competing for mining rights in the Gansu Bridge project, increasing the same level of performance, increasing reserves, mergers and acquisitions of resources in areas rich in the 20 Quantities, and actively promoting mining rights injection companies in the Punlai region belonging to the gold group,
In the area of prospecting, 4. Shandong gold (600547.sh) reported its performance in mid-2023.
The company invested $570 million in prospecting throughout the year, adding 36.6 tons of new gold and metals, and the results of the prospecting were remarkable. The project is progressing steadily to build future growth. The company now owns gold mining development in the Cara Mine (integration), integrated gold mining development in the new city, gold mining work in the Namutini, and an extension of 2000t/d from the Ashfung Zaqquang Company.
Four major gold mining construction projects, which are expected to result in a significant increase in the company's capacity when they land, are expected to further release production and maintain a “recommended” rating as a result of the consolidation of resources in the free mines.
As a result of the decrease in gold, the increase in management costs is mainly due to increased management costs for the current period for the acquisition of silver and silver gold, with a financial cost of $1 billion, compared with +21.93 per cent, mainly due to the increase in R & D inputs for the current period.q4 corporate sales/management/financial costs were 0.32/3.96 per 2.49 per cent, with a change in the ring ratio.
Figure 6: Changes in corporate cost rates Figure 7: Corporate R & D costs (in thousands of dollars) Figure 10: Net return on investment and gains and losses on changes in fair value (in thousands)
In 2023, the company’s average value of its own/outsourcing/minority gold increased, and the company’s Māori rate increased.
Figure 13: Share of sub-products in gold production has increased steadily, and production techniques have been optimized. In terms of production, the company produced 41.78 tons of mineral gold (including silver and Thai gold and below) for the entire year of 2023, compared to 8.04% for the same year, and the reasons for the increase include three factors:
Gradually optimized and enhanced production capacity of the mountain gold mines, the Western and Central Treasure companies, and the gold companies; resumed production of the gold mines of Linglong; increased overall extraction of the gold mines of Beladero and reduced the number of difficult smelting ores; resumed production of the silver mines of the gold mines of Linglong in January 2023; resumed production in January 2024 by the authorities of the City of Smoking.
To authorize the resumption of capital production in the Linglong mining area, which is currently actively promoting the restructuring and construction of the production system, with a view to obtaining new safe production permits and resuming production as soon as possible. 1.29 g/t (excluding silver and Thai gold data) of the selected grade of the original mine throughout the year, with an increase of 0.06 g/t over the same year
Underground mines were selected at 1.88 g/t, an increase of 0.04 g/t over the same period, or 2.17 per cent, mainly due to the reduction in loss and impoverishment rates and the increase in the level of the original minerals through the optimization of mining methods, the strengthening of technical and on-site management measures.
Figure 16: Changes in the company ' s own gold production (dank) Active mergers and acquisitions of resources, and growing deposits of prospecting. In 2023, the company succeeded in obtaining 20.93% control over silver and Thai gold by means of an agreed acquisition, and continued to increase the share of silver and Thai gold in the secondary market to 28.89%, plus one.
To strengthen control over silver and silver gold, to compete the same year for mining rights for the Gansu Bridge project, to strengthen the reserves of resources in Gansu, to promote the infusion of mining rights in the Penglai region of the Golden Group, and to integrate existing mining rights with the Peng Lai mine, to accelerate the acquisition of prospecting rights for the Western Ridge gold mine, with the prospect of a substantial increase in the company's capital in the future
With 36.6 tons of additional gold and metals and significant results from prospecting, further extension of mine service was achieved.3 The project is steadily moving forward to build future growth, and according to the company ' s project construction plan, the company currently owns a gold resource developer (integrated) in the Kao mine area.
Cheng, New Town gold resource integration and development project, Katinona company, Namutini gold mining project, Akak Fung Zae-hu fence, Gold Mining Company Ltd. selected four larger gold mining construction projects for the expansion of 2000t/d. Of this amount, gold mines in the Kao mining area are expected to produce 2906 million tons of floating gold concentrate (18.9 tons of gold)/
During the year, 1196 million tons of floating gold concentrate (7.8 tons of gold)/year are expected to be produced from the new city gold mine, 8.4 tons of gold per year from the Namu Tini mine and 600,000 tons per year from the Zaihu gold mine. The cumulative investment in the Katino project represents a proportion of the total investment.
The company focused on the integrated development of resources in the Peninsula in Lei County, adding to the accelerated construction of the overseas Katino project, and the potential for future growth in gold production is considerable.4 Profit forecasting and investment proposals
The integration of resources from the mines is expected to further release production and maintain a “recommended” rating. 1) The risk of gold price volatility: home-grown gold is the company's main product, the volatility of gold prices creates greater uncertainty about the company's operating benefits, and the fall in gold prices will significantly affect the company's profits.
2) Risks of safe production: Safety accidents lead to a reduction or even a shutdown of the company ' s output, which can have a significant impact on the company ' s production, operation and reputation. 3) Risks of failure to build capacity: risks of future progress in the construction of the company are not expected.
A summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements, a methodological and analytical logic that leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.