In January, the Express Logistics Operations “open door”, the supply chain and international Consistency Holdings (002352) incident: the company issued its January 2024 Express Logistics Operations Bulletin. January 2024, the company.
The growth of fast-moving logistics operations is “open-door” , supply chain and international business revenues are moving at a pace of relative growth to the business tone of \triangleright, pursuing high-quality business and income growth, with a marked increase in revenue during the same period last year
With a relatively high base above the industry, faster-speed logistics inflows and operations increased by 20.7 per cent and 28.3 per cent, respectively, in January of 24 years; (2) supply chain and international operations increased by 2 per cent, mainly to benefit from the steady recovery of international air and sea transport demand and prices.
The company’s new business is expected to continue. 1) Economic operations return to the focus camp. The product structure has improved several times, with 21h2 consecutive clean-up of preferential franchises and the loss-and-loss net removed in June 23rd year, the main hit was the “Embrandt Fast” direct system product; 2) fast-carrying or accelerated profit release.
The network allows for net profit of $28 million, a two-wheel drive for better patterns and compliance repairs, and we expect to move into a new phase of robust business growth and accelerated profit release in the future; 3) for the first time with the city. At the corporate level, orders for diversification increase resilience, technology improves efficiency and improves efficiency.
The company’s free cash flow point is expected to continue. After removing the non-business-related tax return factor, it is hoped that the business cash flow will continue to grow, while the Ozhou project will invest in the postnatal company’s capital.
The Ozhou project is expected to lead to over-catalyzing. The company's airport transit centre came into production in the third quarter of 2023, causing short-term pressure, such as depreciation amortization and airline switching costs.
The future increase in the utilization of aviation capacity is expected to drive down the unit cost of Sinda Securities Inc.; in addition, at the end of revenue, the axle irradiation network is completed and operational is stable.
Itd is expected to increase the penetration rate of the special fastware, but it's also expected to further stratification of the statute of limitations.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we expect the company to return 13 times its net profit to its mother in 2023-2025. The company, as the leader of the consolidated courier logistics, has a dual focus on the point of business and the point of cash flow.
We believe that the current valuation is more securely marginal and has a wide range of medium- and long-term values, maintaining “buying risk factors: time-frame requirements are less than expected; new business improvements are less than expected; \triangleright \triangleright
Zhog Ming, Doctor, University of Mines of China, registered consulting (investment) engineer, deputy general manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, member of the China Geological Minerals Economic Society, expert bank member of the China International Engineering Consulting Corporation, member of the China Price Association Coal Prices Quaker Commission, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (chair) for coal and coal.
For more than a decade, research and research in energy-related fields have led the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Programme, the revision of the coal industry's technical policy and enterprise-related advice. In June 2016, it joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal sector.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.