Actively participating in the launch of the Infrastructure Reits Declaration, which was published on 29 December 2023 by the company on the launch of the Infrastructure Reits Declaration.
Launching of the Infrastructure Reits Declaration, active construction of a platform for the operation of low-asset capital in the logistics industry, and inventorying of assets, by selecting three logistics parks, namely Shenzhen, Wuhan and Hoon Yu, on 29 December 2023,
The infrastructure fund raisers declare their release to be more efficient, and the company’s system of market-based investment financing mechanisms is improving. We keep looking at the company. We're going to choose the three-way logistics of Shenzhen, Wuhan, and Fatty.
The campus maintains its rating by conducting an infrastructure public fund-raising campaign of billions of dollars for issuers, actively building up a platform for the operation of light asset capital in the logistics industry, building up the stock of assets and improving the efficiency of the financial cycle.
Corporate market-based investment financing mechanisms are becoming more and more sophisticated. We continue to see long-term corporate growth, with companies expected to achieve net return profits by 2023-2025, engage in infrastructure fund-raising reits, and build platforms for low-asset capital operations in the logistics industry.
The company is to select three logistics parks, Shenzhen, Wuhan and Hoon Yu, for the launch of the infrastructure public fund-raising reits declaration, and to set up a platform for the operation of light asset capital in the logistics industry. The company will further expand its access to finance, while effectively tapping the infrastructure assets of the logistics industry under the company's banner and upgrading its capital.
The main reason for this is the company’s continued efforts to refine its management, with significant cost-control results, and Māori.
The company is the core asset of China’s logistics industry, a barometer of China’s economy (consumption), and has benefited from the continued improvement in China’s economy, which is expected to grow steadily.
The core statute of limitations is increased by a factor of 1.3 to the gdp. Moreover, the competitive advantage of the company ' s logistics infrastructure has continued to consolidate as the airport has improved. In 2023-2025, we adjusted the previous profit margin based on the company ' s disclosed performance of 2023q3.
Time frame express demand does not match expected risks; risks arising from express price warfare; risks arising from expansionary growth of new business: risks arising from changes in express delivery logistics policy.
• Transport: logistics