Foster (603806.ss): Enterprise Day: projected increase in photo-voltaic film output
Seven hundred million square metres, driving the year 2024 to 2.8 billion square metres, the high end of the target area. Management (605566.ss, not covered) announced the closure of photovoltaic membrane production capacity; (ii) the expansion of losses in smaller businesses and the extension of the accounts receivable period in three quarters, compared to Foster’s success in transmitting the impact of December’s increase in the price of evaporation resins.
The accounts receivable period remained generally stable. In addition, management stressed that local government involvement in the photovoltaic film area was low, as the production value of the photovoltaic film was relatively lower than that of the main material chain. 3. Poe resin prices were likely to be stable in 2025: management explained that the price of poe resin at the end of the third quarter of 2024
The rapid decline is mainly due to changes in pricing strategies and may be linked to the plan to shut down the plant after the pottery chemical was successfully nationalized (linkage). Management estimates that the current price differential between the poe and the eva resins is largely consistent with their production costs, which will limit the profit margins of lower-performing domestic manufacturers.
The price-fixing strategy is stable and domestic producers may be more cautious in their position of expansion, with management predicting that the price of poe resin will stabilize in 2025.
At the same time, the company’s plan to increase its capacity by an additional 250 million square metres in Thailand in 2025 could increase its overseas capacity from about 10% to 20% of total capacity. Management stressed that despite recent developments in the company’s photo-film industry,
At sea, however, the company is expected to maintain a strong relationship with overseas clients with a full product supply, leading research and development capabilities, and a robust balance sheet. Mi, 30% more than year-on-year increase and a year-on-year target.
Keeping up the rapid growth of more than 30% per year, and with the higher demand from the ai server and car intelligence, improved productivity and optimized product mix are expected to lead to higher profitability. Goldman Sachs has business relationships with the firms analysed in his study, and continues to seek to develop them.
Goldmansachs Foster (6038006.ss) Investment perspective, valuation methodology and risk
Investment perspective: Forster, the world’s largest producer of photo-voltaic film, has held 40-50% of the market share in the global photo-film industry since 2017. Our rating for Foster is buying, because we believe that Foster is likely to expand his market share and that the N-PV film, which is in the early stages of popularization, has a premium, and Foster’s profit margin is or will be raised as a result.
In the medium and long term, we see a strategy for companies to expand their market share in the semiconductor sector (through the light-dry film product) and in the lithium battery value chain (through the aluminium plastic film product).
Main risks: 1) lower than expected capacity utilization in the photovoltage industry and lower average cost of photo-voltage film products; 2) slower than expected expansion of production capacity; 3) higher than expected cost of raw materials; 4) accounts receivable
We, Wang Monuan, Ducie, hereby affirm that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal views on the companies or their securities. Moreover, no part of our salaries has been, is not, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The Goldman Sachs elements outline evaluates the investment background of the Unit by comparing the main indicators of a stock with the market (i.e. our coverage) and comparable counterparts. The four main indicators are growth, financial return, valuation multipliers (values) and combinations (growth, financial return, valuation multiples). Growth, financial return and valuation multipliers are calculated using normal rankings for each specific stock indicator.
The growth indicator is based on the expected increase in the sale of a stock, ebitda and per share increase in profitability (financial units use only per share and sales increase), with higher percentages indicating faster growth. Financial returns are based on the expected net asset return of a stock, rose and croci (financial units use only net assets returns), with higher percentages indicating higher financial returns of a company. Valuation multipliers are based on the expected market surplus of a stock, net market rates, stock prices/equity, v/ebitda, v/fcf, v/dacf (ev/debt-adjusted cash flow) (financial shares use only market surpluses, net market rates and equity/equity rates).
A higher percentage indicates that the value of the company is many times higher. The combined status percentage is the average of the growth percentage, the financial return percentage, and (100%-valued hundreds).
In our global coverage, we use the M & As framework to analyse stocks, taking into account both qualitative and quantitative factors (which may vary from industry to region) to take into account the possibility of acquisition of certain companies. We then rate companies on M & As from one to three, one of which represents a higher probability of a company becoming a M & A (30-50%), two of which represents a medium probability (15-30%) and three of which is a lower probability of Qantum.
Quantum is a highly specialized database providing specific financial statement data history, projections and ratios that can be used for in-depth analysis of a single company or for stock ratings compared to other companies within the scope of the study: dagonewenergy, flatiglasgroup (a), flatglass group(h), gcltechnologyholdings, hangzhoufirstappliedmal, langirenenergytechnologyco., shenzhenscnewenergytechnology,
, tclzhonghuan, tongwei, xinjiangdagoneswenergyco., xinyisolarholds