12 inches of photovoltaic silicon in the middle of the circle.
Event: On August 16, the China-China shares released the latest photovoltaic product in Tianjin -- 12 inches of super-silicon film -- "Big Father" m12 series.
There is a consensus that the silicon area will eventually achieve the best cost of lcoe. The recent introduction of 166mm large silicon tablets in the photovoltaic industry has increased by 12.2% over the previous 8 inches of m2 silicon surfaces, which I think could significantly reduce lcoe and increase the profits of manufacturing firms.
The same 144 semi-silica (72 slices) components, the same m12p perc60 semi-silica components, were 200w more powerful than the m272 semi-silica components, and the battery pressed.
22.25% calculated for component conversion efficiency of 0.91% to over 20%, superpositioned with high-efficiency batteries, capable of breaking 610w into the 6.0th century.  silicon is at the top of the photovolt industry chain, with existing battery equipment and up-to-date 12 inches missing
Comfortable, 12 inches of silicon are promoted or below expectations: as a upstream part of the production of photovoltaic components, silicon accounts for 30-40% of the cost of the components, and large silicon sizes have become the dominant trend. We believe that if the limitations on silicon size are increased, the compatibility of existing battery equipment is not sufficient.
On the supplier side, the downstream production line will be significantly adjusted, with higher costs, and the existing set-up has not yet developed a solution. Therefore, there is a cautious optimism about m12 and does not exclude the possibility of adjusting the equipment programme in a timely manner as new downstream investments are made. At the system end
On the other hand, the size and weight of the components are capped, based on the weight of the m12 so-called 600w components, which should be 45 kg, and the cost of installation will not fall in reverse. The size of the components will also increase the risk of mechanical loads and fissures, and the debris and goodness of the end of the battery will be challenged, and it will be virtually impossible to support them.
It's the largest supplier of equipment in the middle ring, and it's going to benefit significantly from the technology of photovoltaic large silicon tablets: it's the largest supplier of equipment in the middle ring, with more than 60% of the more than 3 billion new orders in 2018. It's a semiconductor silicon project that invests 20 billion yuan in the middle ring without tin.
It's also a three-way investment by the central ring, crystal-single power, and tin-free municipalities. If the penetration rate of 12 inches of silicon is higher, the core equipment provider's crystal-scene power will be the most beneficial.
In contrast to other battery equipment, some of the equipment may be technologically modified to complete the product renewal, and, in the same way, silicon expansion is expected to continue. The long-crystal furnace will be completely updated as the silicon diameter changes.
This part of the new order is particularly impressive in terms of power and power.
3. Crystal Gear Power (300316): Industry q1 performed slightly less than expected, looking down q2 for subversive products in the photovoltaic silicon industry, improving conversion efficiency and productivity.
Since 2018, the photovoltaic industry has realized that increasing the size of a single silicon is a trend that increases the efficiency and power of the components by increasing the light area of the battery, saves costs such as land and construction, and effectively upgrades the capacity of the silicon enterprise, thereby reducing costs and ultimately achieving the best cost of lcoe.
The recent launch of 166 mm large silicon tablets in the photovoltaic industry, an increase of 12.2% over the previous 8 inch m2 silicon surface area, has been well received by the industry as a significant reduction in lcoe (deep electricity costs) and an increase in the profits of manufacturing enterprises. The release of the m12 large silicon tablets with 210 mm edges and 295 mm angles has increased the size of the m2 silicon table.
Calculated, the m12p perc60 semi-forms are 200w higher than the m272 semi-parts power, and the component conversions are 0.91% higher, reaching 20% or more, and superimposed high-efficiency batteries can break through 610w and move into the 6.0 age. Figure 1:12 inches of silicon is good for the light-voltage industrial chain.
As shown in the figure below, silicon is at the top of the entire photovoltaic industrial chain. The larger size of silicon and batteries facilitates the industrial chain from silicon to batteries, especially as the cost of processing components per watt is reduced, and is an important aspect of industrial technological progress.
The increase in the power of a single component, even through the increase in the size of the component, is an effective way to reduce the cost of electricity as long as the market is well installed. Thus, the increase in the size of the silicon is a trend towards photovoltaic production.
As a upstream part of the production of photovoltaic components, silicon is 30-40% of the cost of the components. Generally speaking, silicon size upgrades increase the light area of the product, increase power and reduce the cost per watt, but at the same time increase, in recent years, large silicon sizes have become the dominant trend, with solar-grade silicone sizes developing in roughly three steps.
Para. 1981-2012 (100-125/mm), 2013-2017 (156 mm m0-156.75 mm m1-156.75 mm m2 dimensions), and at this stage 158.75 mm g1 dimensions or 166 mm m6.
Single crystal silicon growth furnace, slice device (gold line: split, string)
Control racks, pecvd, silk net printing multi-crystal silicon casting furnaces
Machines, fast burners, framers, component testers
In our view, the limitation on increasing the size of silicon is that the compatibility of existing battery equipment is not satisfactory. This requires the main production equipment to be used in the three stages of scaffolding, battery, and assembly, especially the first two rings.
Downstream (cells, assemblies, power stations) would be very large, cost-effective, and existing equipment manufacturers would not have developed solutions if the m12 dimensions were matched. Therefore, there is a cautious optimism about m12 and the possibility of adjusting the equipment programme in a timely manner as new downstream investments are made is not ruled out.
On the other hand, for the end of the system, the size and weight of the components are capped, with a 45-kilogram mass based on m12, the so-called 600w group, and the installation cost is not reversed. The size of the components also increases the risk of mechanical loads and deep cracks, the debris rate and the good rate of the end of the batteries will also be challenged, and it is largely impossible to support the trend of thin fragmentation.
The crystals engine power, the largest supplier of equipment in the middle ring, will benefit significantly from the technological overlap of the photovoltaic silicon tablets. The crystals engine power is the largest supplier of equipment in the middle ring, and in the production of silicon tablets in the semiconductor and photovoltaic industries, the crystals engine power.
In 2018, of the more than 3 billion new orders, the central ring held more than 60% of the share and was the first customer of the transistor power. The semiconductor silicon project, which was also financed by the central ring and tin-free city, was a semiconductor of $20 billion.
Taken together, the core equipment is most beneficial if the penetration rate of 12 inches of silicon is increased. In particular, it is the crystallizer, which is distinguished from the other cell block equipment. Some of the equipment may be technologically modified to complete the replacement of the product, which will be completely updated with the diameter of the silicon. In our judgement, this is the case for crystallizer power.
Photovoltaic parities are not as fast as expected, and downstream silicon millers are not as fast as expected. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Stock Company Limited has a portfolio investment advisory.