A little drop in six months' performance, semiconductor, large size.
The silicon business is expected to stimulate the growth of orders, yielding $610 million in the first quarter of the second quarter and 7.4 per cent in the ring, while the company achieved a net return profit of $251 million in the first half of the year, a decrease of 11.92 per cent in the same year.
In the first half of 2019, the photovoltaic industry gradually recovered, the monocrystal silicon market was better in demand, some silicon producers started a new round of expansion, company orders were laid down, and new orders were still subject to progressive revenue recognition after installation of the equipment and acceptance.
During the first half of 2019, the company entered into a multi-billion dollar crystal growth facility with a single crystal energy and onboard control, of which $575 million had not been completed in semiconductor contracts, and the company was still in possession of orders, which it would support.
In October 2018, the company announced that the semiconductor was going to lead the sale of semiconductors, crystals and semiconductor single crystal silicone cutters, rollers and mills with a total contract value of $403 million, not for the company.
Performance will have a positive impact. The equipment is currently being tested for collection, and the company is still active in back-channel smart processing equipment, such as semiconductor polishers, double-face mills, and future semiconductor operations will contribute to increasing corporate profitability.
The light-voltage single-crystal capacity expands, the new generation of large-scale silicon technology develops, leading to the growth of corporate orders (300316): 100-foot poles go even further, building a new wave of silicone silicon with a new wave of light-voltage, crystallized, on-board control, and three companies will start each.
In the first half of the year, the company has signed a new 1.8 billion light volts.
In addition, with 12 inches of photovoltaic silicon in the middle ring, it is expected that the new technology will be replicated in light-voltaic products (300316): performance is bright, semiconductor equipment has mature 12-inch long-crystal technology, is a leading domestic company in long-crystals, and will be well-received in the future.
In the harvest period, 2018-08-22 benefited from the large size of the photovoltaic silicon, which led to the growth of corporate orders.
(300316) Decline in performance, semiconductor operations Slow in the domestic photovoltaic industry, semiconductor operations are not as fast as expected, sapphire operations are not growing
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.