On August 16th, the company's top client, the Chinese shares in Tianjin, launched a new product launch in Tianjin.
The photovoltage industry introduced a photovoltaic new product that had previously given rise to industrial debate and speculation — 12 inches of super-silicon silicon `promotion' m12 series. The silicon surface area has increased by 80.5%.m12 silicon silicon silicon silicon staved through a 12-inch silicon stick pull, applied to the component end.
60 pieces of the n-component power can reach 620w and move directly into the 6.0-year age. The publication of the "Populse Father" will have a greater market value in circulation (millions): a significant reduction in the initial investment cost of the photovoltaic power plant, with a 6.8% reduction in the electricity cost, further boosted by an increase in electricity costs.
The company is the provider of the central ring monocrystal furnace, benefiting from the rapid deployment of m12 production capacity, with deep corporate sedimentation and a global leader in monocrystal product technology, and is now 12 inches large in semiconductor level.
According to the medium-ring plan, output planning for the m12 specification in 2020 will reach 16gw. The actual 2020 plan will now necessarily require rapid investment in the m12 series of capacity, so that the medium-ring phase five is expected to start quickly.
As a provider of upstream equipment, it will benefit directly from the introduction of the era of silicon photovoltaic silicon, a vast market for large-scale monocrystal furnaces, a review of the history of photovoltaic development, and a process of silicon sizes, from a distance of 20 years ago.
For 100 mm, it's now 156 mm, and this year Lungi shares have a size of 166 mm silicon.
At the same time, assuming a trend towards large silicone fragmentation, it will lead the entire industry to upgrade and replace upstream monocrystal equipment. Companies are the few ones with the capacity to manufacture m12 large silicon tablets and now account for 90% of the country’s high-end market share.
The company will benefit greatly from this trend, which is characterized by a huge amount of space in the field. The industry is now experiencing a new round of expansion, with a total of 55gw in the central ring, crystallography, and onboard.
The company will continue to benefit as a single-crystal provider. For semiconductor, the company is ahead of technology, deep strapped to the center ring, and is expected to lead the second round of the bidding, research phase, and crystals phase two, in the second half of the year.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, produces the present report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research and adoption.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.