The performance rating was reported in mid-2019 for the crystals engine (300316) and the growth of the accounts received in advance is expected to resume in the second half of the year.
Lulitin, in the first half of the year, with strong growth in overseas markets and full release of perc battery capacity, and a better demand for single crystal silicon, the expectation of a more efficient technology route in the future.
Pulling on, some silicon producers are starting a new round of capacity expansion. With technological strength and good branding influence on August 29, 2019, the company has expanded its long-term client cooperation base and actively opened up new customers this year.
The company’s leading position in global photovoltaic monocrystal growth equipment has been further consolidated by a combined contract of more than $1.8 billion for crystal growth equipment with each of the crystal energy, on-board control. The company’s advance in the first half of the year was $760 million, an increase of 11.87 per cent over the previous year, up from the end of 2018.
In the first half of the year, the company made a profit of 100 million yuan, a negative change. In the first quarter of the year, the net return on q2 went up by 10.00 per cent, 16.62 per cent and minus 10.38 per cent, respectively.
In the first half of the year, the company spent $100 million on R & D, and it worked to build a leading international supplier of high-end photovoltaic equipment, large-scale, large-scale R & D.
The input-sized single-crystal furnaces allow large-sized crystals to grow to meet the demands of the next generation of large-scale silicon tablets for single-crystal growth devices. At the same time, the company develops and sells crystal processing, photovoltage batteries, component-related intelligence devices, and becomes the country’s first stacker for gw-grade delivery.
The company is the lead firm in our crystalline silicon growing equipment, which, despite its performance during the first half of the year, is expected to have a lower rating system for securities investment as downstream expansion leads to an increase in demand for equipment such as single-crystal furnaces:
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company's relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.