It's a single crystal, it's a single crystal, it's a second wave of equipment, it's a multi-crystal silicon and battery blade enterprise.
In 2018-2019, polycrystal silicon is expected to increase production capacity by nearly 300,000 tons, and perc monocrystal batteries are expected to expand production by 43gw, an increase of 64% over the same period. Compared to monocrysil silicon silicon expansion in 2019, which is expected to peak in 2020 at a relatively low valley (projected).
Quantities: Single crystal silicon tablets are in short supply and have an expansionary power. Market demand for silicon tablets in 2019 is expected to grow steadily in the next few years between 120 and 140gw and between 10 and 25% over the same period.
The projected production of the perc battery in 2019 is 95gw, which estimates that 18 billion single crystal silicon tablets will be required, while the supply side: Lungi and Central Ring, two leading companies, currently producing about 900 million pieces a month, together with other silicon producers, calculates that the actual supply is still smaller than the actual demand.
The price angle: the single crystal silicone chain still has excess returns and expansional energy. Prices of the upstream multiple crystal silicons continue to fall, and there are no excess returns and create conditions for a reduction in the cost of the single silicone.
Downstream single-crystal batteries continue to run low prices, do not yield any excess returns, and stimulate demand growth. By contrast, single-crystal silicon prices have fallen by less than the upper and lower-stream links, and there are still excess returns, and equipment tap companies are expected to benefit again from single-crysilica expansion peaks.
Prominent companies with growing equipment have significant technological advantages and good competitive patterns. Potential customers of companies, including middle-ring shares, crystal energy, onboard control, etc., have published plans for expansion, and we expect new orders and company performance to be expected in 2019 in a second period of rapid growth. Performance and valuation are expected to rise.
▪ Based on the measurement of the expansion of the monocrystal silicon industry, we believe that 2020 is expected to be the peak of the expansion, and that the company’s performance is expected to increase rapidly in the year when the market price is set at 30 August 2019. We adjust the company’s profit forecast, and we anticipate the company’s profits.
In the photovoltaic industry, domestic and foreign demand is not as high as expected, single crystal silicon producers are not growing as expected, and at par, Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
Yang Shao Fai