High-end equipment manufacturing and new materials research centres report performance in line with expectations, orders reheating performance will turn upwards, the impact of a new PV deal, a sharp drop in prices for all-industrial chain products, and a sharp investment of heat by downstream PV manufacturers.
As the photovoltaic industry warmed up in the first half of 2019, the single crystal silicon market was better demand, and some silicon producers started a new round of expansion, company orders fell down, and new orders were deactivated in the installation of the equipment.
In the second half of the year, the company's performance is expected to be at a turning point with the gradual recognition of operating income after receipt and inspection.
This represents a decrease of 0.9 percentage points in comparison to 40.1 per cent; smart processing equipment collects $320 million, which represents a net cash flow of approximately $176 million in the first half of the year, compared with $153 million in the same period last year: this is mainly due to a decrease in cash paid for goods purchased in the first half of the year, as a result of corporate control of inventory.
New orders warmed up, and the second half of the year was expected to see: the company signed new optical equipment orders in 2018, more than $2.6 billion, and semiconductor equipment orders, more than $500 million, which were concentrated in the first half of last year. In 2018, the company announced a large number of orders for crystallography and onboard, totalling more than $1.8 billion.
The company's outstanding contracts totalled 2,729 million yuan per annum, an increase of 12.7 per cent per annum. Of these, the semiconductor equipment was not completed. On 16 August, the major customer's middle-consortium shares released “exaggerated” m12 light-voltled silicon tablets, and the company, as the core supplier of the central ring crystallized equipment, benefited significantly from the technological upgrade of the photovolt silicon tablets.
Wang Hua, midring leads the 8-inch silicon, and 12-inch silicon is in the validation process, and we expect a follow-up order of 8-inch semiconductor equipment to continue, 12-inch.
Chu Yonghua Policy risk in the photovoltaic industry; lower than expected risk of monocrystal silicon expansion as a result of falling silicon prices; lower than expected risk of production of the silicon photovoltaic silicon; risk of continued purchase of semiconductor equipment.
Appendix 1: From the beginning of 2018 to the present, the company has disclosed the status of major contract orders. • As of July 2019, the company had announced a large order contract for crystals energy, controlled on board, totalling more than $1.8 billion. At the end of June, the company had not completed a total of $2.729 billion, of which it did not.
Completion of semiconductor equipment contract of $575 million.Appendix 2: New orders for companies, outstanding contracts  New orders for photovoltaic equipment over $2.6 billion in 2018, based on new forms announced by companies
In the first half of last year, orders for semiconductor equipment were slowed down in the second half of 2018, and orders rose again in the first half of the year. By the end of June, companies had not completed their scores, and then calculated their final ratings as the average market investment.