The company's semi-annual report for 2019 was published on August 29th.
1178 million yuan, a decrease of 5.28 per cent in the same year, and 251 million yuan in the net return to the mother, a decrease of 11.92 per cent in the same year. Performance met expectations, with the industry gradually warming up. Receiving and inspection equipment at a higher level during the same period. 746 million yuan in crystal growth equipment was collected during the reporting period.
In comparison, there was a 28.11 per cent decline, while in the case of smart processing equipment, 315 million dollars, there was a significant increase of 276.63 per cent.
39.18 per cent, compared to 33.70 per cent in the quarter. With the gradual warming of the photovoltaic industry, the monocrystal silicon market is in better demand, it is expected that crystal growing equipment operations will be warmed back and orders expected to fall at an accelerated rate.
In the first half of the year 2019, the central ring, the crystallography, the flight announced the expansion of 25gw, 25gw, 5gw, the total size of which exceeded the previous extension, and the prospect of intensive bidding in the second half of the year.
The company will benefit significantly from the continuation of the multi-crystal trend. The increase will be 250 million in mid-course, half-conductor capacity, and investment in semi-conductor core manufacturing, with investments in Zhejiang Quixin, respectively.
In the era of super-silicon silicon, Jiangsu Jinchi, eight Sioux horses superconducted 10 million yuan, 13.35 million yuan and 5 million yuan to set up a platform for a dominant industry. The process of industrialization of the national semiconductor is now accelerating, and the company has developed it.
Twelve-inch semiconductor-grade single-crystal furnaces, eight-inch area furnaces, leading the second tender in the second half of the year, Magnetic Accelerators, Semiconductor Conservancy, 2019.08.02, with one phase of crystallization phase II, are expected to start.
In the second half of the year, the company continues to invest more in R & D, with $100 million spent on R & D in the first half of the year, which is the share of business income.
29, 49 days. The corporate cash flow for the first half of the year was $176 million, a positive change from the first quarter.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.