The reported performance is largely in line with expectations and will benefit from silicon in the future.
-5.28 per cent; net profit from maternity is $251 million, i.e. 11.92 per cent; net gain from non-mortality is $224 million, and the reported performance from Zhou Jianli is largely in line with expectations, and orders confirmed for the second half of the year will improve performance
In 2019, H1 registered a similar decline in revenues and homecomings, largely in line with expectations (in real terms, the median of the medium-state performance forecast). We believe that the main reasons for the slight decline in performance were: (i) the gradual warming of the first half of the year with the photovoltaic industry, better demand for single crystallized silicon, expansion of the central ring, crystallography, etc.
The purchase of monocrystal-based equipment orders is still at the equipment commissioning stage. According to the sub-operation, 746 million yuan, or 28.11 per cent, of the crystal growth equipment, we expect the orders for the second half of the year to confirm that they will significantly improve the crystal growth equipment collection; and 315 million dollars of the smart processing equipment.
Dollars, +276.63 per cent. 2019h1, the company ' s combined Māori rate was 36.54 per cent, i.e. 1.74 pct, of which crystal growth equipment hair was due to a decline in Māori and an increase in the cost during the period of crystal growth equipment.
A positive and scale effect is evident: the management cost rate (including R & D) is 14.4 per cent, compared to 1.7 pc; the management cost rate (not generated by a significant improvement in operating cash flows), with a significant increase in advance receipts on a year-on-year basis
The net operating cash flow of 2019h1 was 176 million, and the net cash flow of 2018h1 was -153 million, shifting from negative to positive, with a continuous silicon expansionary tide + silicon technology overlap, with a continued benefit to the core equipment provider. In the first half of 2019, the central ring shares, on-board numbers control and the crystallography announced the silicon expansion plan.
The new cycle of quarterly production is starting, and we expect that other silicon producers will continue to have silicon expansion plans announced. Crystal power supply is more than 80 per cent of the entire line. We expect that, with light voltage, orders for single crystals will remain in place and will continue to benefit over the next two years.
1 The Crystal Gear (300316): On August 16, the Central Ring shares released the latest photovoltaic product in Tianjin -- 12 inches of super-silicon -- 12 inches of silicon.
In combination, if the penetration rate of 12 inches of silicon were to increase, the core equipment provider would benefit the most.
Kawasaka signed 954 million monochrystal devices, and ... silicon expansion is expected to continue.
500 million single-crystal orders with continued silicon production performance logic. 2019-06-19 reported performance is largely in line with expectations. Order confirmations for the second half of the year will improve performance
In 2019, H1 registered a similar decline in revenues and returns, which were largely in line with expectations (in real terms, the median of the medium performance forecast). We believe that the main reasons for the slight decline in performance were: (i) higher levels of receiving and inspection equipment during the same period last year, which resulted in higher revenue recognition by h1 in 2018; and (ii) gradual warming in the photovoltaic sector in the first half of 2019, with a single crystal silicon market.
The demand is better, with orders for single-crystal furnaces procured mainly by manufacturers such as Central Ring, Crystal, and others still at the equipment commissioning stage. In the sub-operation, 746 million yuan, or 28.11%, of the crystal-growing equipment, we expect orders for the second half of the year to be a significant improvement in the crystal-growing equipment collection; and 315 million yuan, or +276.63%, of the smart processing equipment.
A month is uncertain, so revenue will be recognized centrally in the second half of the year, and performance will rebound in the second half. We report the amount of the outstanding contracts in 2018, and the amount of revenue recognized in the first half of the year to roll out, with a sales cost rate of 1.26%, compared to -0.85 pc, indicating that the firm’s products are competitive and have an advantage in terms of size.
The management cost rate (including R & D costs) was 14.4 per cent and the same ratio was +1.7 pc; the management cost rate (excluding R & D costs) showed significant improvement in the operating cash flow, with the increase in advance receipts being significant on a year-on-year basis
There has been a significant improvement in the flow of gold. 761 million in advance payments were received in 2019h1 and 518 million at the end of 2018, with an increase of 243 million ring dollars, mainly due to the increase in new forms signed in the first half of the year.
Figure 9: The increase in advance payments is significant in 209h1 Maintenance of R & D inputs, ensuring that company equipment is in the forefront of the industry The number of patents granted to companies and controlling subsidiaries is 340, of which 54 are patents and 270 are functionally new,
In the light-voltage chain, the company has successively developed crystal-growing equipment, such as fully autonomous monocrystals, multi-crystal casts, astronomers, regional molten silicon single-crystal furnaces, which are developed by the company to produce large-sized crystals that meet the demand for single-crystal-growth devices for the next generation of large silicon-sized silicon tablets. The company has developed crystal-processing,
Photovoltaic batteries, component chain-related smartware, and installed as the country's first stacking machine component for gw-class delivery, in the field of semiconductor equipment, the company is responsible for the development of 300 mm silicon single crystal direct growth equipment and national production of silicon single crystal furnaces in the 8-inch zone, which are the major national science and technology-specific “extreme large-scale integrated circuit manufacturing equipment and suites” projects.
The company has successfully developed 6-12 inches of crystal rollers, cutters, double-face grinders, and 6-8 inches of fully automated silicon polishers, which have been sold in bulk. In addition, the company is involved in investing in the production of silicon tablets without tin integrated circuits, and its technological capabilities in the field of high-end precision processing will continue to grow.
In the first half of 2019, the central ring shares, the onboard number control, and the crystals announced the silicon expansion plan. In March 2019, the central ring shares announced the 25gw silicon expansion plan; and in June 2019, the onboard control announced an investment of $3 billion.
Construction of the 5gw monocrysil crystalline project on the head: April 2019. Crystal energy signed with Leysan City at the Leysan Investment Promotion Conference, under which 15 billion won will be invested in crystal energy and 25gw monocrystal bars, cut-off projects and related supporting facilities in Leysan City. In July, the Crystal Gear announced that the company had signed 954 million crystals with Sichuan Crystal Energy.
A contract for the purchase of stoves and accessories (a monthly batch of deliveries was completed by 31 December 2019). A new cycle of production performance began in the second quarter, while other silicon producers are expected to continue to publish plans for silicon expansion. Crystals and electrons serve as the backbone of silicon production and processing equipment, supplying more than 80% of the entire line.
On August 16, the Chinese shares released the latest photovoltaic product in Tianjin – 12 inches of super-silicone – in the series "Big Father" m12 – which is the largest supplier of equipment in the central ring, in the production of silicon in semiconductor and photovoltaic industries.
Central Ring shares account for more than 60% of the more than 3 billion new orders in the year’s crystals, and are the first major customer of the crystals. The semiconductor silicon project, with a total investment of $20 billion, is also invested in a three-way partnership between the central ring, crystals, and tinless municipalities.
Photovoltaic parity access is not as fast as expected, and downstream silicon millers are less advanced than expected.