Signing of 954 million single-crystal equipment contracts with Sichuan Crystal, silicon film, incident 10/07/2019: July 10th, announcement of crystal-spill power, signing of 954 million units with Sichuan Crystal Energy
Procurement contract for crystallizers and ancillary equipment (a monthly batch delivery with full ready for delivery by 31 December 2019). The conclusion of the contract demonstrated that the fully automated monocrystal product of crystals is based on a priori technical advantage, has a very important position among downstream customers and has a strong competitive advantage.
On April 16th, 2019, at the Leysan Investment Promotion Conference, Crystal Energy signed a contract with Leysan City to invest $15 billion in the construction of 25gw monochrome bars and cutting points in Leysan City.
This expansion of crystallized equipment at 25gw, estimated at 250 million yuan per unit-gw equipment investment, with more than 6 billion units in the corresponding equipment space, the crystal-spill power being the main supplier of equipment for silicon production and processing equipment and the crystallography, supplying more than 80% of the entire line.
With the continued release of the Sichuan light-voltaic energy, orders for single-crystal equipment will continue to benefit over the next two years. The single-crystal penetration rate will continue to rise, and silicon expansion will continue to outpace expectations.
New orders will fall sharply each year. At the end of January, we proposed that, as the industry’s landscape returns to the silicon firm’s capital profile, the photovoltaic silicon industry is expected to rise to a new price boom, while the crystal penetration rate will rise and the industry will start a new production expansion cycle.
Since March 2019, China Ring shares, crystals, and on-board controls have published 25gw, 25gw, and 5gw extension plans, keeping up with our previous judgement, and the start of a new cycle of production capacity in the second quarter, while we anticipate that other silicon producers will continue to publish silicon expansion plans.
With regard to equipment space, the market size of the monocrystal equipment industry could reach 8.7 billion between 2019 and 2020.  Increased monocrystal penetration + small inter-profit fluctuations, accelerating the price-neutral era. Silicone penetration in 2018 reached 50 per cent and is expected to rise to over 75 per cent by 2020.
At the same time, the industry is growing by 20-30% annually, and the demand for single crystal silicone equipment will grow faster than the installed ones. We expect that the silicon chain will not change much technologically, and at the same time, near the price-neutral era, the single silicon silicon will be smaller than in the past, with the industry expanding as a general event.
For domestic monocrystal growth equipment, the depth of the equipment that would benefit from the increased monocrystal penetration rate would require sufficient hand orders in 2019 and 2020, with company performance expected to increase by over a billion yuan, of which the contract value for all shipments would be $584 million and the partial delivery contract would be $1,106 million.
The value of the outstanding contract is $845 million. The company’s main optical order production cycle is three 350 million single-crystal orders, silicon production week, and the receipt and inspection period after delivery is three to five months. This order is 954 million yuan in 2019.
2. Crystal Power (300316): q1 entry and profit. As the expansion plans for crystals, meringues, on-board control and so on, the monocrystal equipment perform slightly less than expected, watch q2 go down.
2019-04-10. Crystal energy invested $15 billion in Sichuan to build a 25gw photovoltaic project in the future.
On April 16, 2019, at the Leysan Investment Promotion Conference, Crystal Energy contracted with Leysan City to invest $15 billion in crystal energy to build 25gw monocrystal bars, cut-off projects and related ancillary facilities in Leysan City. This time, Crystal Production was expanded by 25gw, estimated at 250 million yuan per unitgw equipment investment, with more than 6 billion units, crystals, crystals, etc.
As the main supplier of equipment for silicon production and processing equipment and crystals, it can supply more than 80% of the entire line. We expect that with the release of crystals at Sichuan photovoltaic capacity, orders for single-crystal equipment will continue to benefit over the next two years.
After the continuous rise in monocrystal penetration and the expansion of silicon production over-expected, 531, the market is generally concerned that there will be no new investment in the photovoltaic silicone chain, and that the new orders from the equipment company in 2019 will fall significantly. At the end of January, we offered to raise the financial profile of the silicone business as the industry returns to a more favourable outlook.
A new wave of price hikes is expected, along with a rising single crystal penetration rate and a new expansion cycle for the industry. Since March 2019, the central ring shares, crystals, and onboard controls have published plans for 25gw, 25gw, and 5gw expansion, keeping up with our previous judgement, and the start of a new second-quarter production cycle, while we anticipate other silicon silicons.
With regard to equipment space, the market size of the monocrystal equipment industry could reach $8.7 billion between 2019 and 2020. The monocrystal penetration rate has increased + the profit swing zone has become smaller, and the price parity era has accelerated.
The Silicon monocrysil sector, with a penetration rate of 50% in 2018, is expected to rise to over 75% by 2020, while the industry has increased its capacity by 20-30% annually, and the demand for silicone equipment will grow faster than the installed equipment. We expect the silicone chain to have no major technological changes, and as it approaches the price parity era, the Silic silicon sector will continue to be less profitable than it used to be, and the industry will continue to operate.
The expansion was an approximate event, and the crystals engine power, as the domestic sole crystal growth engine, would benefit in depth from the equipment requirements resulting from the increased single crystal penetration rate. 584 million yuan was the contract for all deliveries, 1,106 million yuan was the contract for some shipments and the amount of the contract had not yet been delivered.
The company’s main photovoltaic order production cycle is three months, and the receipt and inspection cycle after delivery is three to five months. Income and profits from year to year and 2020.
Photovoltaic parity access is not as fast as expected, and downstream silicon millers are less advanced than expected.