Mango super-media (300413.sz) Mango super-media (300413.sz)
In 2018, the market size of the online video industry will reach 125 billion, with 578 million civil mobile viewers, and about 50 per cent of advertising revenue and 30 per cent of membership fees, respectively.
The online video industry is still in a fast-growing cycle of market size, with 50 per cent of total revenue and content payments increasing to nearly 30 per cent between 2017 and 2020; online video is one of the main needs of users to use mobile interoperability, with 578 million users mainly through the 800 million Internet users in the first half of 2018.
Mobile end viewers view online videos, mobile video months are over 1 billion people, and people watch them for about half an hour a day. Only high-quality video content can attract users at a time when users have less and less time for full entertainment, and when short videos break out quickly.
In June 2018, under the Hunan banner of electricity, Happy Sunshine, Mangos, Entertainment Media, Mango Shadows, and Mango Shadows, respectively.
The Mango Recreation Five, which is worth 11.5 billion packs and is known as Mango Super-Mechanism, has the fourth largest mango tv operator in the online video industry worth 9.53 billion yuan. Happy Sun 17 years of business income is 3,385 million yuan, or 86.3 per cent for yoy; net profit is 714 million.
The price of Mongotv's right of transmission in the south of the lake is nearly 30 per cent, well below 51,46 per cent, of which the share of advertising revenue is 39.55 per cent, bringing Mongotv 1.332 billion yuan.
On the other hand, the cash gap for Happy Sunshine in 2017 has narrowed, net mobilization has declined significantly, and companies have entered the  Mangotv platform model, which is the only “on-line video + television” model in a unit, with content operations and operator services operating at 188 per cent in cagr for the last three years being better than “love” income structures.
For 10 years in a row, Mangotv has the highest viewing rate in the province, with the ability of the Hunan Guard to produce a continuous product. Mangotv has a unique video location based on mango exclusive + high quality selection + unique home-made video targeting young urban users, with a strategy of “rejuvenation, recreation” and “Negotiators” in the 2018 film.
Rocking is 10 billion dollars, Love, Big Future profits are visible, and the next half of the year is planned to be broadcast headlines, "Since sad, " Breaking the Dome" and Mango home-made plays, "The Fire King," "My Poseidon" and so on: "The World of Courage", "Where Daddy goes 6", and the next half is going to be launched.
As of June this year, Mango tv had 50 million active users and over 6 million paid members. In advertising, Mango tv.
In the second half of the year, revenue from advertising is expected to remain relatively high. In content marketing, 987 million yuan, or 119%, or yoy, or nearly 30% of total income from happy sunshine.
Achicchi is a major client of the company, and we make investment proposals based on three points: one, happy sun positioning "Online Video + Wire"
The company, which is a scarce type of unit, has the capacity to gain direct access to high-quality resources in Hunan, both to guarantee the advantages of broadcasting in its own mangotv and to generate additional income through copyright distribution and replacement, which should be subject to higher valuations; and 2, the company ' s revenue growth and loss in 2017 was faster and more profitable, with Internet video,
In the second half of the year, Mangotv had a multiplicity of popular pop-ups, with a higher degree of certainty in performance growth, and we expect that the number of copyright distribution replacements and fee-paying members will continue to grow faster.
Hunantai is unable to continuously export content risks, video-broadcasting performance below expected risk, production performance below expected risk, policy regulatory risk, etc. 1, 2018 online video industry market size will reach 125 billion, 578 million civilian mobile viewers, and adverts will be available on the Internet.
The online video industry is still in a fast-growing cycle of market size, with the market size cagr rising to nearly 30 per cent between 2017 and 2020: online video as one of the main needs of users for mobile Internet use in the first half of 2018.
Of the 800 million online users, 578 million are using mobile end-to-end viewing of online videos, mobile video monthly breaking of 1 billion, and per capita viewing time of about half an hour a day. With less and less time for full entertainment, and a rapid outbreak of short videos, only high-quality video content can attract users.
The company's re-assembly of 11.5 billion assets completes the consolidation of the entire industry of new media platforms and content, and in 2017 the happy sun turned out to be a net profit of $714 million, with Internet video and content operating contributing 50% and 30% of the income, respectively. June 2018, Happy Sunshine, Mango Recreation, Daily Entertainment Media, Mango Shadow and Mango Recreation under the Hunan Power Flag.
The five companies as a whole packed up to 11.5 billion dollars and renamed Mango SuperMemor, with the online video industry ranked 4th Mangotv operator, with the value of 9.53 billion yuan in happy sunshine. 3,385 million yuan in happy sunshine and 86.3% in yoy; net profit for mothers, 714 million yuan, achieved.
The sales rate is 31.5%, with a net interest rate of 14.45%. The operating cost is nearly 30% of total income, and Mangotv's annual happy sunshine Internet video business accounts for 51.46%, of which advertising revenue is 39.55%, generating $1,332 million for Mangotv; content operations are the fastest growing business in 15-17, cagr.
A total of 188 per cent, or nearly 30 per cent, of income in 17 years, and $611 million, or 18.15 per cent, from the operator's services. On the cash side, the cash gap for the Happy Sunshine Business in 2017 was narrowed, net mobilization declined significantly, and the company moved into a rapid development phase.3 Mangotv is the only platform model for a unit, with caagr reaching 188 per cent in the last three years.
Hunan Watch has the ability to continuously export the best content, and has the highest viewing rating for the ten-year period. Mangotv uses mango exclusive + high-quality selection + unique home-made video positioning, targeting young urban users, to hit the Year.
The strategy is lightened and entertained. In 2018, we played "Negotiator, Shake" for 10 billion, "Love, Big Future" for profit, and in the second half, we planned to broadcast the headlines "Silent Rivers", "Flowing the Atoll", and Mango home-made plays "The Fire King," "My Poseidon," and so on. In the second half of the year, we're going to launch "The brave world," "Daddy."
In terms of the number of members, the large number of head shows and the variety of art reserves has been very effective in boosting the flow of platforms and the number of members. As of June of this year, Mangoiv has been active in 50 million households, paying over 6 million members. In terms of advertising, Mangotv and Hunan Watch have joined in recruiting.
In the second half of 2017, income from advertising is expected to remain relatively high. In content marketing, 987 million yuan, or 119%, of both, account for nearly 30% of the income from happy sunshine, and tsong and eccentric art are its major clients.
We have made investment proposals based on the following three points:
The growth was faster and reversed, and the three main operating agencies for Internet video, operator services and content operations were expected to have a healthy co-location site: in the second half of 2018, Mangotv had a multiplicity of popular video philosophies, with a higher degree of certainty in performance growth, and we expect that the number of copyright distribution replacements and fee-paying members will continue to grow at a faster pace in the second half of the year.
In the second half of 2018, Mangotv had a number of popular photo-mixes in storage, with a higher degree of certainty about performance growth, and we expect that the number of copyright distribution replacements and fee-paying members will continue to grow faster in the second half of the year.
The market may be concerned about whether Mango super-movement will continue to make profits if the online video industry, including video troupe, Achicchi, and the cool Trio, is not yet profitable. We believe that Mango super-movement is both online video industry and not "Beauty Love." Retarding to the Hunan Tower allows mango super-movement to be far below the average content spending level of the market.
Cost, access to high quality content resources in Hunan Tower. In addition to airing Mangotv in their own home, it is possible to store a variety of popular magotv film ciprograms in the second half of 2018, with a higher degree of certainty in performance growth; 2 - Net profit returns for the first half of the year forecast by the company are equal to 49.09% - 77.770% - 495 million - 590 million.
Hunantai is unable to continue to export content risks, video-broadcasting performance below expected risk, target asset performance below expected risk, policy regulatory risk, etc. First, the online video industry is in a fast-growing market-scale cycle, which will reach $200 billion by 2020
(i) Market size: The online video industry is expected to have a market size of 95.2 billion yuan in 2020; market size growth in the online video industry is expected to continue, amounting to 19.16 billion yuan in 2020; and online video platforms in China are currently generating income mainly from content payments and advertising.
According to the report, the size of the content-paying market increased from RMB 390 million in 2012 to RMB 21.790 billion in 2017, which is expected to rise from 4.4 per cent to 24.8 per cent, and the size of the online advertising business increased from RMB 6.7 billion in 2012 to RMB 326 billion in 2016 as a turning point for the Chinese video payment outbreak in 2015.
The ratio is projected to decline from 73.4 per cent to 48.6 per cent, and user-paying income is replacing the traditional online advertising business as the leading growth engine, with the online video industry gradually developing a more balanced and healthy profit model. (iii) Size of users: 95 per cent of the Internet population chose to watch video on a mobile phone, with mobile video monthly activity reaching 1,055 million in June 18
According to the cnic survey, in June 2018, the size of China ' s online video users reached 609 million, an increase of 30.14 million, or 76 per cent, from the end of the year; mobile video users reached 578 million, an increase of 2.929 million, or 73.4 per cent, compared to the end of the year.
The trend towards concentration on the mobile end is even more evident — 94.8 per cent of video users use mobile phones to view online video programmes, and according to a study by questmobile, the mobile video app industry was active monthly as of June 2018, reaching 1,055 million users while benefiting from short video growth and net monthly activity in the mobile video industry in the first half of 2018.
121 million more than 95.3 per cent more penetration (iv) industry pattern: "Beauty Love" is fiercely competitive, and the second echelons are deep-deep in the vertical market, according to data published by Ignorance, as of June 2018, Achijemau was 535 million.
The video mau stands at 469 million, the cool mau stands at 409 million, and the "trio" captures the top three of the online video apps and data on the sun, and makes a clear difference with the fourth mango tv. The second team, represented by mangotv and Bilibili, is online, due to a marked difference in size with the "trio"
Distances, using a strategy of deep-ploughing vertical markets in their respective fields, try to create their own characteristics in the integrated market and attract specific user groups. For example, mangotv plays "Young + Female" and b station plays "Second dollar + Game." Chart 6: Top10 Number of Mobile Integrated Video Appliance Users
(v) Infiltration: video viewing accounted for 9.2 per cent of total mobile Internet usage, according to data provided by questmobile, as of June 2018, China had a single-day per-person mobile Internet use of 289.7 minutes, close to 5 hours, while yoy had 23.2 per cent of online video still used by users.
One of the main needs for networking is 27 points per person per day. From the point of view of online entertainment, online video is one of China’s leading online entertainment forms, according to the Aichi art announcement, with more than 80% of users spending their time on online entertainment and spending more than 80% of their time on Internet video.
ii. Five companies, including Happy Sunshine under the Hunan banner of wide electricity, for a total of 11.5 billion packs of wap.happigo.com, with goods covering “beautiful skin protection”, “hygienic health”, “homekeeping”, “beautiful clothing”, “digital home appliances”, “recreational fine” and the like. In 2018, the parent company, at a price of $11.5 billion, will have happy sunshine, mango fun, and so on.
One hundred per cent of the shares of the Leisure Media, Mango Shadow, Mango Entertainment Five companies are packed into happy purchases and renamed Mango Supermedia, completing new media platforms and content integration, leading the business from retail to new media platforms, interactive media content production and media retailing the entire industry chain.
(i) The acquisition of Mango Media net profit of 714 million yuan in 2017, an increase of 57.33 per cent over the same year. On the night of 21 June 2018, Happy Shopping Co. Ltd. announced that its major assets had been recapitalized and that Hunan had been packed with hundreds of millions of happy buyouts. 100 per cent of all happy sunshine, mango fun, Sky Entertainment Media, Mango Shadows and Mango entertainment
Happy acquisition of shares in the Mango media to purchase their share of happy sunshine 84.13%, Mango fun 51.80%, Mango entertainment 100%, Mango visuals 100%, Mango entertainment 100%, Mango Seaton, Xiaomen, Shanghai and China, United Capital, Hunan Mandarin Brigade, Guang Da Niang, Guangzhou Toyo, Mango and China
To purchase the sum of 15.87 per cent of the happy sun shares held by Mango, Tefu Tibet, South China Culture, Growing Culture, Shanghai China Wei Wei, 48.20 per cent of the sum of the mango shares, Happy Buying of the sum of 48.20 per cent of the sum of the fun of the mango shares proposed to raise $2 billion in the sum of five publicly released shares from no more than five investors to be used in the bid
The company’s happy sunshine is implementing the Mangotv copyright bank expansion project and the cloud storage and multiscreen broadcasting platform project. (iii) Mango media, controlled by Hunan Taiwan, holds 67.91% of the share, the first shareholder of Mango super-media, according to the company’s announcement, Mango Media, a fully-owned subsidiary of Radio and Television Hunan, is the mango super-mango.
One major shareholder, 43.12% of the shares, and five companies, such as the Happy Sunshine of the Reorganization, are actually in control of Mango Media. The Mango Media share in Mango Super-Mechanism (formerly Happy Buying) rose to 67.91% after the deal (without taking into account the collection of support packages), and continued to hold shareholders in the company, with Hunan Tower still holding 100% of the Mango Media.
At the date of signing the purchase report, the total stock of the listed company was 401.0 million shares.
(iv) The completion of the stake on the assets targeted, based on the performance of the mango super-molecer (formerly happy purchase) against the wager agreement, including the happy sun.
The Division committed to a net profit of 522 million from 2017 to 2020 attributable to the owner of the parent company after deducting non-recurring losses, based on the audit reports and financial statements of five companies disclosed by Mango Supermoment (formerly Happy Purchases) that in 2017 performance of five targets was faster than expected to reverse the loss quickly, with Mangotv well above expectations. Five companies combined net gains of $730 million.
Three, two hundred and twenty-one million dollars over the bets, seven hundred and twenty-four million dollars for the happy sun in 2017, and 50 and 30 per cent of the income from Internet video and content operations, respectively.
As a result of this major asset restructuring, Mango super-mago (ex-happy buying) operations have expanded from simple media retailing to new media platforms operating, and new media interactive content production.
It is easy to see, according to the announcement, that the mango superman (formerly happy buying) was the main target of the 95 billion dollars worth of happy sunlight for the mangotv operator.
(i) The three-year happy sun harvest of 87.68 per cent of the cagr was reversed to a net profit of $714 million for 2017, not 26.17 per cent and 170.4 per cent. The mangotv operator lost 690 million dollars of happy sunshine in 2016, while in 2017 it quickly lost 489 million yuan, exceeding the bets agreement by 174 million yuan.
Scceo states that the significant increase in the performance of the happy sun is due to advertising and a significant increase in membership income, but we believe that the main reason is that the happy sunshine introduced a new amortization method starting in 2016, with a significant annual reduction in amortization costs, an increase in assets that should be non-formed, and a significant decrease in the cost of content, resulting in a rapid increase in net profits.
(ii) 31.5 per cent Māori sales rate in 2017, net interest rate 14.45 per cent (iii) Main business: 51 per cent Internet video business, higher revenues from copyright distribution than year to year
According to the collection structure, the percentage of Internet video businesses with happy sunshine fell by 4.53 pcts to 51.46% in 2017, and the share of content operations rose by 3.82 pcts to 29.32%. The overall income structure is more reasonable.
By far the highest, 1,332 million yuan, or 39.55 per cent of total income, was generated for mangotv; members ' income was $390 million, or 11.59 per cent; and direct income was 10.67 million, or 0.32 per cent. Operators ' services earned more than $610 million, and figure 19: 30 per cent of proceeds from the distribution of mangotv copyrights in 2017.
Mangotv, the country's fourth largest online video site, spends much less than the three big "Big Love" giants, mainly because Mangotv is primarily a network export port at the Hunan Tower and requires an independent purchase of copyrights or home-made content.
billion, 1,688 million yuan and 2.32 billion yuan, representing a growth rate of 7.86 per cent and 37.44 per cent, respectively. At the end of March 2018, Aichiri disclosed that its net profit for 2015-2017 was 2,575 million yuan, 370.4 billion yuan, -37.37 million yuan, and expenditure on content in 2017 amounted to 12,617 million yuan.
At the time of the release of the 2017 mid-year report, it was reported that the net loss on the online video business was still growing and that the online video industry continued to lose.
It may take a long time to achieve a balance of payments, and Ali Baba, in his third quarter of the financial year 2018, announced the profit and loss of Ali's entertainment, which was $3.88 billion in the current quarter. Mangotv's biggest leverage is the tree on the Hunan Tower.
The price of the right to disseminate information in the country is $411 million. According to the agreement signed with Hunan Watch, Internet copyrights were sold at $451 million, 496 million and 546 million between 2018 and 2020, respectively. By comparison, the market for increased access to copyrights occupied more markets in 2018, with the number of eccentrics, video shows, and top 10 billion.
The copyright budget, with content spending well below the market average, represents the greatest advantage in making a profit. (v) Cost rates tend to decline, with overall cost rates rising slightly, with sales costs accounting for about 80 per cent of the total cost; financial costs represent large cash holdings, interest and investments in negative corporate hands.
Revenues fully covered the cost of financing. (vi) Improved corporate cash flows in 2017, firms moving into a high-speed development phase billions of yuan, and net cash flows from financing activities decreased from $1,103 million to $202 million, indicating that while the happy sun is still at its beginning
The start-up, mainly by absorbing large amounts of capital generated by investment, creates productive capacity and opens up markets. But the large money runbacks in the company’s business operations in 2017 have narrowed the gap between the net cash outflows of business operations and, in order to increase the market share, the significant increase in the cash outflows of investment suggests that the company is moving into a fast-growing phase.
The net profit from the merger of the same controlled firms in the first half of the year was 468 million yuan-56.8 million yuan for non-recurring gains and losses.
iv. A scarce “online video + television” platform model, content operations and operator services operations make up a better income structure than “beautiful love.” Mangotv, operated by Hunan Happy Sun Interactive Entertainment Media Ltd. (“Happy Sun”).
In May 2008, Mangotv was launched as a video platform call sign, which has evolved over the years to form an industry branded “Mango tv”, including Mangotv (Internet TV, pc, phone, pad), a full end-of-service business for operators and mobile value-added operations.
The city company, which has for many years been involved in the competition for video sites, has also been widely noted by breaking the identity of television stations that have provided copyright content to video sites. (i) Hunan has a very deep power capacity to produce quality content on a continuous basis.
According to the analysis of China’s 500 most valuable brands published in 2018 by the World Brand Laboratories, Hunan Guang ranked fourth in the media industry’s brand value list, and first in the province. Hunan Guardian’s “Young + Recreation” development strategy, which has been built over the years, has led to a happy home camp, a daily upturn,
Super Woman, Happy Man, Where Dad is, I'm a singer, and I'm a big talent, and a number of big dramas, such as "Yerejugger," "Hana Bone" and "The Name of the People" have generated a wave of fun for all. Since 2009, Hunan has been looking at the best in the world, and has been watching for 10 years in the province.
(ii) Online video: a mango-only + quality selection + unique home-made video location, with a focus on “rejuvenation, recreation” Mangotv being the only Internet video platform under the banner of Radio and Television Hunan and the only one with a full platform in the country, providing an early advantage platform for high quality content of electricity in Hunan.
The high-quality video-demand service, which is accompanied by popular television dramas, films, comprehensives, cartoons, music video content, and some of its networks, is broadcast live. Mangotv uses a unique home-grown video location of mangos alone as the most youthful appeal platform in the industry to stay in the first wave of the industry.
In 2017, during the first 10 consecutive dramas in the interior, the popular series Chujo, the Book of Heaven and the Name of the People, among others, saw the breaking of 30 billion dollars, which was synchronized by the Hunan Watch and Mangotv online. In 2018, Mangotv's supernetic show, Love, was aired on its own and aired at 2.7 billion dollars for two months in a row.
Top of the list, celebrated as the country's best idols in the first half of 2018; the national and city networks where the television show "The Way Forward" was well received with its film quality, excellent production and great actor performance, and where the profits were evident; and the weekly "I stand on the bridge to watch the scenes", "The gold investor," "Young as We" and so forth.
In the first place, Sweet Strikes and the Long-Fighting Song are now on the air, and Mango tv is expected to be shown in 2018 in movies such as Sad Falls, Know No, If so Love, The War of the Fire, and Breaking the Dome.
In 2017, Mango tv was on the list of multi-player shows like "Where Daddy goes to Season 5", "The Stars" and "The Stars" and "The Stars" and "The Stars" and "The Stars" and "The Stars" and "The Stars."
In the first half of 2018, Mangotv's own-made so-called "I'm a Big Detective" landed on the Lake South Watch, ranking 10 out of ten.
The cumulative amount was 1.95 billion, 1.14 billion, $640 million, and 580 million. The cumulative amount of 2.38 billion " I am the Big Detective " landed on the watch in the south of the lake, ranking first in 10 issues. My youth in Silk Road, " I love China " , and other melodramas promoting social and economic benefits, were highly recognized by all sectors of society.
Mango tv is also expected to be on-line in 2018 in such amphibious shows as "The brave world", "Where Daddy goes", "Star Detective", "I'm the future two", "Dear Inn Two" and "The Voice." (iii) Advertisements: "A Wide Two-Spanding" are favoured by advertisers, and Internet companies have increased their marketing efforts.
During the year, Mangotv earned 1.330 billion yuan in advertising, or nearly 40% of the total. Mangotv joined forces with Hunan Watch in 2017, which means that an advertisement can be placed in a programme and broadcast simultaneously at both ends of the Hunan Vigilance and Mangotv network, reducing the cost to advertisers and increasing the rate of advertising conversion.
Since 2018, there has been a steady rise in the number of front-line watch shows and the saturation of the business. Hunan Watch and Mango tv, which are based on differentiated products and target clients, maintain a steady increase in the number of programmes.
According to the Mango supermedia announcement, of the 19 programmes broadcast by the Hunan Watch and Mangotv in 2017, a total of 1,069 million yuan was distributed, while Mangotv received 300 million yuan in tax payments from the soft-and-wide convenor, which is more visible than the new programmes of nearly three different platforms in 2018.
In the first half of 2018, Mangotv had 11 brand partnerships, 26 brands and 63 per cent.
As Mangotv targets young urban women, its potential partners focus on the Internet, make-up, and food and beverage industries. (iv) Pay-for-member: out of 6 million, the contents are still the main pull-outs for the promotion of membership payments.
According to the latest financial report, as of the second quarter of this year, 74 million members were paid for the video, while 121% were paid by yoy, mainly for exclusive content, compared to others. Aichi followed closely, with 67.1 million paid members, 75% paid by yoy, and 2.5 billion dollars in contributions for the services of the members.
The number of payers of Mangotv is the largest short list compared to the first stage of the troupe video, Achicchi, and eccentricity. In 2017, Mangotv’s membership earned only $390 million, or less than 12%.
On the altar, a group of Mango tv data revealed by Lu Huinbin, the director and secretary of the Hunan Radio and Television Party, shows that at present, there are more than 6 million mengoes and more than 6 million payers. At the end of 2017, Mango tv paid 4.51 million members, with a rate of 15% (average number of members per month) and a monthly rate of 3.01 million (average number of members per month).
Considerable progress has been made, but there is still a clear gap with the amount of “pity money.” According to our April report, China’s video-paying industry is taking off, and platform-based head content companies are the beneficiaries, quality content is the most important means of promoting newer users and attracting user fees from the stock.
An example of this year ' s Great Hot Multi-Culture Programme, “The Voice” — which was broadcast jointly by Hunan Watch and Mangotv — was an average increase of 33.8 per cent in the dau of Zheman Gotv. The increase in the number of active users was an important Questmobile, a joint bond that attracted its members to pay fees.
In April 2014, Radio and Television Hunan launched a copyright-inclined policy support for the Mango solo strategy, stating that “a number of new programmes, including Flowers and Young People, will no longer sell Internet copyrights to the outside world, except for Mango tv, a video site under the flag. As a result of the rapid development of web-based sociable art, it is said that content such as “China has hip-hop” for new developments.
In 2017, according to the Mango super-manufacturing report, the content business earned 987 million yuan, or 119%, or 29.32% of the gross income of the happy sunshine, which has been rising since 2015.
In 2018, Mangotv's copyright reserves were enriched, and the distribution of copyrights for monofiltration and philanthropy was further intensified.
The parallel world has been transformed from monocasting to monolithic and co-opportunistic broadcasting, resulting in increased income-generating capacity for the monolithic. The traffic drama "Sweet Strikes, Fire King" is distributed to evangelical videos and eccentric arts, among which the Fire King is expected to recognize an income of 290 million.
We make investment proposals based on the following three points: One, a platform company for happy sun positioning “Online Video + Wire” has the capacity to directly access high-quality resources in Hunan Tower to ensure airing in its own mangotv.
The advantages, and the additional income to be earned through the distribution and replacement of copyrights, are supposed to be higher value values; the company's 2017 profits and gains are faster, and the three main business institutions for Internet video, operator services and content operations are expected to be healthy; and, in the second half of the year, Mangotv has a number of popular film ciprograms and a certain level of growth in performance.
High, we expect that the number of copyright distribution replacements and fee-paying members will continue to grow faster in the second half of the year. Hunantai cannot continue to export content risks, film-based entertainment performance falls short of expected risks, target asset performance falls short of expected risks, policy regulatory risks, etc.
The Academy sales team, Cho's Voice, Seo Jia-Lin.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.