Mango SuperMechanism (300413) Business Trade Co-development of the whole industry chain, unique upgrade of Mangotv brand, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Distribution of 590 million ordinary shares at a cost of $11.55 billion for the acquisition of five targets, including happy sunshine, which will be reorganized into a new media group covering the entire industrial chain. The five targets are happy sunshine, mango fun, daily entertainment media, and mango visual investors, with no more than $2 billion in non-public portfolio financing to expand the copyright pool and platform.
Video content is a power point that drives the growth of individual plates. • Internet video business: unique content advantage + lead in ci-fi production + differential user positioning + soft wide-seller excellence + low-cost access to Hunan Taiwan copyright, and Internet video business loss. The video industry is now competitive.
Gulls, the cashmere website Mangotv's vertical segmentation area, where home-made content, paid membership, competes for the key points of the web sites. With Mangotv's unique content advantage of "Hungnam Radio Monopoly + Home-made + Outsourcing," membership and advertising revenues are rising: the S-class master-based art, Star Detective, where Dad goes.
For example, "Star Big Detective" became "I'm a Big Detective" for the first time, with a platform against breastfeeding; "Young + Female" user group was diverted, and brand loyalty has been established in this vertical area; soft and wide engagement with the Hunan Tai Federation has been evident in its advantages; and low-cost copyright access to the Hunan stage has eased the cost of content.
• Content and operator operations continue to contribute steadily to profits, enabling companies to expand profits. Mangotv profit channels are diverse, Internet video businesses (advertising revenue, membership income), content operations, operators, etc.
Mangotv has won copyright for his homemade content for the period 2018-2020 in Hunan, with preferential rights to buy after 2020;
Full license plates, high turnover of operators, and high profit stability: 1) we expect a net return of 5.5 billion yuan in 18 years from 2018 to 2020 from Mango excess agents, 7.2 times the ps, valued at 39.6 billion; 18 years for mango entertainment, etc.
With $196 million in performance and a happy 18-year projected net profit of $75.35 million for 15 and 21 times, respectively; increased risk of regulation of audio-visual content on the Internet; and lack of response to expected risks.
1.1 Television shopping started with the consolidation of mango assets into new media groups. Mango super-suppliers (happy purchases) started in television shopping and converted into e-commerce. Mango assets have now been injected into a new media group to become a whole industry chain layout.
In May 2008, Hunan TV transferred 85% of its share of happy purchases to Hunan Radio and Video Group, and then the 100% share of happy purchases was injected into the Golden Eagle Holdings of the South China Broadcasting and Television Group. Since then, happy purchases have absorbed social capital such as institutional investors, individual investors, etc., and were converted to a new form in April 2011.
In April 2018, the CSRC reviewed five Mango media-controlled companies, including the happy acquisition of shareholdings and the gloom of sunshine, and in August completed the registration of business changes and renamed them Mango Supermaxes.
Figure 1: Mango super-media history continues to be a realist, with a greater concentration of shares. The company’s total stock value is 400 million before the release of the undisclosed shares.
After the acquisition, the total stock of the company was raised to 990 million shares. After the deal, the Mango media continued to hold shareholders in the company, with a share ratio rising from 43.1% to 67.9%, and after the takeover, after Hunan Tower held 100% of the Mango Media shares, while the actual owner of the happy purchase was still Hunan.
The shareholder Mango media and its co-actors have a total of about 70.1 per cent of the new stock holdings and a more centralized equity structure. 1.25 billion dollars of the bid was injected into listed companies, HUNDAY explores capitalization, based on the happy purchase of new shares, the company issued 19.61 yuan/stocks, 16 deals to Mango media, etc.
About 590 million general shareholdings are issued, with a total transaction price of about $11.55 billion for 100% of the five targets: happy sunshine, mango fun, daily entertainment, media, mango vision and mango entertainment, three years for mango super-mago chains, and one year for the rest of the transactions.
This injection of assets covers the entire media chain, and in the future it will create stream media content, new media platforms, and Internet information.
Table 2: Stock-buying information: Happy purchasing of shares and purchase of assets, and collection of matching funds from no more than five selected investors.
The cost of content is the main cost for the operation of the subsequent Mangotv platform, and the accompanying financing for the purchase of copyright eases the cost of content. The cloud storage and multiscreening platform is the core technology carrying platform for video viewing.
Mango tv video production systems and terminals such as pc, mobile, Internet television, etc., allow for the storage of large amounts of video resources, the collection and operation of large amounts, support for full-end flow, the platform to build enabling platforms to operate, enhance user viewing experiences and save on hardware and software infrastructure costs.
Table 3: Estimated use of matching funds (millions of yuan) for the year 132017, with a five-point mark of promising performance and a much higher than expected performance of happy sunshine, the mango supermarket (happy buying) formed a complete new media industry chain.
U, O'Hau, Yu, Chen, and others) provide human support for mango entertainment, mango video and video production under the banner of the entertainment media, video productions, the production of three banners that can be distributed through the mango tv online video and iptv operations under the banner of happy sunshine, and the introduction or formation of ip in the upper part of the industrial chain can be developed into game products through mango recreation, while mango entertainment, mango entertainment, mango.
The products of fruit-vision, happy sunshine, mango entertainment can also increase the influence of entertainers under the banner of the entertainment media, and the anti-breeding media are profitable for five companies in the year, with happy sunshine growing because of members' and advertising earnings, operators' business, content operations, and the increase in the Māori rate due to the soundness of the content and the optimal input of the content, which makes the performance of happy sunshine more than expected.
During the year, corporate profitability increased by 28.7 per cent in 2017, an increase of 11.5 percentage points over 2016, and by 2017, the content of which was the point of action, leading to growth in the various sectors. The new media platform showed an upward trend in advertising, membership, content operation and operator revenue, with a marked increase in members ' operating income and a further optimization of the income structure.
In 2017, the five targets exceeded their commitment performance. The core targets of the happy sunshine were improved by the Māori rate of Internet video operations, the growth of content operations and operators, which in 2017 was reversed to gain and exceeded the promised performance of 170 million yuan. In 2018-2020, the Mango media ' s commitment to the five targets totalled 880 million yuan, 1.09 billion yuan, and 1.49 billion yuan, respectively, of which the core targets were:
The performance of the Happy Sun commitment was 680 million, 910 million and 1.29 billion respectively, with a combined 31 per cent increase in total performance commitments over the three years.
The industry is now at a high rate of growth. Vertically, the Internet video industry has now entered a high rate of growth after the break-up period, and income growth has declined, but has remained at a high level of growth of around 50%. In 2016, the domestic Internet video industry earned 95.23 billion yuan per year, an increase of 48.4% over the same period.
The Internet video industry in the more mature United States is compared to 580 million Internet users and 75% of the Internet users. By February 2016, the number of users in the United States stood at 230 million, compared to some 72% of the population in the United States.
More than 580 million users, with a total population of 1.39 billion over the same period, Internet video users account for only 42% of the total, and there is still a larger gap with respect to the United States, and there is still room for future video network users to grow. Horizontally, web-based video services have a clear advantage over the use of other Internet services and have the highest computer end-to-end ratios.
On the computer end, online video services account for a large number of user hours, amounting to 34.4 per cent, well above the second largest e-commerce; on the mobile end, video services account for 28.2 per cent, after a small difference, compared to social tools; and on the flat end, they account for the highest proportion, 28.4 per cent. The mobile end is the preferred viewing channel, increasing the number of ott users.
According to the General Directorate of Electricity, television and iptv's access to the Internet is low, but it has increased significantly. According to the Irene consultation, the number of users was 140 million in 2016, while the combined rate of users increased by 90.4 per cent in 2011-2016, while the National Statistical Office reported that the number of users was wired during the same period.
Television users grew by only 2 per cent, and ott will become a future home entertainment centre.
There are two main business models for the video industry, commercial advertising and user fees, as well as two combinations of strategies for the industry’s current main competitors. Commercial advertising is the main profit model for free content, and user fees are the business model for website-based tv, hardware development and marketing (Aki, pptv, mangotv), and video electricians (Aki).
The ratio has remained constant at more than 50 per cent, with video sites becoming less dependent on advertising income in recent years, as a result of the expansion of user-paying profit models. The share of advertising revenue has tended to be lower than it is year by year, with 48.6 per cent expected in 2017. In recent years, there has been an increase in home-grown, exclusive content input from video sites, user-paying practices have gradually developed, together with rising consumption trends, and the number of user-paying users has been rising year by year.
In 2017, 130 million users were forecast to pay, with an overall fee rate of 22.5 per cent, the video site fee income increased year by year, and the Irene consultancy forecast user fee income to be 24.8 per cent in 2017, while copyright distribution patterns had remained stable in recent years, but the video site shifted its profit focus to user fees, relying on exclusive content to attract users because of increased user willingness to pay.
In comparison with the mature United States market in the video industry, the share of the market in the first five professional video sites (hulu) is about 40%.
The rest of the players rely on high quality original content and copyright content to attract paid users. And, with the exception of Yooutube, where users can upload the playbook, there are no free content, and all content is paid at a minimum, so that the income from membership payments is US$3,000 per person per month, approximately RMB 19,000, and the average monthly wage of Chinese towns is 6906;
The US content payment tradition is long-standing, and China’s content payment base is weak. But there has been an increase in content payments in recent years, with 48.8% of online users willing to buy video sites in 2016, combined with rising national income and rising consumption factors, and users paying 58.2 billion yuan in 2019 online video payment markets.
Self-made content is the key to the competition for fee-paying members, and copyright protection facilitates content production. According to Irey, vip users buy uniforms primarily for quality video content on video sites or for better viewing experiences.
In addition, in the context of the Internet, resources are easily shared, pirated content is widely used, weakening the motivation of original content producers and the resistance of domestic video websites to absorb paid members. In recent years, copyright protection has been improving in the country, and the State Council, the Central News Unit, the General Directorate of Broadband and others have been promoting copyright protection, and video is a major source of concern.
2.3 Headlines compete with Mangotv, leading the national video site, which originated in 2005 after Yooutube was set up, and the country's oldest video site, ugc, is cool.
After the potato, cool 6 and so on, the domestic video site moved from the ugc content to the pgc content, and after the puzzle, there were a few other competitors, such as eccentric, cool, troupe, mangotv, and bilibili. Mangotv was the first to make a profit. The domestic video site is still in the process of burning up the content, and the cost of the content is high.
The reason for this is that none of the websites have made a profit. The company Al Al Al Al Al Al Al Al Al Al Al Al-Wun lost 3.54 billion yuan, and the Aki Art report lost about $320 million in the first half of 2018, or about 2.1 billion yuan. The search for the Fox video lost about 100 million dollars, and its ceo Zhang Yang said that it would make a profit in 19 years. The happy sunshine of Mangotv made the first profit of 490 million yuan in 2017.
However, its gross profit on Internet video business - 120 million yuan, close to profit level, is expected to be further reduced in 2018, and the profit on mangotv is expected to increase further.
The monthly mobile stand-alone website is absolutely ahead of the headline, and the cashier's website Mangotv has a clear advantage. From the Ire Index, the mobile end independent equipment desk in June, the head site has an absolute lead and competitive edge, and the cashier's website has a comparative advantage, Mangotv.
In June 2018, the top site was roughly 500 million, and the top page of Akichi's art, with a small lead, and a sharp increase in excellence.
In addition, we use mobile end-of-day devices in the Ire Index, pc/web independent users uv, divided by monthly independent devices and monthly uv, to produce sticky indicators for mobile end-of-views and pc/web end-of-end users.
The most sticky and largely flat users are the station b-stations, which, because of their community attributes, are more sticky than they are. Mangotv users are sticky close to the coolest level of the head site, moving end 17.4 per cent, pc/web end 7.6 per cent. The number of members who pay for it is glued.
66.2 million members, an increase of 4.9 million compared to the 61.3 million paid members at the end of March: 2018h1 subscribers; 10,000: 4.51 million paid members at the end of the 17 years were published in the Mangotv draft, which is relatively low, and there are still significant improvements in the number of paid members of the platforms, which are basically divided into three screens and four screens, with little difference in the price of the three screens, with different discounts, and four screens.
The average three-screen member's single-month price is around $20, excellent, mango company continues for 15, quarterly, annual prices are raised, discounts are relatively small, and discounts for Aki culture and mango are relatively large. The four-screen member price vary considerably, with Aichi offering a maximum of $49.8, excellent 39, mango 35, but 30,
Quarterly and annual members are given a lot of discounts, with less discounts for each of them. For additional services, free studios, adverts, higher graphics are labels, platforms with different backgrounds, possibly with different services, Aki's gift to the Tokyo New Year's Card, Yoko is also a member of the Alibaba flag book, shrimp music.
In addition, Aki culture is the only homemade feature with sports members: Aki's head is clearly superior and mango art is important.
The competition for video platforms remains, in the final analysis, a competition for content, requiring both capital and originality. The content input from the main online players has been increasing, with 37, 75, 12, 86, 000 million Aki content costs in 2015-2018h, and the Mangotv 2015-2017 cost 8.5, 3.8, and 1.01 billion yuan, respectively.
From the growing copyright content base and home-made content, there is a growing trend in content input. According to the self-made drama unit, in 2018, the Aichi head show was less aggressive, more tactile, more tactile, and more tactile. According to the General Directorate of Electricity and Electricity, the total number of online dramas in 2017 was 206, in the top 50 of cat-eye statistics, in 2017.
The number of front-line plays is even more intense in 2018, and the number of top-heavy top-of-the-line dramas on 22nd is about 19 billion, of which the Aichi culture is playing at 10 billion in summer's Millennium Campaign, and the number of head-lines is the number one when the number of screen shows is far lower than the number of top-of-the-line shows.
In comparison with the year, there has been a marked decline in the number of online dramas, with 7 in 2017, only 3 in 2018, and none in 2018. According to the general set, the troupe is relatively ahead, the Aichi art head network is strong, and mangotv is no less important.
The White Paper on Entertainment, which was launched in 2017 in 107 volumes, into the air traffic volume of Top 50, 24 in 24 spots, Top 14, Mango tv9, and Ekichi 8 units; 21 in 2018 and 11 in Mango tv, Top tv, Top 10 units, and Ekichi 7 units.
First, Mangotv was second in 10,333 million, first in 2018 with Creation 101 for a total of 10.73 billion, second with Idol Practice, second with Aichi, third with Mangotv for 5.24 billion, and fourth with Outstanding 5.23 billion. In addition, web networks were distributed mainly by Mangotv, in Top 50
In 2017, Mangotv together provided six head-nets for Xiaoteng and, in 18 years, two.3 The reorganization of the new media group for the whole industry chain, with Mangotv at its core, resulted in the formation of five targets: “upstream artist brokerage, middle-stream content production, downstream distribution of new media platforms.”
The new media platform is run by the Mango tv brand, while other upstream and downstream operations are run by Mango tv at the core, with happy sunshine having all the other banners, the preferential rights to negotiate and to buy the right to disseminate information about the ciprogram.
In 2018, the Mango super-media introduced a strategy for the operation of a new media platform, “single” to “unique,” adhering to the unique route of “Single Mango + Customized Mango + External Cooperation.” Mangotv brands have been branded as uniquely upgraded.
3.1 Happy Sunshine: At the heart of the operation of the following new media platforms, content operations are profitable. 3.1.1 History: The road to integration of the new media platforms under the Hunantai flag. Happy Sunshine was established in 2006 with 10 million funds from the Hunan television station and 5 per cent shares in Jobode (subsequently,
When this asset is injected, the listed company holds 100% of its shares directly. In 2011, the iptv business went online, in 2014, and was supported by the “Mangos Solo” copyright tilted around the Hunan stage, along with the strong content-operated capacity built around the “Mangotv”
One brand, forming a new media frame for three major Internet video, operator business, content operation business, and a three-pillar business, figure 25: Happy Sunshine Development: Happy Sunshine Main Operations, three main segments: Internet Video Services are now integrated into full-size plates and platform-wide resources
“One Cloud Screen” service, with product lines covering five terminals such as web, the profit model, the mainstream profit model of the video site - advertising and membership income: operator services, in cooperation with telecommunication operators, provide iptv\ot\letter mobile value-added services based on content advantages: content operations are mainly generated by content production, investment and copyright sales, etc.
In addition, Mangotv relies on Hunan, with the advantage of a full license plate from iptv to ttt. The content is the core of the operation. The core of the operation remains the content, as can be seen from the main business processes of the Happy Sun.
Members of the profit model rely on content quality, mainly the competitiveness of home-grown content, and advertising revenue on flow, which depends on content quality on the one hand, and the size of the content bank on the other. Moreover, the core of content quality cannot be bypassed, either by the provision of content services to telecommunications operators or by the operation of content.
Good, with the highest percentage of Internet video services, accounting for more than half of the company's revenues, but the trend is downwards due to the good growth of content operations. Internet video services received $1.73 billion in 2017, an increase of 75 per cent, or 51.5 per cent, in 2017. As a result of an increase in copyright distribution, content operations received more than 990 million yuan in 2017.
With the number of users of iptv rising, operators collected $610 million in 2017, an increase of 99 per cent in the same year. $1 billion, net profit of $490 million, increased Māori rates for all operations, with the overall Māori ratio of companies being influenced by the high Māori rate of Internet video operations, combined in 2016, due to the fact that Internet video accounts for half of the revenue received by supermarkets.
As a result of the expansion of the paid membership of the Mangotv platform, optimized input and increased advertising revenue, Māori rates have risen rapidly, from 111.2% in 2015 to 1.1% in 2017, and are about to enter the profit period, leading to higher gross interest rates for the company as a whole.
As a result of the positive response of the 15-year programme Mid-Acceleration, 17-year Singer, etc., the distribution of copyrights rose to Māori, bringing the Māori rate for 15 to 17-year content operations to 74.2% for 17-year content operations, compared to the performance profile of 3.1.3: a steady increase in revenue, content operations and operator operations.
The 2015 - 2017 happy sun camp registered a steady increase of $3.38 billion in 2017, an increase of 86.3 per cent over the previous year, the first profit of $490 million in 2017, an increase of $1.18 billion compared to $690 million in 2016, as a result of a narrow loss rate in Mangotv, an increase in the Māori rate in content operations and a steady increase in the business of operators.
The annual Māori rate is 31.5%, with a net interest rate of 14.5%. In 2017, the cost of sales was 15.1%, as Mango tv gained influence, the Department gradually took control of promotional expenses, and the cost of sales fell.
Losses on online video operations and hardware sales. Gross profit on content operations is 730 million yuan, 68.8%, and the operator's gross profit is 370 million yuan, 35.2%. Gross profit on Internet video - 120 million yuan, an increase of 90.6% over 2016. Other industries. Core teams are experienced and stable.
The Chief Technology Officer has extensive experience in research and development in Yellow Winter, as well as technical work on the head video site 's cool potatoes, and has served as a fast-sun master, and will continue to provide technical support for the operation of the Mangotv website in the future.
The highest proportion of content personnel and technicians, at 54.3 per cent, totaled 1,288 employees, with the highest proportion of content personnel in the workforce, 32.1 per cent, owing to the company ' s strong media affiliation and leading industry content production capacity; and second, the higher proportion of company video site operations and operators, with technical staff accounting for 22.2 per cent, reflected the company ' s profile.
The content and technical inputs are high and correspond to the media and technology properties of Mangotv. In addition, in October 2015, a Technology Central Unit was set up, comprising Platforms, Transport, Data, Advertising Products, Tests, Programs and Technology, and Front-end Research and Development.
The happy sunshine Internet video business is organized around the Mango tv online video platform, which focuses on the theme “Young energy” and locates “Young + women” and features “Mango exclusive + high-quality selection + homemade.” The happy sunshine has now completed the construction of the “One Cloud screen” master platform, which connects the mpp, and the ott tto terminal portal.
Mangotv came online in 2014 and is now the first four video sites in the country. On average, in 2017, uv was 22.6 million per day and vv 112.2 million per day; on user retention rate, the Mpp end retention rate was 45 per cent and the ott end retention rate 37 per cent; on member fees, the mpp billing user received 0.33 dollars per day and the ott bill payment user received 0.33 dollars per day.
0.55 yuan. More data are provided in the table below. The Internet video business collection consists of three components: advertising revenue, membership income, and direct income, and advertising revenue and membership revenue of 1.33 billion yuan per year, an increase of 65 per cent, or 77 per cent, compared to 2016, a decrease of 4.5 per cent.
The fee-paying members grew and their income grew at a high rate of 393 per cent in 2016, with members earning $390 million in 2017, with content inputs being the main cost, followed by bandwidth costs. In order to boost the fee-paying members’ growth, companies increased content inputs, costing $1.75 billion in 2017, or 75.5 per cent of happy sunlight costs.
The cost of video operations was 58%, or 43.5% of the cost of happy sunlight, and the low cost of content in 2016 was due mainly to a change in amortization policy, resulting in a decrease in amortization costs in 2016 and an increase in the amount of amortization costs with the size of copyrights in 2017. The cost of technology was mainly a decrease of 26.3% to 460 million, or 26%, as a result of bandwidth, moving down between network bandwidth prices.
Costs, technical costs, employee remuneration, etc... The share of Mangotv advertising revenue is currently high, at 77.1%, but as fee-paying members grow, the share of advertising income is decreasing. Happy sunshine is now more dependent on advertising, and Internet video advertising accounts for 39.5% of happy sunshine total, which is also declining.
The displays of happy sunshine are both hard and soft, with different pricing methods, with cpm pricing, i.e. advertising fees are calculated on the basis of the actual number of times the end user actually plays: soft and wide are determined on the basis of different forms of cooperation, such as name, partner, specified supplies or implantation, and reference to the impact of the broadcast.
The direct advertising customers are large Internet technology companies, and the agency-based advertising customers are a wide range of customers such as Physics, Opo, Olya, etc. Mangotv influences.
The number of final clients in the agency sales model from 2015 to 2017 is 158, 192, and 291. It is worth mentioning that among them, Pocahontas, Oppo, Olya, Volcano, etc., are the Hunan Vigilant Partners, and Mangotv has taken over the demand for online video advertising from the Hunan Vigilant Partners.
Mangotv's rate of payment is driven mainly by the mix of art and quality plays, the most obvious is the popular one, the big star detective, where dad goes, and the high quality of the online drama Aoyun Chi, and the Internet play Half-Church, which deals with rate-pushing. The content-blowing effect on Mangotv's daytime activity is significant, but the overall effect is significant.
This rises in the summer of 2017, when happy boys were on the line, which led to a surge in Mangotv’s daily life. Thanks to an important national conference in October 2017, happy sunshine, as part of the spirit of the publicity conference, a number of popular entertainments, such as Star Detective 3, Returning to Earth, School Stay Out, Baby New Friends, etc., were actively postponed, resulting in a decline in life between October and December 2017.
Mango tv is used to raise payments from members for their exclusive editions, live ci-fi services, etc. As noted in the industry analysis section, ci-fi is less attractive than video shows, and mango tv is constantly trying to develop ci-fi.
Since the beginning of the year, the number of paid members has increased, reaching 4.51 million by the end of 2017. The average user income is Arpu yuan/person, so Arpu fluctuates mainly between $11-13 dollars per month.
Mangotv is the only state-owned holding site in the existing video site, relying on Hunan Tower, and has a strong online connection. Among the four leading video sites, Eyoteng has a capital base, Mangotv is the only state-owned background site, and the media is well-confident, well-funded and self-produced.
The leader and pioneer of the project, “Young + Women” based on the concept of “Happy China”, who live on a long-term basis with mixed artistic energy, is number one on the watch list. Mangotv shares the philosophy and culture of Hunan Taiwan, and also identifies the “Young + Women” user group, with the pre-emptive advantage of “Hunan-Tai-Tai-Tai” and has an association with Hunan-Tai-Tai, which has a dynamic effect on the content of the Soft Combination and the Network.
Mango tv brands have been formed, and young + female users have been clearly identified. For young + female users, Mango tv has become a brand image of young + female, and has built up a certain level of user loyalty.
Mengo tvapp users account for 72.4%, about 15% more than the same industry, and 70% aged 30 and under, slightly higher than the same industry. Mango tv or Hunantai brands such as Happy Men 2017, Transformatives, Where Dad goes.
3.1.6 Operators' business: stable contribution to profits, sustained growth of iptv&ot users State regulation that iptv business licence plates may only be granted to a broadcaster, that the broadcasting unit may delegate business rights to its subordinates, that the happy sunshine is authorized to operate in Hunan-Taiiptv, and that the operation of the Mangotv platform can be expanded
Brand influence, compared to other video sites, has a comparative advantage over license plates. Happy Sunshine Operators mainly provide broadcasting or content services to iptv operators, ott operators, and telecommunications mobile operators, which can be divided into three types of operations: iptv operations, ott operations, and telecommunications mobile value-added operations.
The iptv and ttt operations are focused on happy sunshine operators, charging basic service and value-added on a household basis, and the provinces, municipalities, autonomous regions outside Hunan Province.
Thus, the two statistics are combined. The 2015-2017 Happy Sun Operators ' operations have been expanding from within and outside the province, and the number of iptv, ott ' s business settlements and the amount of revenue recognized have continued to rise. In December 2017, the basic business settlement was 11.33 million users, with a confirmed income of 2.142 million; the value-added business settlement 3.93 million, with an confirmed income of 2.6.4 million.
The value-added telecommunications services are rising seasonally between $ 5.1 and $ 8.9 for basic services, ranging from $ 1.80 to $0.00. The income from happy Sun Telecommunication mobile value-added operations as a whole is on the rise, mainly as a result of happy sunshine gradually increasing copyright input into mobile value-added operations, enhancing outreach to clients in provincial channels and independently of brand names.
The income from Happy Sun Telecom mobile value-added operations is now seasonal, with income significantly higher in the fourth quarter than in the rest of the year, mainly through the concentration of resources in the second and third quarters of each year, with the effect of the third and fourth quarters of each year; and the major telecommunications operators.
The number of users in the iptv province increased significantly, resulting in an increase in income and Māori. In 2017, $610 million was collected, an increase of about 99 per cent compared to the previous year of 2016, accounting for 18.1 per cent of the happy sun camp, of which 13 per cent was received by the operations of iptv and ott, with mobile value added.
The cost is mainly a share of income paid to the operator. 3.1.7 Operation of content: copyright distribution revenue supports companies to earn profits, home-made content to ease cost pressures, and distribution to other video sites of cinemas and philanthropy programmes with the right to broadcast on the information network.
2 Videos and entertainments are invested in the production, i.e. the investment in happy sunshine, the production of film and television shows, and the production of comprehensive art, in order to reap the benefits of investment or the content strategy of happy sunshine, based on the “Mango-only + high-quality selection + homemade” content strategy, targeting “youth + women” in thousands of hours, with nearly 240,000 originals. Outsourcing is the main content, accounting for 85.1% of the time, followed by self-inflicted content.
At the end of the year, copyright distribution accounts for 95% of the content business. The content business accounts for the share of happy sunshine business.
In 2017, 990 million yuan was collected, representing an increase of 119 per cent, or 29.2 per cent of the total, of which 46 million yuan, or 4.7 per cent of the content business and 1.4 per cent of the happy sunshine business, were generated in 2017. At the end of the cost, the cost of carrying over copyright for the distribution of content was 89 per cent of the total cost of the business.
The carry-over cost of copyrights and the low carry-over of happy sunshine by copyright sales earnings and amortization values, with distribution prices varying from year to year, and the fluctuation of cost of carrying-over copyrights. In 2017, these amounted to $230 million, representing 89 per cent of the cost of content operations and 9.7 per cent of the cost of happy sunlight.
Copyright distribution clients are concentrated and profitable. Happy sunshine earned 940 million yuan in sales in 2017, an increase of 108 per cent. Happy Sun sales customers are mainly domestic video sites, and customers are concentrated, with the top five customers earning more than 85 per cent of sales, and the top five customers have a higher rate of sales of Maori.
Video dramas, polyclimatic investment in production address the cost of happy sunlight content, and drive members to grow and integrate marketing services. The investment in film and polyclimatic programming, and production of happy sunlight have multiple implications: 1 copyright price rises in recent years, and home-made content.
Addressing cost and content budget issues: 2 happy sunshine self-manufacturing, quality and scarcity of home-made content, effective in stimulating membership growth; 3 content self-initiating companies offering integrated marketing services. 3 Happy Sun-in-house production is extremely strong, with 80% of the top 10 players in the 2015-2017 home-made content broadcast.
Hundreds of times, far more than 7.21 billion of the top 10 self-made art broadcasts. 3.1.8 Other operations: business cooperation based on the ott business. Other services provided by the happy sunshine are mainly business cooperation based on the tt's business.
Other business receipts include, inter alia, authorized income, revenue from extension services, and income from hardware sales. Authorised income is the charge of Internet television licence plates to smart television or top box terminal operators; revenue from extension services is mainly generated for game operators and is shared; hardware sales.
Sales revenue from sales of smart TVs such as "Emango" are currently less profitable and less profitable, with little impact on profits, but more profitable than expanding the profit channel of the ott business. 3.1.9 Content library: the largest input for out-sourcing, home-made content matches the needs of the `young + female' users
Whether it's Internet video business, operator business, content business, or content business, depends on a pool of happy sunlight content. Happy sunlight is pre-emptive, driven by “mango solo” and expanded by “quality selection.” At present, there are about 240,000 originals, totalling 110,000 hours. Another video platform replaces exclusive copyrights.
Growing content input, the increase in outsourcing is most pronounced. In 2017, total stock-holder replenishment/procurement, home-made, out-sourcing inputs amounted to $2.02 billion, an increase of 34.2 per cent over the same period. The decline is due mainly to a reduction in corporate prudence of $1 billion, an increase of 127 per cent over the same period.
Outsourcing of copyrights accounts for the largest share, with lower reliance on HUNDAY content. In terms of net copyright value at the end of the period, outsourcing rights amount to about 65%, home-grown content amounts to 350 million RMB, or 20.4%, and refinancing/purchase of HUNDL/US$ 260 million, down from 20.4% in 2016 to 14.8%.
The net copyright includes the actual structure, which is more reasonable when measured by the original value of the new copyright in the year (i.e. the current year’s replenishment/purchase amount). In the annual money spending plan, the total cost of copyright content was about 94%, with the cost of extra copyrights being more than half that of 53.3%.
Second, home-grown content costs are the second, about 28%. Happy Sunshine predicts that future copyright spending will continue to expand, and that out-purchase copyrights will continue to be the largest input to the content bank, with the share remaining at more than 50%, with the result that home-grown content spending will continue to grow, with about 30% of the cost of buying copyrights from Hunanguard to home-made programmes.
Mangotv, who is a leader in the production of art in Hunan, has six seats in the top 10 channels in 2017. Mangotv will be active in the second half of 2018, and in the spring of April 20, at the Chamber of Commerce, Mangotv announced four-s and more nines, and the S-shows will be available in the second half of the year.
The brave world is now on the line: Wives' Romance Travel, which was launched on August 15th, and the first guide: Where Daddy goes 6 is expected to be on the line by mid-August. In August, Mangotv posted a new set of "Star Detective 4." Mangotv locates "young plus female" users, and the user matches the user group.
The proportion of users aged 18-29 years is 59%, compared to only 30% for the population aged 20-29 years, according to cnic, which shows that young users favour the general arts well above the population of other ages (with different calibers but without affecting the comparison of trends). 60.5% of users aged 19-25 have a weekly viewing time of 3 hours or more. The ratio is 50% for men and 50% for women, but for the country as a whole.
As of February 28, 2018, there were 23 projects in which happy sunshine was in the process of being produced, filmed or prepared.
A lot of dramas in the project, youth novels, dramas like "The Fire King's War of Dawn, Sweet Strikes," novels like "Six Pixies, Chicken's Broken Youth, Three Thousand Crows" and "My Poseidon, Good Words" and so on.
Mango visions and the future of the Mango entertainment media or their content support. The power of Mango tv amphibious productions is in contrast to the weakness of film production.
Eight of them, including high-hot works like " New York " , " Invisible and Great " ; 6 of them, " Fire King " , who will be on the watch in Hunan in the second half of the year; 12 of them, mostly idols and comedys, which are suitable for online platforms; and 8 of them, " Happy Assemblage " , and 4 of them, as well as artists.
Table 30: Mango Shadow Project Reserve (million yuan) Table 31: Mango Entertainment Film Project Reserve (million yuan)
Table 32: Recreational Media Video Project Reserve (US$ 10,000) 3.1.10 Affiliated transactions: taking care of the new media requirements of the Hunantai advertiser, pre-targeting copyright costs in Hunantai.
Provision of advertising services covering traditional media resources and new media platforms: Mango tv advertising agent, Hunan Radio and Television General, a subsidiary of Hunan Taiwan, pays Mongo tv advertising revenue for new media platforms: 2 Happy Sunshines, purchase of copyright content from Hunan Taiwan, payment of copyright fees from Hunan Tower; 3 Purchase of iptv business authorization from Hunan Taiwan, and payment of HUNDL
Happy Sunshine Associated Sales (including advertising agents, soft and wide combinations) rose to 910 million yuan in 2017, accounting for 26.8 per cent of the yield ratio, mainly because of the increase in Mangotv home-made content in 2017, the increased demand for soft and open-sourcers, the expanded operation of the platform and the growing demand for advertising agents. The increase in related purchases is mainly due to the expansion of the Mangotv platform and the increased demand for content.
Associated purchases amounted to $560 million in 2017, accounting for 14.7 per cent of total purchases, and 3.2 days of entertainment media: lead upstream entertainers and midstream programmes, film and television productions, and entertainment media were established in April 2004, with a major increase in the number of entertainers, circulators, video shows, and other wireless items.
A number of activities, such as value authorization, are oriented towards culturally sensitive young people and leaders, with the creation of youth idols as a central development orientation, and are extended to film and video dramas, integrated art productions, etc., and are among the largest youth idol entertainment companies in China.
Under the banner of the entertainment media, three wholly-owned subsidiaries are set up: Hunan Leisure, East Sunny, and Leisure Music. Hunan Lei is mainly engaged in investment in film production and artist brokerage.
In 2017, the net profit was $10 million, or 87.5 per cent, and $13.8 million, or 11.5 per cent, from the net profit.
The media has trained 36 young idol artists, such as Hua morning Woo and O'Hau, and has produced a series of youth video shows, such as "Happy Heavenly Bo" and "Looking at the meteor showers together", and the entertainment media and their affiliates have more than 500 major music pieces that have been published and have the rights of audio/video producers.
In 2017, artist brokerage, programming and film production combined contributed about 90 per cent of the revenue from the entertainment media, accounting for 260 million yuan, or about 53 per cent, and in 2016, it was lower than in 2015, mainly as a result of the expiration of contracts with prominent artists such as Lee Woo-chun, Zhang Jie, Wei-Jung.
The other wireless value-added authorized industries received $4.69 million in 2017, or only 9.6 per cent, with less impact on the net profits of the company. Māori rates show that other wireless value-added authorized businesses have the highest Māori rates, reaching 95 per cent in 2017, and are in the culture media industry.
The share of artists is relatively low, with a low Māori rate in 2016, mainly due to the fact that the entertainment media in 2016 were able to carry out their music copyrights with sea music, while expanding the areas of cooperation with the three operators, with significant cost costs. Māori participation in the trade was largely stable, rising in 2017 compared to 2016, mainly due to the company ' s optimal investment model for artists.
The Māori rate was 30.6 per cent in 2017 and the Māori rate in 2016 for the production of programmes and video dramas was negative, mainly because of the cost of relapsing for the television drama " Interlocutory Millennium 2 " , which increased significantly to 35.5 per cent in 2017, as a result of the distribution of the phenomenon-scale television show " The People ' s Name " .
3.2.2 Performance profile: Net profits are subject to content fluctuations, with flat rates during the period. Corporate performance is driven mainly by artist brokerage and programming and film production.
For the same reason, 3.3 mango visions: medium-sized video investments, productions, and customized services. Mango TVs were created in November 2001 to provide 90 per cent of the revenue from television drama operations and television dramas.
Mango movies are branded with the best young drama, focusing on investment, production, distribution, sale of television dramas, sales earnings and derivatives of television drama sales (advertisement + other derivatives development). Mango movies are dominated by the dominant investment model, which has created the country's first indoor video base, Mango studio, which can independently invest in or produce films of all kinds.
Mango is considered to be the exclusive producer and resource coordinator of the Hunan watch "When Youth" column. The company currently has 39 authorage dramas, including 17 new projects, 8 of which are designed for the Hunan watch, and 4 of which are designed for the Hunan watch, such as the "A love travels through the millennium"
The growth in revenue growth was stable, and net profits fluctuated with content performance. The steady growth in corporate revenue in 15-17 years was due mainly to an increase in the number of television dramas and the steady provision of customized dramas to Hunan Tower. Net profits were lower in 2015 as the drummer achieved lower income than expected, and stock prices were prepared to fall; and net profits decreased in 17 years, mainly due to higher sales costs.
The rate of gross Maori rose slightly to 13.2% in 2017, mainly because of the release of a popular film, Le Li Huixiang, and the Great Future. Also, for the reason that the drumming is about stock price decline, the net interest rate in 2015 was only 2% lower: the seal was issued in 2016 with good revenue and a net interest rate rising to 9.3%: 17 years of sales costs.
The net interest rate fell to 5.6 per cent, and the three major rates remained generally stable, with sales costs rising in 17 years as a result of an increase in promotional costs. In the first half of 2018, it aired " Love " , which was produced for the tether video, 2.7 billion times, and was recognized by the industry as the country ' s best idolatry in the first half of 2018, or as custom play for the future or mangotv.
3.4 Mango Entertainment: The production of medium-size business television shows has grown rapidly, contributing 70 per cent of the revenue. 3.4.1 Operational overview Mango Recreation is run by the All Media Entertainment Production Company under the banner of Hunan Television, which was established in September 1999 as the main battalion operation
There is a fully-owned Mango culture under the Mango entertainment flag, which engages in performance brokers, literary performances, radio and television productions.
Mango entertainment is mainly generated by television dramas and derivatives, and by philanthropy and derivatives. Television dramas and derivatives have grown steadily, from 440 million yuan in 2017 to 115 per cent in 2017, or more than 70 per cent in the same year; screen shows have generated 600 million yuan in 2017, which is due mainly to the distribution of films, the growth in the number of amphibious arts, the positive performances and the increased visibility of artists.
With regard to Māori, the annual decline in Māori performance, which was 5.1% in 2017, will gradually decrease as a result of a decline in television channel ratings, a decline in revenue from screen advertising, and an upward trend in Māori performance. Māgo entertainment entertainers have a more stable Māori rate in their disciplinary business; television dramas and derivatives have a better growth rate in Māori performance, with an increasing trend of 2017.
The rate of Maori in Mango entertainment-related activities fluctuates from 50.1% in 2015 to 2017, mainly due to the existing differences in the market table of the type of work produced annually. Because of the small size of films and derivatives, the impact on profits is small, and the volatility of the Maori rate makes it difficult to keep the Mango Recreation Camp growing at a rate of 630 million yuan in 2017, compared with 116.5 per cent in 2017.
The net return to the mother is $30 million, an increase of 73.1 per cent over the same year. The main reason for the negative net profit in 2015 is that Mango Recreation began to expand its operations in 2015 and its management costs increased at a relatively rapid rate. Over the 15-17 years, the company ' s Māori rate rose steadily, and in 2017, the three rates remained stable, except for 15 years of business expansion, which led to an increase in management costs.
3.5 Mango Recreation: The downstream business game ip cooperation, game development, etc. Lemongo Recreation was established in April 2014 as an integrated platform for mobile Internet games-related business run by Mango, a subsidiary of the Hunan Taiwan flag.
The game business includes games ip cooperation, game research and development.
In the context of interactive marketing, Mango has interacted with content via social platforms such as micro-message, with brand displays and ads when television viewers interact with television programmes. To avoid peer competition, value-added operations are discontinued after reorganization.
In addition, the company carries out other business, including electric competition, derivatives (ip-incubation, ip-authorized marketing). Game business is growing at a high rate, and games and interactive marketing are profitable.
The Māori rate is the highest in both major businesses and shows a small increase. The Māori rate for games is somewhat volatile, mainly because of variations in the performance of various games, and the 74.4% Māori for interactive marketing in 2017.
Growing up and gradually cutting out of outsourcing technology costs, in 2017 the Māori rate for interactive marketing was 94.6% for other businesses such as electric competition, derivatives, etc. The increase was good, with a revenue of $2.347 million in 2017 and a significant increase in Māori to 45%. The Māori rate for mango entertainment and other operations was negative in 2016, mainly because new operations such as electricity competition were in the early stages.
3.5.2 Performance profile: 16 years of swing loss, good growth in game business, mango gain in 2016, and good growth in income and net profit. In 2017, the income went up by $150 million, compared to 64.6 per cent, mainly as a result of good growth in playpo partnerships. Net profits continued to grow at a high rate of $4.573 million in 2017.
In 2015, Mango Recreation was still in its infancy, with a smaller income and a higher proportion of operating income. In 2016-2017, the overall trend in costs during Mango Recreation was largely consistent with the trend in operating income, while the ratio of time to operating income remained stable overall and the ratio of related costs was reasonable.
4 New and Old Media Joint Development, Mango tv Re-created Hunan Dynasty. 4.1 Clear Positioning + Integrated Production = 20-year-old Red Guard, 1997 when Hunan TV officially launched its first series via the Asia 2 satellite and launched Quick in the same year.
In 2004, the idea of happy China was established to continue and develop the original concept, and some of the programmes are being reduced to include "young women" and "young women" are being introduced on an ongoing basis. Supergirls, happy boys, where dad goes, I'm a singer, etc.
Since the data on the ratings were available, Hunan Watch has ranked first in the steady annual ratings, with one-line champion standing unshakeable. Hunan Taiwan generated $18.31 billion in 2017. The growth of traditional electricity revenues has been weak as a result of the Internet video shock.
The trend is downward, but it is still high relative to the other frontline guards, who generated $21.2 billion in revenue in 2015.