Content-driven platform growth, whole industry chain mango freshmen, 15th of September 2018 Research Assistant Wang Jianxing
In 2017, the company launched a major asset restructuring exercise to distribute its assets.
We'll buy 100% of the share in the Happy Sun, Mango Recreation, Daily Leisure Media, Mango Shadows and Mango Recreation 5 companies, for a total exchange of 1.55 billion yuan, of which the trader is happy, Sun is $9.53 billion, and 5 companies run new media platforms and new media interactive entertainment.
The transformation of the company into a new mainstream media industry group, based on the Mangotv new media platform, has resulted in a complete new media industry chain layout, with the main business covering the operation of the new media platform, the interactive content production of the new media and the retailing of the media.
▪ The online video industry “pay-for-money-for-advertise income” is driven by a combination of industry potential spaces, a clear positioning of mango tv, high-quality self-restraint in the face of pre-existing resources from Hunan Taiwan, and a steady and high growth in the performance of both upstream and downstream synergizing and multi-manufacturing support companies.
There's still a lot of room under two wheels of income from membership and advertising, the business level of membership, the penetration of out-of-sea payers and the payment of arpu, and there's still a lot of potential for income growth; the advertising business level, the main driving force, is the increase in the value of single users, the microblogging, the facebook, etc.
At the corporate level, video platforms are currently competing for head content, content-end costs are high, access to quality content at low cost becomes the key to competition, mangotv is dependent on the best resources in Hunan, and has a strong capacity to build explosives.
Content-side advantages are expected to drive the platform’s higher rates of payments, while happy sunshine also has a business as a operator, more diversified content operations, and enabling companies that take the lead in making profits in the industry. Mango recreation is largely dependent on Mango-Tip resources, leading to “visional bonding” farming.
Play items; Entertainment Media, with the creation of youth idols as its core development, has led to the development of the “Star Dream Factory”; Mango Films, with its focus on fine youth dramas while testing water trades; Mango Entertainment, with its full media content production, and TV dramas.
Four targets have significantly strengthened the content-making capacity of companies and promoted the mango super-movement, which is now being developed upstream and downstream, with synergies highlighted.  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: splitting through the split between the original business and the injection of assets.
The advantages of Doo being in a high-growth phase and of the company's own content production and resource support were valued at 43x over 18 years, corresponding to the current market value of $47.6 billion, with the first “buy-in” rating being covered.
1.1. Electric shopping: Increased competition in the industry and gradual fluctuations in business performance
Selling, covering household goods, is the first share of domestic television shopping. As consumption habits changed in the mobile Internet era, companies began to actively configure new businesses such as content electrics, data marketing, consumer finance, etc., based on traditional media retail operations. Before the asset injections, the companies had four business blocks, one for household consumption, and the other for domestic consumption.
In 2015-2017, companies achieved an operating income of $2.8 billion, $32.2 billion, and $2.98 billion, respectively, over the past three years.
Figure 1: Happy Purchase of Business Income 2014-2017
1020 million, a decline of 18.4 per cent in the same year, the ratio of revenue to the share of revenues fell from 67 per cent in 14 years to 34 per cent in 17 years; Internet access sales fell; but, in a phased approach, the Māori rate and net interest rate levels of companies improved in 17 years and net profits were realized as a result of the positive extension of the company ' s industrial chain, the restructuring of the consumer finance sector and the development of new marketing models for traditional operations over a period of 17 years.
For the first time in 14 years, growth has been positive. Sub-operations show the highest Māori penetration rate for outreach roads, reaching 1.2 in 17 years. Asset injections: acquisition of five Mango new media companies, and creation of a new set of content, platforms, power suppliers.
In 2017, the company launched a major asset reorganization to purchase 100 per cent of the shares of the five companies, namely, Happy Sun, Mango Recreation, Leisure Media, Mango Shadow and Mango Recreation, with shares issued to Mango Media for 84.13 per cent of their shareholdings, Mango Recreational 51.80 per cent, Leisure Media 100 per cent, Mango Shadow.
100% shareholding of 100% shareholding of mango entertainment; 15.87% shareholding of happy sunlight held in Mango Seaton, Xiamen, Shanghai State and New United Capital, Huananan Brigade, Hao Niang Re-joo, Guangzhou Goo Soo, Mango Mang-wo, Shuo-chung, Shanghai Yong, Nakamoto;
The sum of 48.20 per cent of the mango stock held by the company was acquired by the company. The price of the transaction was 9.53 billion yuan, 508 million yuan, 503 million yuan, 540 million yuan and 468 million yuan, respectively, for the company to be targeted to implement the Mangotv copyright bank extension project and the cloud storage and multiscreen broadcasting platform.
In terms of performance commitments, the Mango media committed five companies for a total net profit between 2017 and 2020, in terms of the structure of the stockholdings in the restructuring of the former company holding shareholders in the Mango media holding 43.12 per cent of the shares in the listed company, and Hunan-Tai-Tai became the actual controller of the company by holding 100 per cent of the share in the Mango media, Hunan-Tai.
The Mango media, a major counterpart to the business, has increased to 67.91% since the reorganization transaction was completed, and remains the controlling shareholder of the company, who remains in charge in Hunan, and whose control has not changed before and after the transaction.
After the asset reorganization was completed, the company was transformed into a new mainstream media industry group, based on a new media platform in Mangotv, which created a complete new media industry chain layout. The company consolidated its rich video and electricity industry chain resources through a variety of communication channels such as Internet video platforms, iptv, ott, etc., while working with video shows, entertainment programmes, music, games, etc.
There are a wide range of content producers and operators, serving the country ' s and overseas billion-class new media users, advertising, membership fees, interior production and distribution, the share of income from value-added services for telecommunications and cable television operators, and video and electronics providers, and creating mango media ecology that is a symbiosis of mass media content, new media platforms, Internet information and electricity service providers.
Currently, Mango SuperMechanisms are run mainly by new media platforms, interactive content production for new media, and zero sales for the media. The new media platform is run by a subsidiary responsible for happy sunshine, including mainly Internet video business and operator business; the production of interactive content for new media is carried out by four other merger companies, including video shows, video shows, and video shows.
The media retailing business is a pleasant extension of the original electricity vendor's shopping business. 2. Happy Sun: Mangotv copyright pool, content-driven long-term rate of payment. Happy Sun is the only new media video platform operating under the flag of Hunan Taiwan.
With the construction and operation of a national news site called the Golden Eagle Network, the subsequent integration of the Hunan Network Radio Television and the launch of Mangotv as a video platform call sign, the full-fledged Internet video business began in April 2014 with the gradual formation of a new full-size media industry, branded as Mangotv, which will complete the construction of the "Cloud Screen" master platform for computers, computers and computers.
Television, mobile phones, tablets, etc., with an average of uv22.64 million per day in 2017 and an average of vv112.2 million per day, have become one of the top five integrated video service providers in the country.
Between 2015 and 2017, income from happy sunshine operations was 961 million yuan, 1,817 million yuan, 3,385 million yuan, and combined growth rates of 87.7 per cent in the last three years, with net profits of 940 million yuan, -694 million yuan and 489 million yuan, respectively, and a deficit in 2017. The size of income from Internet video, operator services and content operations increased rapidly with the size of the operation.
However, the structure has been fragmented, with revenue from content operation services rising rapidly, from 12.4 per cent in 15 years to 17 years. Figure 12: Income from Happy Sun 2015-2017 operations shows a continuing upward trend.
The two rounds of replenishment, the rapid expansion of happy sunshine capital, the full use of resources, the rapid growth of operating income and the continuous improvement of the Māori rate; and the high profitability of the operator ' s operations and content operations, both of which offset in part the losses caused by the high input of Internet video operations, have led the company as a whole to move gradually to win.
Interest rates have increased considerably, mainly as a result of improvements in the company ' s Māori rate; 17 years have seen a further significant increase in the net interest rate level over 16 years; in addition to improvements in the Māori rate, the main factor is a decline in the cost of sales, which has gradually been controlled by the company as the impact of the Happy Sunshine platform rises, and the cost of marketing has declined from 27.5 per cent in 16 years to 15.1 per cent in 17 years.
At the industry level, “pay-for-money-for-advertise income” is a two-way driver that highlights the potential space for the industry, and differential quality content creates barriers to competition. The monthly online video industry has reached 1,032 million users per month, with a combined growth rate of 3.5 per cent since January 1818.
In the first half of 2018, active user size uptop20 was ranked 9th in the sector with a breakdown (mau greater than 50 million); in June 2018, mobile Internet users in China used 290 minutes per day, approximately 4.8 hours, while online video users used 9.2 per cent, about 27 minutes, after instant communication.
Second, the online video industry has near-saturated penetration rates and maintains long periods of time. From a competitive pattern: one team is led by Bat, two teams by mangotv, vertical positioning is still in place, one team is now far ahead of Bat, and one or two teams are difficult to divide in the short term.
The number of video sites in the country has increased since 2004 and has now formed a two-tier pattern of competition, with Aki culture, tv, b-stations, ecstasy, fox search, and so on. One of these gradients has a bad background and a large share of the market, June 2018, Aki culture, tweaking, tweaking mau.
527 million, 503 million, 493 million, mau in June 18, Mango tv. 95,576,000; within the Second Platoon, Mango tv and b stations were the first to compete for vertically located differences, with Mango tv focusing on the theme “Young energy” and b station deep-drawing the binary field, which is relatively more sticky for vertical platform users, but currently two.
The overall gap between the echelons and the echelons is still very large, with the best and cool under the flags of 100 degrees, tungsten, and Alibaba, with the strong financial power, the strong input of content, and, in the short term, the gap between the first and second echelons is difficult to close.
In terms of the drivers of growth in the industry: “paying members” + “advertising income” highlight the industry's potential, and as user penetration continues to rise, we believe that, with multiple drivers, the trend towards video payment is certain 1) the fight against piracy has laid the foundation for the development of payment habits, and since 2013 the Right to Information Network Dissemination has been protected.
Policies such as the Regulations, the creation of the Alliance for the Realization of Videos on the Internet, and the succession of abusive content on many video sites, we believe that the reckless era of attracting traffic through pirated content has come to an end and that the purchase of copyrights has become the mainstream.
2) Mobile Internet promotes multiple screens, which greatly increase the frequency and duration of video viewing, pay fees, enable members to switch from end to end, take full advantage of their membership rights. According to Irey's consulting data, payers are more interested in using multiple terminals for viewing videos, and payers are more likely to view videos using mobile phones, panels and smart television than non-profits.
3) The rejuvenation of video payments shows the space for further growth in video payments, the need for recreation for young users that has not yet matched their capacity to pay, with 64.2 per cent of video payers concentrated in 25-35 years of age, and more than 37 per cent of mobile combinations. Video users are under 25 years of age, and we believe that as young users increase their capacity to pay, the number of paid video users continues to increase.
(4) A well-established payment system, including Internet money, third-party payments, etc., is constantly optimizing transactions, low transaction costs, and online payment practices have developed. At the end of April 2018, the number of users paying settlement applications reached 570 million, with a penetration rate of 51.9 per cent.
Figure 21: Video site payments: Figure 22: Number of users of the settlement app industry paid in April 2018 The share of online video industry fees continued to increase and per capita fees increased.
The exhibition study shows that the rate of fees paid by Internet video users has increased steadily since 2014, with only 11.7 per cent of users paying for video in 2014 and 42.9 per cent by 2017, showing an annual increase in the rate of user video payments, indicating that the national awareness of content payments has gradually developed; and data from questmobile show that the number of users paying for video in 2018 was higher than in questmobile.
In 2017, there was a marked increase in the proportion of users with an online video app fee of $20 or more, without paying for it.
This growth is 74% annually, driven mainly by the growth of paid members, whose membership reached 50.8 million in 17 years, increasing the main driving force compared to the 16 video platform receipts. In 2017, the main video platform, the Achi culture penetration rate was about 11%, the telecommunications rate was about 12%, the Senay flight rate was about 12%, and our video platform was still in a very low position.
Potential, given the difference between our video platform ' s revenue structure and that of Naifi and the current three-day pattern of competition, we expect the Aki culture penetration rate to reach around 25% over the next three years.
93.1 dollars, 124.6 dollars and 128.7 dollars, compared to the single-user member price of around $120 dollars per year, we believe that the growth in the income of the members of the video has gone through two stages,1 an increase in the penetration rate of payments;2 an increase in the price of the paid members, and that the two phases are not conflicting but intersecting, taking into account the fact that the current video platform is still in place.
In a period of rapid increase in the penetration rate of payments, the short-term demand for increases in membership prices was weak, while the structure of payments was gradually changing, the monthly membership rate was declining, the monthly and annual membership ratio was continuously rising, and we predicted an increase in single user arpu.
Assumption 1: In view of the near saturation of the current video platform mau and the depletion of the downside dividend, it is expected that Aichi culture will increase by 5 per cent, 5 per cent and 5 per cent between 2018 and 2020; In summary, we believe that the income of the paying members is still large compared to the penetration rate of overseas payers and the payment of arpu
Space, based on questmobile data, q1 Ekichi Months in 2018, with an estimated 490 million payments expected for 2018-2020, advertising revenue = single user value*mau, taking into account the near saturation of the current mau platform and the drying up of the offline dividend, has contributed to the growth of advertising revenues.
The main driving force is the increase in the value of single users. Single users ' value: Aichit ' s revenue from advertising in 2015-2017 was 3.40 billion, $5.65 billion and $8.16 billion, respectively, and the value of single users ' advertising in 2015-2017, based on the company ' s monthly life data for 2015-2017 (at the end of each year)
One-quarter single-user value of about $34, one-quarter value of today's headlines of about $30, and Aichi-quarter user value of less than $5. There's still a lot of potential for uplifting. Given the depletion of online channel dividends and the prospect of increasing online flow value, we expect that the increase in online video platform single-user value will continue to boost advertising revenue over the next three to five years.
The main driving force added is expected to sustain high growth in advertising revenues. Figure 31: Value of single users of advertising on major video sites (in dollars) from a competitive core advantage: differential content constructs barriers to competition
Quality content drives up the flow, home-made plays become a competition, and the hot air content has a significant impact on user fees.
On 4 March, the Aichi culture online, "The Old Boys" , the platform 's fee-paying user ratio became clear on that day, and video sites are now in a loss position by “burning money” for head content. Most of the video sites are now “burning money” for user accumulation, with the exception of Mangotv, which was the first to make a profit in 2017.
Each video platform is largely in a state of loss, and in the case of leading Aichi, the 2015-2017 share of Aichi's operating income is $5.319 billion, $11.237 billion, $17.378 billion, but subject to the high cost of head content, which is considered to be one of the ways out of this state of affairs, i.e. by increasing the number of paying members, which also means that
Each video platform needs to be content-based and obtain absolute advantage in a segmented area, such as “suncasting”, “home-made” and so on, both to increase the stickyness of existing users and to tap into potential clients to further expand its user size.
In terms of copyright dramas, although in recent years high-cost dramas have tended to be co-initiated, video platforms, including high-quality headlines, have purchased selected copyrights for some of the series. For example, in 2017, the Freedom of the Press is unique.
The show "Flower Moon, Great Tang Glory" and the "New Shooting Sculpture Heroes" by Aichi culture, as well as the "Soldiers League", "Spring Wind Ten Mile, Better You", are popular dramas, of which the "Flower Moon" was the best in a single copyright play, with a cumulatively 12 billion hits on the Internet.
One team is a pioneer in the industry, with a particular focus on input into web-based home-made content. According to three platforms, home-made dramas have a concentration of 51% of the total, while the proportion of home-made dramas is more than 30%.
In addition to highlighting their differences through copyright and home-made plays in general, the video platform further digs into the area of disaggregation and focuses on the business layout depending on the target user. According to the sub-platform, the Aichi artist plays a “youth” culture and will build the country's first Internet theatre, the “Young Play” in 2018, sucking it in the form of a linear youth show.
To attract young viewers and use this as a conduit to increase the income of members; to focus on the development of cartoons and the continuous creation of the “National Panorama First” platform, and also to gain viewers in the sub-area of basketball by purchasing a five-year net of Nba in China: Ju-Coo as a gathering place for original Internet photographers, continuously adding numbers from the media field, no.
Incentives for high-quality content are attracted to the platform only by lowering such advantages as the threshold. In February 2017, the first “individual channel” was launched to provide the originals with an opportunity to operate independently from production, editing and maintenance, further increasing the attractiveness of the media platform; Mangotv, the leader of the second-tier team, performed better in the polytechnic plate, one.
On the other hand, there are a number of popular arts such as "Where Daddy goes, Real Man" and home-made "Star Detectives" that will be exported back to Hunan for the first time in 2018.
Mangotv has always been fourth in the industry, but he's taken the lead in 2017 when he's got three big losses on his head. This is related to the company's core competitive advantage, and we've summarized Mangotv's three.
The big gene, which believes that positioning is clear, low-cost, high-quality content, and that systems guarantee three key elements to build core corporate barriers, is clear: making users more sticky, and facilitating accurate marketing to add value to content. The current online video industry, in the face of three violent headlines, still gets a piece of competition based on vertical positioning, especially when the second team competes differently.
Mango tv and b stations are represented. Mango tv is a group of young, female and highly educated users, with a clear orientation and a clear visualization. According to the questmobile data, the number of users of mango tv under the age of 24 is 61.6%, while the 25-30 age group is 27.8%, and the total number of users under the age of 30 is 89.4%.
Rejuvenation is significant; according to data from Mangotv, the proportion of women in the user group is 69.1 per cent and the gender gap is wide; about 80 per cent of users in the user group have a university degree and above, and the willingness and ability to consume on Mango tv (over $200) is higher than the overall online video user, which facilitates the realization of the platform.
The user ' s verticalization features also facilitate accurate marketing and enhance the content marketing value of mango tv. Figure 35: The share of young users of mangotv is high
Figure 36: 69% female users of mangotv. Figure 37: higher educational attainment of the mangotv user group.
The competition in the online video industry now lies in the competition for head content, which can be accessed at low cost.
Mangotv shares its resources with the Hunan platform, which has the exclusive rights to broadcast its high-quality content. The Mangotv and Mangotv have a dual nuclear strategy, sharing their resources, and Mangotv has exclusive rights to broadcast its high quality content in the south of the lake, while serving as a platform for transferring its content to the south of the lake.
For 20 years, Hunan Watch has built an indestructible brand image based on the core concept of “Happiness China” and has consistently held the lead on provincial watch. According to Hunan Vigilante, Hunan Watch is the only channel in the market with a four-hour share of gold, nearly 6% of the weekly gold, and is higher than the second-highest frequency.
30% of the year, and eight hours on weekends alone, the audience is nearly 900 million. Hunan Watch has been running a series of annual and weekly programmes like Happy Home Camp, I'm a Singer.
In recent years, the Hunan Guard has been showing the highest performances of all kinds, with such popular works as " I am a singer " , " Flowers and teenagers " , and the "I am a singer" show, which lasts for three seasons, the fourth season is still the first time in all its diversity, creating a stable audience of fans.
The year's champions, "The Legend of Wumei", "Dear Translator" and "The Name of the People" were shown in Hunan, and in 2017, "The Name of the People" became the highest average, single-night TV show in almost five years, with the head fever bringing a lot of hits to Mangotv.
The user base of Hunan Watch, combined with the copyright for high-quality content resources, has generated a large and steady flow of mango tv. The low cost of the Hunan Watch copyright bank is relatively low.
Signing the agreement that the exclusive television programme produced by Hunan Dynasty and aired in Hunan from 2018 to 2020 will be sold to Mango tv at $451 million, 496 million and 546 million, respectively, with a total royalties of less than $1.5 billion for the exclusive television network broadcast for three years, compared to the millions that are now being produced and the prices are rising.
The cost of copyrights on the hot play network is clear, and the cost of content is significant. Compared to the Aichi, the troupe video, and the cool potatoes of the first echelon, the cost of the content of the mangotv copyright is very low, and in recent years it has not even reached the cost of the eugenic 2012 level, with the cost of the mangotv content in 2016 being only 380 million.
Yuan, which is only a fraction of the first-stage video site. But from the content cover, mangotv can see the hot airing, and the number of videos is not low, and half of the programs in 2017, 20 before the video hits, can be viewed on mangotv, which can be said to be covered with the head of the undefeated peer at a very low content cost.
(ii) Day after tomorrow: In the light of the ability of the Hunan Watch genetic team to create, self-made monolithic growth, the use of the original television programme resources can only be described as a natural advantage of Mangotv, while the video site itself needs to be developed the day after tomorrow, and it is still too thin to simply be a porter of Hunan Watch content. Mangotv as a lake.
The new sub-engine of South Wide Power, behind which is the country's top content production team and pool of human resources, has been successful in transforming the Hunan Watch audience into its own user base, with a population structure characterized by “youth + women” and thus the platform is more consciously based on its own users to plan, produce, produce content, and extend its culture to Mango tv.
In China, using the genes rooted in their own television media, priority is given to the creation of high-quality web-based entertainment programmes that highlight the emotional, fashion, recreational and cultural quality of their programmes, with their own members coming mainly from the many channels that have power in Hunan, using innovative content as a means of promoting human energy.
At present, Mangotv's home-made so-called "Gold bachelor" and "Mommy is Superman" have all had a good response, and they've been running since the fourth season, and the director has been replaced by the director of Mangotv's web so-called "Super Woman's Voice" and, on the basis of their original content, has been innovatively added to the model of "Pancho Apprentice."
The idea of a solo show, "Star Big Detectives" , which is derived from the Korean Jtbc TV "Scree of Crime" , includes "30% drop drama + 40% amused art + 30% intelligent reasoning," the creation of a script based on the excellence of the creative team, and the excellent performance of the host's guest, which has become a home-grown lunar theory ip.
Mangotv also uses the film's “grows” to launch popular art derivatives, mainly on the back of the scene, to maximize the flow of home-grown art in a solo form.
Quality homemade art becomes a nuclear power that drives the flow of mangotv, which is constantly innovating. It can be seen that mangotv moves with a wave-like rise in the length of time the app monthly is in effect, that large-heated homemade art shows are aired at the peak and, once finished, gradually move into the valley, clearly pulling platform traffic to a new height.
3 repeats the time of the broadcast, co-existing the user focus on mangotv, with a total monthly effectiveness of 950 million hours and a total monthly mobility app effectiveness (million hours) At the institutional level: talent is at the heart of the production of dry programming, with Hunan-Dai as the leading video lane in many years.
Hunan-Taidal employs talent instead of career development, which motivates talent through pay and jobs. Hunan-Guang, the electric operator, is very flexible and aims to be the master, and more than two-thirds of the producers on Mango are hired instead of the career.
Many of the core sectors are in charge. Hunan has inspired talent through pay benefits and job access, building on a unique magnetic field that has been formed over many years, bringing together a group of talented, individualized and innovative people to form a team of people who work together, do everything they can, and form the core competitiveness of Hunan's vision.
Piloting the studio system, decentralizing the use of jobs, and stimulating linked inputs. Early in 18, Hunan Watch announced a pilot studio system to fully activate content innovation and production forces and actively respond to the rise of new media platforms and home-made programmes.
The quality and effectiveness of the flagship programmes are evident in the fact that the seven studios have become the leader of the Hunan Guards.
Production power, HNSW has also introduced a series of measures to encourage studio creation, including:
Decentralization of the recruitment and employment rights of studio staff and establishment of incentive mechanisms based on “input output”; Implementation of the “double-nuclear-driven” media-wide strategy to support the production of mangotv in the studio; Encouragement of studios to accumulate experience in the development and production of web-based video programmes, etc.
The studio system is a major innovation for Hunan Guardian in the mechanisms of talent management and content production. The studios and the Royal Producers have greater autonomy, from creativity to production to resources, and the studios will develop completely independently.
Support and incentives for quality content creation. In addition, support for studios to take over mangotv production projects, encouragement of studio stock, research and development of web-based video programmes and production experience, on the one hand, is an important incentive for Hunan Watch to create studios, and on the other hand, mangotv, as the second leader of the domestic video site, has always had a unique advantage in overall art, Hunanbei.
The pilot studio system will also enable Mangotv to continue to maintain its dominant position on the web-based silos. After that, Hunan Watch will also accept a new round of applications from the production teams to set up the studios, and will conduct a six-monthly assessment of the performance and innovation of the existing studios, or will transform more teams into studios in the future.
2.3. Performance-driven analysis: Paths to future growth in corporate performance from multiple revenue channels (i) Internet video operations: rising rates of payment to the core driving force of the future, platform traffic security Happy Sunshine Internet video operations are mainly conducted through autonomous Mangotv Internet video platforms
Mango tv focuses on the theme “Young spirits” with a view to “Mango exclusive + high-quality selection + home-made” film and art programmes.
In 2017, the Internet video business averaged uv 226.4 million per day, with an average of uvv 112.2 million per day, of which uv 1.86 million per day and an average of vv75.18 million per day, and utv.79 million per day.
In 2015-2017, income from the Happy Sun Internet video business was $674 million, 989 million, 1,733 million, respectively, in the past.
The three-year compound growth rate of 60.4 per cent shows a rapid growth in both advertising and membership income over the past three years, a significant loss in Internet video operations in 2015, mainly due to the start-up phase of the business, its small size, the failure to cover the cost, a steady rise in the Māori rate of Internet videos in 2016 and 2017, a narrow deficit, and a major share of happy sunshine.
The development strategy of Mango solo plus high-quality selection + home-made is designed to optimize content inputs and increase publicity. On the one hand, advertising income is rising rapidly, and on the other hand, members’ incomes are rising in an explosive fashion, their income contributions are rising and user fees are increasing.
With regard to the number of members, since 2014 the happy sunshine has been fully engaged in the development of the Internet video business using Mangotv as a platform, there has since been a rapid increase in the number of registered and paid members of the platform. In January 2015, the Mangotv platform rose from 462,000 in February 2015 to 4.51 million by the end of 17; for Arpu, the Happy Sun membership operation in 2015 was launched with a total of 4.51 million members.
The television end-end income, the unit price of the product was higher than the mpp end, and in 2016, as the Internet video business gradually moved to the mobile end-end show, the mpp end business grew rapidly, the 15-dollar/month ordinary package month became the main product of the membership's income, and the overall arpu was on a downward trend and remained stable after the pricing of the product near the mpp end, with companies raising it in 2017.
High member rate renewals, increased promotion of members’ monthly packages, with André and pc-end monthly membership pricing of $11/month, resulting in monthly fluctuations in arpu mainly between $11-13. Mangotv’s quality content is a central driver of growth in member’s business, and is expected to be delivered through a single-cast strategy and high-quality edition in the future.
The power content continues to raise the rate of payment and monetize. Mangotv locates the user groups of young women, vertically, making the platform more sticky, relying in the future on the natural advantages of high-quality copyright transmissions from Hunan to Hunan, coupled with the efforts to create a “mango solo plus good-quality plus homemade” feature, and the platform is expected to maintain high content investment.
At present, Mangotv still has a low size and share of its membership, and there is still room for an increase in Mangotv's rate of payments compared to the first echelon of video sites at more than 10%, mainly due to a smaller payout, which is currently the only source of the fee.
To increase the number of members, Mangotv will in the future significantly increase the layout of its membership dramas, programmes, and it is expected that its long-term membership will be divided into two categories, namely, hard and soft advertising. Hard and wide is mainly based on cpm, i.e., the number of times that end-users actually broadcast ads, the cost of advertising, the cost of happy sunshine based on platform operating, and the same.
In recent years, as competition in the advertising industry has increased, there has been a downward trend in the overall prices of hard and wide billings.
Over time, more users have chosen to buy out advertising, do membership business, and the online video industry poster advertising market has slowed down in size, while soft forms, represented by name, implant, etc., have emerged rapidly as the content of the network's own head rises. Mangotv has been more targeted by soft inputs because of vertical user positioning, and in recent years the platform has been targeted at young people.
There has been a gradual increase in soft and wide input from people and female user groups, and more accurate user orientation has increased the content marketing of the platform.
(ii) Operators ' business: ownership of license plates, active outreach to new users outside the province and sharing of industries
From 2015 to 2017, the business income of happy sunshine operators was $161 million, $307 million, and 611 million, respectively, with a high and stable level of business Māori. Happy sunshine, through increasing cooperation and scope with operators, has led to a significant increase in the number of users of iptv, especially in Hunan Province, and to a sustained increase in operating income and Māori.
Happy Sunshine Operators operate primarily for iptv operators, ott operators, and telecom mobile operators, and provide broadcasting control or content services, which can be divided into three types of operations: iptv operations, ott operations, and telecommunication mobile value-added operations. For iptv operations and tt operations, payments are made in the same way, i.e. according to base services and value-added.
Services are paid for, and partners in basic services are usually based on the number of users who open the iptv operation or the ott operation pay for the happy sunshine at the agreed unit price, while partners in value-added services pay for the happy sunshine in proportion to the actual number of spots/purchases of the different value-added content packages by the iptv user or ott user.
Mobile value-added operations, where partners divide the costs paid by telecommunications operators into happy sunlight. In cooperation, in Hunan province, the focus of happy sunlight is at the heart of Hunan, where basic services and value-added spots are charged by the number of users. Outside Hunan province, happy sunshine is charged mainly for paid value-added operations.
At the bottom of the spectrum, the operations of ott and iptv, which work with operators, have moved into more than 30 provinces and municipalities in the country, as well as into the operations of the iptv and ott operators from happy sunshine, whose continued growth is mainly due to the increase in the number of settlement users, while the per capita payments have remained stable overall.
The development of television services for operators such as Rott and others across the board, and the development of happy sunshine and industrial development, on the one hand, and consolidation of the basic package in Hunan province, on the other hand, and market expansion, with high-quality content at its core, on the other, the development of the basic package of television for operators in other provinces of the country, and the promotion of a rapid growth in the number of users of the settlement, by 2015
The number of users of basic services settled was 1.68 million, the number of users of value-added services settled was 390,000, the number of users of base services settled was 11.33 million by the end of 2017, the number of users of value-added services settled was 3.93 million, and the penetration rate of value-added services also increased from 23 per cent at the beginning of 15 years to 35 per cent at the end of 17 years; in respect of per capita payments, the amount of iptv in recent years
Per capita payments for basic services ranged from 1.76 to 3.03 yuan, while per capita payments for value-added services ranged from $5.05 to $8.86, which remained stable as a whole.
In recent years, the monthly income recognition of the happy Sun's mobile telecommunications has increased from 6.96 million yuan at the beginning of the year to 38.43 million yuan at the end of the year.
In the case of license plates, happy sunshine has the right to an ott license and the right to broadcast it in Hunaniptv. In August 2009, the National Directorate of Electricity and Electricity sent a question about strengthening the management of Internet audio and video services with television as a receiving end.
The circular, which severely limits access to the network and uses its online content, requires a licence to use it, which is an Internet television licence. The General Directorate of Broadband has now issued a total of seven Internet television licence plates and no longer issues them. The first batch is Cntv, Pepsión, Hangzhou.
For the media in the South, for Hunan TV, for China International Radio (cri) and for the Central People’s Radio (cnr).
With regard to copyright content, happy sunshine is increasing content rights input, creating a unique copyright repository within the television business of the operator, which is recognized by the major operators and has become one of the leading television service providers in the country, as well as increasing penetration among users of happy sun value-added business by expanding the size of the package.
At the end of the year, the number of users of iptv reached 122 million, with a 40.9% growth rate.
By the end of 2017, 64,91 million ott terminals were living daily, presumably at the current rate of development, reaching 79,74 million days in 2018. On the basis of its continued penetration of users in Hunan Province, the company actively explored out-of-town users and shared the high growth dividends of the industry.
At the end of 2017, 56 out-of-provincial projects were in the process of working together, largely in partnership and cooperation with the Hunan Telecom, Hunan Connect and Hunan mobile operations.
There are currently as many as 105 telecommunications, connectivity, and mobile operators in 35 provincial administrative regions of the country, and there is still room for new markets for out-of-town operators. As the content of happy sunshine increases, the copyright base of Mango tv will become more abundant, helping to attract more Internet television users.
(iii) Content operations: HUNDAY's copyright transmission + revenue from powerful home-grown copyright distribution
The Happy Sun content service includes investment, production, and copyright sales of film and television shows. The investment is based on the philanthropy, and several excellent philanthropy projects have been developed, including "Where Daddy goes, Mom is Superman, Ming " .
As far as copyright is concerned, Mangotv forms a copyright pool by acquiring content rights mainly by way of outsourcing, and, secondly, by means of home-made and shareholder-funded contributions, has accumulated more than 160,000 positive pieces, with a cumulative content of over 120,000 hours. The head content is mainly from home-made or shareholder-based sources, while the long-tailed content is mainly from outsourcing.
Gotv sells films and philanthropy to other video sites with rights to broadcast on the information network, obtains copyright sales, realizes 451 million yuan in annual copyright sales and further increases in 2017 in the sale of happy sunshine and 941 million yuan in copyright sales.
Mangotv, who has the right to disseminate information on all legal, autonomous and exclusive television programmes broadcast on Hunan Tower, does not currently follow the solo strategy, but has a combination of exclusive broadcasts and distributions. Lake South Watch core shows will still be broadcast on their own, but other programmes will be adjusted according to the strategy and distributed to other video networks.
Since the launch of the so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called So-called "So-so-Suncast" strategy in 2014, the big red purple show, "Where's Daddy, I'm Singer?" and the video distribution rights have been withdrawn. It's only available on Mango tv, and this has led to lower copyright distribution revenues, which have been gradually weakened in 2016, with Mango tv passing in 2016 and 2017.
Distribution copyrights earned 183 million and 733 million gross profits, respectively, and distribution profits led to an increase in the overall profits of the year when Internet video services had not yet been profitable. Mangotv in 2017 lost profits and became the leading online video producer.
In recent years, happy sunshine has continued to expand its copyright input, introducing, on the basis of home-made programming, a large number of copyrights for cinemas, cartoons, literature, etc., with the headlines of television dramas such as "Aoyunzhi, Half-Church" and "Where Daddy goes 4, Where Daddy goes 5, Mom."
Mom is a high-quality web-based philanthropy, such as Superman 2, Star Detective 2, and Star Detective 3. With the natural advantage of high-quality copyright transmission in Hunan, coupled with Mangotv’s strong ability to make it home-grown, the platform copy pool is expected to grow further, driving copyright distribution revenues.
Merger and acquisition of new media content production and operation companies to achieve collaborative development up and down the industrial chain 3.1. Mango recreation: with the resources of Mango Stationip, the “Victory Linking” Deeplanding Game project Mango recreation is an integrated platform for mobile Internet game-related operations under the flag of Hunan Taiwan, and the main game business.
It includes games and games, game research and development, and games distribution, with products ranging from mobile single machine games, mobile network games, web-page games, etc.
By the end of 2017, more than 40 television programmes, video dramas, video games and games had been set up, including the fast-tracking camp, skyscraper, and I want to sing with you, and famous ips like Zhao Zilong and Jeeju. Mango has authorized more than 20 entries to game developers, including cards, arpg, flying shots, mobile electric competitions, etc.
Table 18: The main game items that have been developed and distributed by Mango Recreations Annual game business income of 65.46 per cent, 53.20 per cent and far more than the other two major businesses, respectively, will continue to increase the excess share of revenue generated by the game as it expands further and will continue to be profitable.
3.2. Leisure media: Together, the “Star Dream Factory” is becoming more and more sophisticated as a major entertainment company under the Hunantai flag, with the creation of youth idols as a central development and the expansion of the film and philanthropy industry.
There are several areas of artist development and planning, artist music and mega-events, business performances, video performances, business operations, etc. The entertainment media's original musical show, Super Woman, Happy Man and Happy Woman, has accumulated over 4 million entries over the 13 years since 2004.
In recent years, the entertainment media have focused on innovative development and continuous investment in and production of film and video shows.
Producing youth and family-friendly works, including " Burn! Youngsters! " , " Visit the meteor showers together " , " Where Daddy goes " , and other youth-friendly works.
The system’s best performers provide support for the production of film and visual works, increasing their impact. The two branches of business are mutually reinforcing, with alternating growth.
The television drama " The Name of the People " , " The Name of the People " , contributes about 700 million yuan, representing 50 per cent of the total gross profit, and has a greater impact on the net profits of the entertainment media during the current period.
Figure 59: Leisure Media 2015-2017 as a percentage of income from its operations 3.3. Mango visions: focus on youth dramas, test water entertainers, TV dramas in its main video business, leading the production of television dramas in Hunantai, professional
The production team for the production of the film and the campaign planner, as well as the well-developed distribution channels, the technical equipment, the mature studios, the self-production of films and films on a variety of topics, and the full-scale ecological development of ip. Mango videos are focused on the production of fine young dramas and have produced the Miyagi " Loved Gynaecology and Obstetrics " " " " The Young Cyclones " .
Li Hye-Jen, The Great Future, and other classic films that lead the market. At the same time, Mango visions, in financial terms, generated $396 million in 2015, $578 million in 2016 and 2017 respectively, with more than 95 per cent of the revenue from television drama.
The difference between men and women is striking, with Māori promotion rising to 13.18 per cent. Figure 61: Mango visualization of income from operations 2015-2017 (millions of dollars) Figure 62: Mango visual view of income from operations 2015-2017
Mengo Entertainment: through the establishment of the entire business chain of entertainment, the television drama section has gradually highlighted Mango Recreation as a professional, media-wide content-making company under the Hunantai banner, which has gained a good reputation and market influence in the business through the outstanding performance of a number of high-quality entertainment programmes, television dramas, and film productions.
In the video business, Mango entertainment produces and distributes television dramas such as Our Youth, Search for Love Adventures, and hundreds of millions of tickets. In the entertainment business, Mango entertainment brings together the Hunan Via.
On Monday's show, we co-produced a star's life experience watch show, a star's dad, and a network reality show, "Hello!The goddess." Financial data show, a number of shows, such as "Girls, Best Lovers" in 2016, recognized revenue, company profits, etc.
The increase in profitability was evident, with net interest rates rising from 10.08 per cent in 2015 to 13.47 per cent; in 2017, the company made a net profit of $30,568.87 million as a result of the suspension of the Korean drama " Shifu Hall " , which was prevented by the ban on distribution, resulting in the company ' s full price readiness.
Rapid growth, in which television dramas and derivatives not only grew very rapidly, but also were the main contributors to corporate income, reaching 70.03% in 2017. Although television shopping has been hit by electricity consumers for the past year, companies rely on household consumption.
In 2017, the net profits of the Department of Public Administration on listed companies were $72.574 million, representing an increase of 9.03 per cent over the year, excluding specific non-economic aspects of the business, which gradually expanded new marketing channels and innovative marketing models, 2017.
At the same time, companies have been active in opening new channels, such as iptv, and ott, which have grown considerably, creating new channels’ ability to operate. We believe that companies would have been more optimistic in comparison to household consumption operations in 2018 and 2019.
With regard to Internet shopping, companies continue to deploy Internet ends, happy buying apps have completed a substantial transformation of the "b2c+b2b2c+video power provider" and the number of skus has reached tens of thousands, the price of the guest bill has risen steadily, and the rate of rejection has improved. By optimizing the use of the home service experience, the cost of the company's on-line customer service is on a downward trend, taking into account the growth in the electricity industry and the fact that it is coming from Kyoto, Aya, etc.
The company’s online shopping business is expected to remain relatively stable. Through programme innovation, localization of living resources, the launch of a brand-new local consumer and service programme on the Hunan fashion channel, and the technology of mobile-television interaction, the company’s o2o business has been achieved.
The downside is expected to be somewhat contained by media-wide integration of communication and integrated marketing, and the Māori rate is expected to remain stable.The company-specific profitability projections are as follows:
As comparable targets, the average valuation of the company is 40/31x for visual China, access to technology, peer-to-peer information and Chinese televisions, 2018-2019, taking into account the high-growth stage of the company's current track and the advantages of the company's own content, production and resource support, and taking into account the scarcity of the target shares, and looking at the company's development prospects.
The second valuation method - Divisions Ps valuation: based on the large variations in the business model of the current merger and the different stages of development, we tried another valuation method to carry out a segment valuation of the business, which we think is fast.
Leather Sun’s income indicators are more reflective of the standard market’s competitiveness and actual business performance, so we think that, as a platform for video distribution, happy sunshine values with ps for more substantive reference. We refer to the Nflx conglomerate (yoku, 2016h1), the Cool 6 net (kutv, 2016h2), the iq.o) and the iq.o.
Four companies used the ps as a reference for comparable companies. The conglomerates and the cool 6 network were 5.8 times and 4.5 times, respectively, in 2016 when they left the market, Nexi had 6.6 times and 5.7 times, Nexi's latest ps (ttm, September 12, 2018) 11.17 times, Aichi Art.
We believe that, based on the current growth and profitability of the online video industry in the country, and taking into account the scarce attributes of the target company in a share, we are neutrally expected to give happy sunshine 7-7.5 times the ps, corresponding to the revenue projections for 2018, and that our business model for the Mango Recreation, Leisure Media, Mango Visualization and Mango Recreation is mature and good.
The industry pattern is stable and future projects and product planning for the targets are determined, and we believe that a pe-valued approach can be adopted. Based on the pre-existing mango super-magnetism, net interest rates are low, retail electricity companies in the label industry can be valued by ps as 0.9-1.1 times the year, and based on our income projections for the year 2018, we give that component an estimate of $3 billion-36 billion.
On the basis of the above, our assessment of Happy Purchases is as follows: a conservative valuation of $44.9 billion, a neutral valuation of $47.2 billion, an optimistic valuation of $49.5 billion, corresponding to the first valuation method described above, based on the two valuation methods and taking into account the high-growth stage in which the company is currently operating and the company itself.
The advantages of content production and resource support, and in view of the scarcity of the target shares, and in view of the prospects for corporate development, cover the “buy-in” rating for the first time.
Membership is the focus of future development of Mangotv's Internet video business, which can have an impact on the growth of happy sunlight performance if the number of pay-for-service users does not grow as expected. Self-made content does not echo as expected.
The firm's core competitiveness lies in its content-side advantages, the high relevance of Internet video operations, operator services and content operations to the quality of the company's content, which may affect the company's industries by increasing the cost of copyright procurement if the audience does not respond as expected in home-made programmes. ]
The current video platforms compete heavily for head content, and if the cost of quality copyright procurement increases further, it could erode corporate profits and create performance pressures. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory.