According to the semi-annual performance report released on August 29, 2018 by Mango supermedia, in the first half of the year, the data on mangotv's operations continued to improve.
• High growth in major major-camp revenues and more than double the number of new media operators: by branch, the company generated $1.968 billion, or 0.03 per cent, in the production of interactive content for the new media in the first half of the year. The new media platform operated (including Internet video and operator operations)
Income of 1.782 billion yuan, an increase of 108.7 per cent over the previous year, more than doubled. • Mango platform activity has continued to grow, with industry-wide configurations unique: 500 million mau in the first half of the year, an increase of 59 per cent compared to 2017; platform dauda
The new media platform operates with a multi-sphere interactive chain of marketing, media retailing, consumer finance, etc., with business segments with stronger synergies and complementarities up and down the industry, creating the advantage of a uniquely integrated whole-of-industry chain with media integration.
With a strong background and a clear competitive advantage, the company maintains a “highly recommended” rating of 26 and 20 times. The company, relying on the Hunan national capital platform, has now completed a new media industry-wide layout, and the competitive advantage of being a media operating platform is clear up and down, and we look forward to the company’s future performance.
Maintain high growth and maintain a “highly recommended” rating. 1 Former major television marketing operation, restructured and renamed Mango Super-Mongo Super-Mongo Super-Multi-Multi-Multi, purchased by Hunan Radio Television Group and Hunan Watch at the end of 2005.
The company is based on the branded advantage of the Hutto South Watch, which is based on “media retailing, e-commerce, integration of resources from a variety of media channels, such as television, computers and mobile terminals, and is committed to the development of a cross-sectoral national model of home shopping in the country.
In April 2017, Happiness initiated a major asset restructuring to buy from traders like Mango Media.
Sunshine, Mango Recreation, Mango Shadows, Mango Recreation and Leisure Media, five companies with a 100% stake in transactions of around $11.5 billion; and at the same time, two billion yuan for the Mangotv Copyright Bank Extension and Cloud Storage and Multiscreening Platforms, which are being raised from no more than five selected investors.
The restructuring was approved by the CVM on 22 June 2018 and completed business on 30 June 2018. The name of the company was changed to “Mango SuperMechanism” in August 2018.2 The performance of the first half of the year continued upwards and data from the Mangotv platform grew at a high rate
2.1. Adjusted net profits increased by 92.47 per cent over the same period, and new media operators more than doubled in business because of the large difference between Mango super-movement acquisitions of newly acquired assets and pre-merger pleasure purchases, we did not compare the company ' s semi-annual financial data for 2018 with historical data.
In the first half of the year, the company earned 1,968 million yuan, or 40.26 per cent more than the previous year, representing an increase of 39.47 per cent; the Internet video business generated 1,384 million yuan, or the same increase.
In the first half of the year, the company had a combined Māori rate of 32.71 per cent.
In terms of cost rates, the company had a sales cost of 14.95 per cent in the first half of the year, a management cost of 4.42 per cent, a financial fee of 2.2, a platform of 500 million per month, and a steady increase in advertising.
To improve the competitiveness of members' products and to achieve a high rate of growth in the number of households paid through strategies such as enhanced heterogeneity cooperation and peer-to-peer collaboration. During the reporting period, the company platform mau reached 500 million, an increase of 59 per cent compared to 2017; The number of fee-paying members increased to 6.01 million, an increase of 1.5 million compared to the end of 2017, an increase of 33 per cent;
Products and technologies, companies optimize and innovate advertising products, creating a unique form of information flow advertising based on ai and user portraits, while using content as a medium, constantly innovating brand integration, transforming programme impact into brand power, and becoming one of the preferred platforms for many advertisers in the first half of 2018.
With 207 brand names, an increase of 62.9 per cent over the same period,3 and the new media platform under the banner of Hunan TV, which together constitutes the whole media landscape, Mango Super-Mongo is the unified new media industry and capital operating platform under the banner of Hunan Radio and Television, with Hunan Wai.
The company focuses on the media industry, with Mangotv as its main platform for media integration, with a two-wheel drive based on platform precision content and core and autonomous technology, and with the full advantage of research and development, production, distribution, license plates, and policy, serving the new media of the country and overseas at the hundreds of millions.
The new state-owned media companies, with their leadership, communication and influence, continue to build the first stock market to be marked by integration and development, with their full commitment to the country's most innovative and globally influential new mainstream media, Mangotv.
As a landmark new media company for integrating development, with the key objective of creating new media brands, the company works to increase the size and motivation of Mangotv users and to build a strong and long-term relationship between key users; on the one hand, it focuses on top-level Internet video content creation and business model innovation.
Electronics company industry chain resources, in collaboration with a wide range of content-making and operating actors such as video dramas, philosophies, music, games and the interactive marketing of ip content, through diversified profit models such as advertising, membership fees, content production and distribution, income distribution from operator services, media retailing, and the creation of a mass media content, new media platforms and media retailing.
A unique and symbiotic mango media ecology, culminating in the integration of media platforms + precision user + advertising client depth industrial development patterns coupled with frequency resonance. (1) New media platform operations
The new media platform, operated by its subsidiary Hunan Happy Sunshine Interactive and Entertainment Media Ltd., with a central mission to build a new integrated media platform dedicated to creating “Mangotv” as a unified brand image, has now been built to complete the “one screen” master platform and create a full range of new and emerging web-based video, iptv, Internet TV, etc.
Industry, covering all terminals such as mpp, tv, creating a unique web-based media architecture that combines video sites, network television, content production, and whose main business includes Internet video business, operator business, etc. Internet video business refers to the provision of video product services via Mangotv full terminal, mainly for young people
User groups, which provide popular features of the theme “Young spirit”, including mangotv home-made content and Hunan Vigilance, to realize value realization through advertising income and membership services. Operators mainly refer to iptv and mobile value-added application services, which are the Internet video business in the home.
. The distribution of basic and value-added services is based on the user ' s income and the operator ' s value-added services through the provision of broadcast or content services for iptv and mobile telecommunications operators.
New media platform operation Mangotv full-end Internet video iptv and mobile value-added operations
Integration of content, integration of marketing and co-development, new media
Interactive entertainment content production Media retail content production and operation
• Artist broker, social electrician, game and ip content interactive marketing
Content appliancer Red economy (2) New media interactive entertainment content production
The new media interactive content production business includes content production and operation, artist brokerage, games and ip content production and operation mainly for the design, production, distribution, and so forth.
The integration of operational capabilities has resulted in a good market reputation and branding influence, the autonomous or joint creation of a variety of film and film dramas and popular art, and strong capacity for multi-content ip whole-industry development.
A fixed percentage of commission revenue is earned through artist participation in film shows, participation in commercial performances, brand representation, and the authorization of derivatives from the periphery. At the same time, value is realized on the basis of music copyright resources that companies have accumulated and continuously enrich in the selection and development of artists over a long period of time.
The interactive marketing of games and ip content mainly refers to the acquisition of contentip, literary works, etc. rights for game applications development and game adaptation, and custom development of games. At the same time, contentip is used to develop interactive experience products that are suitable for multiple scenarios, and commercial returns are obtained through a combination of online and offline combinations.
Retailing in the media relies mainly on the company's own media creativity and media content production advantages, through multiscreening and end-of-end distribution of commodity and life information to consumers, synchronized with database mining, precision marketing by members, and internal production.
Integrating marketing practices such as electricity service providers to stimulate and direct consumer demand towards the realization of liquidity, including, inter alia, household consumption business, social power provider business, consumer finance business, sales through television-phone double screen interaction, while optimizing the existing cable television market
At the same time, new channels such as mobile Internet, iptv, and ott are being actively expanded. The Crm system is used to deepen the excavation and precision marketing of member databases to increase profitability.
Products such as Publicity, which provides women users with a one-stop solution for fashion and make-up. At the same time, they bring online red people together to enable live interaction, commodity purchases, community formation, etc., in the form of make-up live + video.
Cars, insurance phases, etc., with industry finance at its core, supply chain finance, consumer finance at its two-wing, and the value of the company ' s upstream and downstream resources at its disposal.4 All affiliates have exceeded performance commitments, and happy sunshine as their core asset.
This major asset restructuring has led to the creation of Internet media, including content, platforms, services, ecosystems, and industrial layouts, and the construction of business models, institutional structures that are in line with new media trends.
According to Mango Media Public Disclosures data, the five newly acquired companies exceeded their performance commitments in 2017, the most important of which was a 150 per cent commitment to happy sunshine performance, with strong performance growth.
Four other companies: Mango Recreation, Leisure Media, Mango Film, Mango Entertainment Performance Commitment (MVI) — 114 per cent, 126 per cent, 107 per cent, 110 per cent respectively — and five companies as a whole — 140 per cent.
Of the five newly acquired companies, happy sunshine is the largest, making up 60% of the profits and profits of the five companies whose main assets include mangotv (Internet TV, pc, phone, pad, mobile TV), Hunaniptv, mobile value added, etc., all-round computer, television, mobile phone, tablet, etc., the lake.
Four other companies, Mango Recreation, Mango Entertainment, Daily Entertainment Media, Mango Film and Film, are leading television productions, entertainment productions, entertainers, and game development.
In the first half of 2018, happy sunshine achieved a gross operating income of 2,603 million yuan, an increase of 89.24 per cent over the previous year; net profit of 421 million yuan, an increase of 166.17 per cent over the same period.
At the content level, the Mango Media Group has produced high-quality video content (video dramas, entertainment, entertainment, etc.) for its downstream media outlets (television, television, etc.).
iptv, ott, mobile-endapp, pc-end video platform) provides quality homemade content. It is the ability of the Mango media to identify themselves accurately and to produce quality content products for young people, especially young women.
In general, home-made content, Hunan TV, and foreign headlines form the resources of the Mango Media Group for video content.
At the end of the channel, the Mango Media Group, based on its exclusive rights and its own high-quality content production, is aimed primarily at young user groups, with Mango tv under the flag providing a spot-blowing service for the Hunan Vigilance and simultaneous delivery of popular television dramas, films, entertainment programmes, cartoons, music and other video content, as well as some television stations,
Web-synchronous live programming. The "Cloud Screen" master platform has been completed, with product lines covering new media channels such as pc end, mobile end, and ott end. In recent years, the Internet video platform has reached a high level of user size and volume.
The platform's competitive advantage is clear, and we see that the company's future performance is expected to sustain high growth, maintaining that “very strong M & As perform less than expected, and that new media platforms operate with less than expected data.