Profit growth is better than that of comparable counterparts, asset quality reflects realism, recruitment as a domestic retail anchor bank, retail advantage ahead, and we think that with the second half of the year, when the epidemic is affecting the growth rate, retail line contributions are expected to increase.
▪ Profit increases faster than comparable counterparts, asset quality reflects realism, recruitment as a domestic retail anchor bank, first half of the year of the epidemic has had some impact on retail operations, and the orderly promotion of retail operations, retail line revenue performance is expected to improve and match.
In the first half of the year, the company continued to raise its provision to 1.82% of the cost of credit, affecting the first half of the year’s net profit as compared to the two quarters before the provision, which showed excellent performance, and the asset-end rate of return.
With a 5.35 per cent increase in the 2-quarter deposit margin, deposits are expected to increase at a faster rate than the industry average. In the context of an optimized liability end structure and lower market fund interest rates, the 2-quarter end-cost ratio of companies is 12 bp to 1.74 per cent lower than the 1-quarter end-cost ratio, which highlights the advantage of the end-of-debt rate.
The epidemic affected retail operations with a higher rate of return, attracting a 2-quarter asset-end rate of return of between 19bp and 4.14% down by 1-quarter, reducing the 2-quarter net interest gap of 6bp to 1-quarter. We believe that, with the marginal tightening of the credit environment and the recovery of retail loans, the revenue gap has increased.
Narrow pressure will be better than in the first half of the year. 2 quarters of bad rates go up, but retail rates go down. 2 quarters of bad loan rates go up from 3 bp to 1.14% compared to 1 quarter.
The negative rate of retail credit and the rate of concern are 4 bp, 37 bp to 0.83% and 1.14%, respectively, down by the first quarter. The bank ' s annual rate of production of non-performing loans (publicized) was 1.29% in the first half of the year, an increase of 0.09 percentage points in the same year.
The downside of the economy leads to a higher than expected deterioration in the quality of assets.
Employing as a domestic retail anchor bank, the first six months of the epidemic had some impact on retail operations, and the first six months of net interest earnings (3.97%, yoy) were expected to increase.
The net revenue from fees (8.46%, yoy) fell from the first quarter (5.5%, 15.2%, respectively), resulting in an increase in the first half of the year, a better situation in the country and an orderly expansion of retail operations. Retail line revenue performance is expected to improve and the contribution to group profits is expected to increase. Companies continued to increase their contribution to the provision in the first half of the year, with credit costs rising further to 1.82% in the second quarter, affecting them.
Net profits fell by 8.5 per cent in the same year, the market had already expected a first-month increase in earnings from equity companies, and the net profits from recruitment remained strong on the same retail customer base, with a more diversified income structure, although the revenue from bank cards and settlement clearance charges for the first half of the year was lower than in the same period last year (by 2.44 per cent and 3.22 per cent, respectively).
The advantages of wealth management are highlighted by the fact that the first half of the year saw an increase of 46.03% in revenue from wealth management fees, effectively matching the negative impact of the epidemic on fees and fees. We believe that the performance of recruited wealth management operations is inextricably linked to a solid retail customer base. The number of customers sold at the end of the second season grew by 4.9% to 151 million compared to the end of 2019, with gold sunflowers and above growing by 10.2% to 2.92 million private customers.
Net non-interest income increased by 9.77 per cent over the same period, representing an increase of 1.24 percentage points to 35.85 per cent over the same period last year, reflecting the gradual realization of net interest operating results, and we believe that diversification of the income structure also guarantees a more robust income from its main business.
Two quarters of deposits were recruited with excellent performance, with a 5.35% ring increase, and deposits are expected to increase at a faster rate than industry averages, with the share of induced deposits in liabilities rising further to 74% compared to one quarter (73%). Of these, the proportion of current deposits increased by 2.56 percentage points to 62.69% compared to the end of the previous year.
The advantage of the end-of-the-life cost ratio is highlighted in the context of lower market capital interest rates, with companies accounting for 12 bp to 1.74% of the lower end-of-the-quarter ratio of their liabilities in the second quarter. In conjunction with the end-of-the-assembly, the second quarter of the end-of-the-quarter yield ratio of 19 bp to 4.14% of the lower end-of-the-quarter ratio of net-rate spreads to 6 bp of the lower end-of-cycle in the first quarter of the second quarter, as a result of retail operations with lower policy interest rates and the impact of the epidemic on higher rates of return.
We believe that, with the marginal tightening of the credit environment and the resilience of retail loans, the pressure to collect interest differentials will be better than in the first half of the year. Two quarters of bad rates go up, but retail downs, considering the impact of the epidemic on retail operations, the quality of assets is the focus of the market.
An increase of 3bp to 1.14 per cent, but interest-type loans ranged from 18bp to 0.99 per cent, as compared with the beginning of the year. Of these, the Division for Poor Retail Credits in Banks has further tightened its rating of bad credit for reasons of caution. The recruitment of 80 per cent (85 per cent in 2019) of overdue 90 days at the end of the 2nd quarter was an increase of 0.09 percentage points.
Given a prudent business style and improved asset quality forward-looking indicators, we believe that the overall risk is manageable. Against a background of poor generation acceleration, the 2-quarter coverage ring has fallen by 11 percentage points to 441% over the 1-quarter period, but the absolute level remains at the forefront of the industry, guaranteeing risk resilience to recruitment.
In the first half of the year, the revenue from the main business was slower than in the first quarter of the year, and retail lines were less profitable. But, as a domestic retail anchor bank, retail dominance, retail customer base, we believe that the retail section’s contribution is expected to increase with the spread of the epidemic in the second half of the year and the orderly conduct of retail operations.
Multiply /1.36 times, we believe that the style of engagement is robust and well-equipped, that the ability to compensate for risks is better than that of peers, that the downside of the economy leads to a deterioration in the quality of assets, that banks, as a pro-cyclical industry, have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development, and that economic development influences the performance of the real economy and profitability, thus affecting the quality of the assets of the banking sector.
Downwards, there is a risk of deterioration in the quality of the bank ' s assets, thereby affecting the bank ' s profitability.