Merchant Bank (600036): Mid 2020 Report: A hidden bright spot: good quality of real assets!  Profit forecasting and investment rating: low profit margins, income decline, narrow profit spreads, etc.
The report does not appear to be excellent, but indicators such as deep splitting overdue and interest-type loans show excellent real asset quality. In marginal thinking, credit card risk is clearly stable, retail wealth management continues to grow, and we judge that a business bank will be even better after the outbreak. Considering the impact of credit impairment, we push down the business bank profit forecast.
Given the high quality of real assets, maintaining the corporate “buy-in” rating is recommended as a core bank priority. The middle report hides the bright spot: the good quality of real assets, the double drop in interest-type loans, and the rapid decline in the proportion of overdue loans.
We believe that the quality of the real assets of each bank continues to be excellent, with the negative rate rebounding from 1.11% at the end of the quarter to 1.14% due mainly to stricter recognition of bad assets, which has led to a reduction in the provision coverage from 451.27% in the quarter.
To 440.81 per cent, resulting in a significant increase in the rate of newly generated non-performing loans (parental annualized caliber) compared to 2019.1 In the context of this year's high-speed loan expansion, interest-based loans have been moved from early years to target potential risks and to expand the range of non-performing loans identified, resulting in a negative rate up and a lower level of financial coverage.
Performance may, on the contrary, further increase the company ' s resilience to risk.2 The late loan indicator is a more accurate reflection of credit default than the non-performing loan and concern-type loan indicator (as there is no need to consider identifying criteria, and unless the extension/renewal is processed, any principal and interest arrears will be reflected)
The percentage of overdue loans by commercial banks is between 6 bp and 1.35 per cent lower than at the beginning of the year and between 8 bp and 0.91 per cent higher than at the beginning of the year, while the deviation from the target for non-performing loans and loans older than 90 days has been reduced to 80 per cent (85 per cent at the beginning of the year).
(an increase of about 2.2 billion at the beginning of the year), but the proportion of overdue loans reflecting the quality of real assets is excellent. However, the impact of the epidemic on the quality of assets is still positive, and the risk of credit card operations most affected by the epidemic is exposed, with credit card failures ranging from 50 bp to 1.85% at the end of June compared to the previous year.
The credit card failure situation has become apparent in the second quarter, and based on the parent-gauge data disclosed in the first quarter of the year, the report points out that one-quarter credit card failure rate is one-time at the end of the quarter.
According to industry studies, many banks still have pressure on retail credit risk in the second quarter of the year (as a result of fluctuations in the income of residents) and the quality of business bank assets is reversed.
Quick annual performance rating: the most stable showing the quality of the bottom group, and the market should be more confident about improved credit risk in subsequent retail operations. roe, asset quality is heavier than interest differentials.
▪ A slight decline in the single quarter of profits before the provision, mainly due to the narrow spread of interest income + higher cost. This implies a slight fall in the second quarter of the year compared to the first quarter of the year. This is due to the growth in income from the spread, on the other hand, to the third quarter of the year: good asset quality.
Quarterly sharp spreads are mainly influenced by lower asset-end loans and investment returns, with both loan and investment returns running 19bp below the mark in the second quarter, loan returns falling to 4.96% and partner asset returns falling significantly below 42bp to 1.75%.
To a certain extent, the cost of bank liabilities has been reduced, but commercial banks have also had relatively limited space to move down the cost of liabilities as the leading retail bank with the most obvious advantage of their own low-cost liabilities, with the second quarter cost of deposits being reduced by only 4 bp to 1.59 per cent, with a combined negative interest 2. Higher costs also adversely affect the growth of profits before the provision, with corporate cost revenues rising by 63 bp to 63 bp in the first half of the year.
28.22%, mainly as a result of a marked rise in employee costs. Cost revenues are usually significantly lower in the first half of the year than in the second half, and this year, when the overall cost revenues of commercial banks are lower than in the second half, the latter have turned back, mainly because of higher retail operating costs and higher retail block costs.
Retail customer assets aum grew at a high rate in the first half of the year, ranging from 10.26% to 8.26 trillion at the beginning of the period, and retail customers reached 151 million. Thanks to the enthusiasm in the Fund’s market, the income from parent-calibre wealth management fees rose at a high rate of 46% to $18.32 billion, of which the agent base was responsible.
Gold sales revenue increased by 105 per cent to $4,808 million over the same period; trustee revenue increased by 122 per cent to $5,651 million over the same period, driven by an increase in the size of mainly seized property, and by a lower base of income affected by the financial transition during the same period last year.
It will be broader. Moreover, the second quarter’s revival of retail operations has boosted the market’s confidence in the follow-up development of merchant banks, as can be seen in the first half of the year, where credit card transactions were almost flat the same as last year, where the volume of cards was less affected by the epidemic, and where retail operations are expected to recover further and grow more resiliently as the effects of the epidemic are phased out in the second half of the year.
Figure 4: Increase in single-quarter interest income from 2016q1 to 2020q2 recruiting banks