Bank of Merchants (600036): High growth in retail aum, smooth quality of assets Events: 28 August, when the Recruitment Bank publishes its semi-annual report for 2020.
Mother-to-child net profits rose by 7.3 per cent, 6.3 per cent and 1.6 per cent, respectively, to $14.835 billion, $10.51.9 billion and $49.79 billion, respectively, and by 1.14 per cent and 3 bp per cent, respectively, the first firm law in the country. The reserve coverage was 440.81 per cent and the core-level capital adequacy rate was 11.31 per cent.
The share-holding commercial bank is also the country’s first pilot bank to promote banking reform outside the system. Close collection and the rate of increase in the ppps have declined, with a small drop in net profit from the increased provision.
In the context of the transformational objective of building “light banks”, the dynamic development of “quality, efficiency, scale” has been achieved, with the split showing a 4.0 per cent increase in net interest income over the year and a 12.9 per cent increase in non-interest income over the same year, and a decrease in net profit of 1h20 over the same year.
- 1.6 per cent represents an initiative to increase the level of the provision (22.3 per cent increase in the value impairment of credit and other assets on a year-on-year basis).
At the end of June, the share of retail loans declined by 1.41 pct at the beginning of the comparison, from the structural debt restructuring to the structural deposit pressure. At the end of June, the share of deposits and peer liabilities increased at the beginning of the comparison, respectively, and we expect that interest rates on loans will continue to decline in the second half of the year, subject to the influence of the concessional entity.
The asset-end rate of return will be increased to some extent: but considering that retail lending will continue to increase during the year less than last year, the contribution will be an increase in investment returns as a result of the Fund’s increased dividends on investment and the spread of notes and bonds. Quality will remain stable.
In the short term, credit card risk still requires attention to changes in the income and employment situation of the population; we believe credit card lending will continue to face significant adverse generation pressures and uncertainty.
Retail operations continued to flourish, with retail customers growing rapidly. By the end of June, retail customers exceeded 150 million. 2.91 million of them were gold sunflowers and above, and 91,000 private bank customers, representing an increase of 10.21 per cent and 11.46 per cent, respectively, compared to the beginning of the year; the rate of increase was close to last year ' s full-year level.
Investment advice: The company’s retail operations continue to be dynamic, prudential, stable asset quality and relatively less affected by economic fluctuations. In the current climate of greater uncertainty, the company may further increase its write-off disposal and provision for tianxy@dxzq.net.cn
Source of financial and intellectual excellence in the East: Figure 1: Business bank performance at the same rate as in the previous season. Figure 2: Business bank performance at the same rate as in the same season.
Figure 3: Merchant Banks 1q20, 1h20 years of split performance, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East.
Figure 9: Portfolio bank asset quality indicators are more stable
East Hing Securities Co. reported a high rate of growth in retail aum and a steady quality of assets.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the Brethren Bank (600036): high growth in retail aum, the quality of assets, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
East Hing Securities Co. reported a high rate of growth in retail aum and a steady quality of assets.
Liam, Master of Arts in Finance and Economics, Cambridge University, England. Years of experience in banking, research assistant in gold securities, seaton securities, Tianwind securities banking.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.