Merchant banks: marginal improvements in the quality of retail end assets, provision for delays in the rate of profit increase Incident: Sales banks reported the achievement of business income of 1483.53 in the first half of 2020. Accelerating poor write-off and provisioning are the main reasons for the decline in profits.
The banking sector has accelerated the process of bad recognition and provision in the second quarter. As a result, the amount of credit impairment in the first half of the year was 22.3 per cent higher than in the same period last year, and the net profit of the previous year was trillion, 12.3 per cent higher than at the end of the previous year, with deposits growing at a higher rate of innovation.
Total equity/flow (millions of shares) Cost reduction of interest-bearing liabilities is lower than interest-bearing asset returns, and net interest differentials are higher. Retail exposure to the epidemic is more direct, but there has been a marginal improvement in credit cards in the second quarter.
Merchant Bank (600036) "The Business of Merchant Banks is overtaken by the epidemic in the first quarter, which leads to poor credit cards: asset quality and profitability"
In the first half of the year, non-performing loans of $15.9 billion were generated. Other retail loans of $4.08 billion were generated. The quality of retail assets improved at the end of the second quarter compared to the margins of the first quarter, and retail underperformance fell by 6 bp to 0.81% at the end of the second quarter compared to the first quarter.
Report point assessment: asset quality excellent, profitability and retail lending interest decreased by 4bp at the beginning of the comparison, 37bp to strong at the end of the quarter - - 2019/10/31
Remodeling retail digitization systems has been steadily increasing. Recruitment has always focused on digitalization, improved customer and operational capabilities, and the monthly activity of the two app platforms has remained more resilient during the reporting period, reaching 9.891 million households.
There is a tendency to shift customer demand upwards, where recruitment is pre-eminent. Performance forecasts and investment proposals: in the publicly traded stock market, recruitment performance remains abrupt, negative deviations are decreasing, retail end asset quality has improved marginally, and the future is bad.
Dealing with the pressure is lighter. Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating.
Merchant banks: marginal improvements in the quality of retail end assets, provision for delays in profit growth Banks: marginal improvements in the quality of retail end assets, provision for delays in profit growth Banks: marginal improvements in the quality of retail end assets, provision for delays in profit growth
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report