On October 28, the company released its three-quarter report for 2021, which achieved operating income of $15.4 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 29 per cent over the previous quarter; the mother ' s net profit of $1.5 billion, an increase of 26 per cent over the previous quarter.
Business income of $7.16 billion increased by 44 per cent and ring growth by 47 per cent; net profit of the mother of $750 million and the return of the q3 inverter increased by the same ring, and profitability remained excellent: the company had delivered about 31gw in the first three quarters of the year (about 35gw in the last year), with an estimated q3 out of 11~12gw.
Declines of 4.2 pc, 0.3 pc, respectively, taking into account the significant increase in the perc business income relative to the lower Māori ratio of q3 income and the fact that, based on domestic and foreign data on installed aircraft, the ratio of small aircraft used in the company ' s three-quarter shipments and in its industrial and commercial distribution applications is still rising, so we assume that the company ' s q3 invertor structure is still rising.
2. Reverse changer-driven short-term upswing, platform advantage opening, Māori performance remains excellent. Storage energy markets can multiply over time, storage energy systems can be integrated into business units with high value and performance elasticity.
Q: With rising domestic and foreign energy costs, the demand for terminals for light storage systems has increased exponentially, and even with a significant increase in the cost of raw materials, this year ' s energy storage has doubled, with the price of raw materials falling next year and the demand for storage energy markets is expected to be higher than expected.
System integration, calculated at a cost of a storage energy system of $1~1.5/wh, is about 5~7 times the value of the business unit in the inverter. Since storage energy transformers and electrical electronics such as ems in the storage system are self-produced by the company, the Māori rate can be more than 20%, and in the future, as the storage energy market breaks out, the public will be able to produce more than 20%.
Millions of dollars, with an increase of $3.59 billion over the ring, after q2 to reach a record high. With the barriers of scale + the layout of the response chain for many years, companies have increased their reserve reserves to protect raw materials such as this year’s igbt, in the face of a shortage of raw materials.
U.W.C. Report rating ratio analysis in the market, and then averaged the final rating as average market investment