Sunshine Power (300274), tri-quarter review 2021, event: Sun Power Disclosure, tri-quarter 2021, business income of $15,374 million in the first three quarters of 2021, Huang Soo Yo
This represents an increase of 29.09 per cent over the same period; a net return of 1,505 million yuan over the same period, or 25.89 per cent over the previous three quarters; and growth in the first quarter of the first quarter of the second quarter, and a further deepening of the global landscape.
By June 2021, sunlight power had accumulated in the global market, with over 182gw installed. In the first half of this year, companies in India, Australia, Korea, the Middle East, North Africa, and Southern Africa accounted for the largest share of photovoltaic reverse transformers in Japan, Europe, and the domestic market.
On October 29, 2021, performance increased significantly, with the number of domestic home-to-house counters having increased more than sixfold over the year. The share of sun power in the world in 2020 was about 27%, and as globalization deepened,
The storage system operations are rapidly expanding and becoming a new growth point. It is expected that the size of the new storage capacity will grow at a very high rate, with the 1500v full-scope system solution yielding significant efficiency gains.
Under the pressure of pre-PVP Internet access, new energy + storage is a key supporting technology for scaling up, and global storage can increase significantly. The company’s 5~10kw/9.6~102.4kwh household storage system and 50kw~1mw/2~5h distributed storage energy system have already been massed in the global market.
The company’s storage system is now widely used in mature electricity markets, such as the United States, the United Kingdom, and Germany, and it is increasing the depth of wind storage. The company’s storage system’s operations are growing rapidly, becoming a new growth point for the company.
In the first three quarters of the year, the company invested $850 million in R & D. In comparison with the previous quarter, the company proposed to raise a total of $3.64 billion for the expansion of 70gw light-voltage inverters, 15gw wind currents, 15gw storage transformer capacity, expansion of R & D centres and construction of a global battalion.
The rating system’s “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and I have been able to do so independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.