Sunshine Power (300274); Photovoltaic Reverse transformer; tap; storage; wind transformer; sun power;
Financial highlights: The company disclosed three-quarterly reports in 2021, with revenue of $15,374 million in the first three quarters, with photovoltaic reverse transformers, wind currents, storage systems, new energy vehicle-driven systems, water-surface photovoltaic equipment, intelligence
Reversers and storage energy products are growing rapidly, and performance is increasing as expected. Corporate revenue and net profits are among the largest systems of light-volatile reverse changers in the country.
In 2021, 46-50gw goods from the Reversers, more than 3gwh from the Reserve, will be distributed over the last year, thanks to a change in product structure this year, an increase in the share of goods from overseas, and an increase in the number of goods from households using the Reverters, which is expected to reach more than half a million units throughout the year.
A small increase in the rate led to a slower rate of profit than the rate of increase in revenue, q1-q3 sales, management, R & D, and the availability of materials in a tight environment. Cash flow from corporate operations shifted from positive to negative, mainly due to the pressure on materials such as the igbt industry and the company ' s security of materials this year, which increased procurement.
Payment expenditures lead to cash outflows from operating activities. We believe that the company will continue to have the leading export guarantee capacity as it actively pushes forward the nationalization of part of the total equity/remittancea share (million shares) of the material.
Markets b/h shares (millions of shares) keep an eye on the long-term growth of corporate ownership. 1) The company occupies a high-quality photovoltaic track, has great downstream development potential, has established a global reputation for high-value electricity switching products, and now has a near-global market share.
30 per cent of the channels, brands, product barriers established by companies constitute competition moats. 3) The Department will also be active in areas such as energy storage systems, wind-power transformers, etc., where synergies of technology, effects, etc. will support the development of major industries, and overseas markets will contribute to significant business growth.
The source of the financial and intellectual growth of the East.
A Master of Science from Cornell University, an undergraduate from New York University, has served in China to build the China East Electric Design Institute, five years of infrastructure development experience, and in 2018, the professor's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Stock Company reports Sunshine Power (300274); Light Volcano Reverse transformer taps, storage power, wind transformers, a little more blooming.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.