Sunshine Power (300274.sz) Rapid growth of energy storage operations and increased guaranteed lead in research and development Summary of the company's performance: third quarter report in 2021, generating revenue of $15.37 billion in the first three quarters.
The net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies rose by 29.1 per cent over the same period; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies grew by 25.9 per cent over the same period, reporting an increase of 15.47 billion yuan, or 48.0 per cent over the beginning of the year, and corporate profitability continued to improve.
10.45% overall profitability has continued to improve, mainly due to the higher share of the company in the overseas Māori market and in the high Māori scene. The higher share of high Māori business has somewhat eased the position of the inverters as a result of the higher prices of raw materials and the high cost of shipping abroad.
One of the firms, the company’s core product, has a clear market advantage, with the PV business well ahead of the list in several regions and cities overseas. In terms of the revenue structure of the PV business, the company’s share of income abroad reached 80% in the last three quarters, and overseas has become an important export market for companies.
In terms of storage capacity, the company has been integrated mainly from the storage energy system, starting in 2014, and has developed a deep-coherent integration technology between packs, pcs, ems, bms to ensure the safe operation of the entire storage system.
The Bureau issued an announcement clarifying that new storage and user-regulating loads are formally listed as part of the network, meaning that, in connection with the operation of the grid and the support services, new stocks will be eligible as independent subjects, and that more than 10 provinces in the country will be able to adopt a “strong match” policy that will usher in a period of rapid growth in gold.
The company continues to increase its investment in R & D and the related investment in R & D personnel and in R & D raw materials, with R & D costs of $850 million, an increase of 62.7 per cent and R & D costs.
Chu Chiqiang, Volt, Storage Energy, Wind Power Conversion and Product Innovation, National Strategy for Distribution for the District as a whole, introduction of a panorama solution, introduction of a light-filled integration model, and a full-scale layout distribution of photovoltaic power stations.
The Division is expected to continue to have a competitive advantage in system technology and market development. Predominant advantage, steady expansion of overseas markets, rapid growth in storage capacity, and a better future for companies.
The securities investment advisory business is an activity in which institutions and their consultants have acquired the relevant qualifications issued by regulatory authorities to provide securities investors or customers with information, analysis, forecasting or advice on portfolio investment, and to charge services directly or indirectly.
The data used are from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views and seeks to be unique.