Agent Le Wu, the 3 1-hour review report (600031.sh) will keep the H2 sales high, and the return in profitability will be higher than expected.
Excavators are expected to increase by 70 per cent in 2017, with a continuing increase in the share of large excavators 100 per cent in 2017, company sales 123 per cent and the city 21.5 per cent, with small, medium and large digs accounting for 55.97 per cent, 34.56 per cent and 9.47 per cent, respectively.
Zhou's revenue growth will be higher than sales growth. Thanks to the supply-measured reforms, massive commodity prices are driving mining investments, while at the same time they are driven by massive increases in commodity prices.
The sales of the excavators will continue to double in July, bearing in mind that in the third quarter the volume of the excavators will remain low,8 the expected growth in the concrete machinery h2 is expected to be higher than expected, the crane will continue to grow at a high rate and is expected to grow by more than 100 per cent for the H1 concrete pump and blender vehicles in 2017, and the pumps are expected to be collected.
The ratio will rise significantly. With better than expected real estate investments, the growth of the h2 concrete pump is expected to accelerate. The H1 crane industry grew by 92 per cent in 2017, the company grew by more than 100 per cent, and demand came mainly from infrastructure.
The recovery in profitability will be higher than expected, and h2 is expected to continue to increase by a percentage point; q1 concrete machines, excavators, cranes, pile machines, concrete machines, excavator operations are expected to be higher than expected and q2 is expected to remain at or high levels.
Q1 Māori. The high growth in the volume of h2 pump cars for large-scale sales is expected to raise Māori.The quality of operating cash flows and receivables will continue to improve by $3 billion net cash flows from q1 operations, and will continue to be inflow since q2 in 2016.
In 2017, the company continued to focus on a conservative sales policy to control the risk of receivables, with a projected down payment rate of more than 30 per cent for both instalments and financing. Mobile phones and potentially late-risk receivables were processed expeditiously, and the quality of operating cash flows and receivables was expected to improve continuously and assets were reduced.
Management costs are expected to remain stable, falling from a peak of 3.3 billion yuan in recent years to 2.1 billion yuan in 2016. Sales costs are expected to increase by the same amount, owing to a boom in sales, including the construction of channels and the concession of distributors.
Corporate Review: Three and a half heavy jobs: 7,05 in the hands of the ship's heavy workers, and the “people in the army” contributing to future development, net cash outflows from capital activities amounting to $4.7 billion and $4.5 billion, respectively, mainly for the repayment of bank loans.
The asset-liability ratio is expected to decrease. We judge that the company's current capacity utilization is at the company's depth: three-for-one: the weight of the nation, one-by-one industry rating: the diggers continue to grow at a high rate and keep looking good.
In the first half of the year, downstream investment in capital estates was over-expected, companies were most competitive in branding, product lines, production controls and risk controls, global layout, and market shares continued
In the medium-to-long term, defense equipment and export operations are expected. Companies take stock of how assets are being disposed of faster than in the transition industry depth: how can one way or another benefit China?
1. According to the Association of Engineering and Mechanical Industries, 8933 excavators were sold in June 2017, representing an increase of 119 per cent per year. Rings 24 per cent per year and cumulatively +123 per cent per year.
At 19%, it continues to be the first; Caterpillar, Xu, Doosan, Pine, second to fifth, with cities accounting for 13%, 10%, 9%, 8%, respectively. Industry continues to have a strong and consistent pattern.
The volume of machine sales will continue to double in July, the rate of increase is expected to be expected after August. 2.h1 is expected to increase significantly faster than the rate of medium- and small-scale digs, and revenue is expected to increase at a rate of 31st in the first half of 2017, with 31st excavators cumulatively selling 16154 units and cumulatively +123.54 per cent.
In June 2017, Trinity Excavator sales were analysed by region, with exports accounting for 28.26 per cent, 26.46 per cent, 32.28 per cent, 13.00 per cent, compared with 3.07 per cent, +6.64 per cent, due to high growth in domestic market demand.
In the east, the main demand area for this high-growth round is in the mid-western region. 3. High growth rates of 50 per cent are expected to continue in the second half of the three cranes, and growth in concrete machinery h2 is expected to be higher than expected.
In 2017, H1 concrete pump and mixer are expected to grow by more than 100%, and the share of pump revenue is expected to rise significantly. Real estate investment is better than expected, and growth in h2 concrete pump is expected to continue with more than a 50% increase in cranes.
100 per cent, and the demand is mainly from infrastructure. percentage points; q1 concrete machines, excavators, cranes, stump machines, Māori, etc. The recovery rate of Māori in excavator operations is higher than expected, and q2 is expected to remain at or above the Māl q1 level.
High growth in the volume of H2 pump vehicles will be expected to raise the Māori rate. The cost of sales is expected to increase the same year because of the boom in sales, including the construction of canals and the concession of distributors.
In the case of spare parts suppliers, pump valves are mainly supplied by Kawazaki, Germany, Bo Schlesler, and in the case of tanks, the main suppliers of constant hydraulic fluids are Mitsubishi. In the case of suppliers, the company ' s strategy is to focus on overall matching, not overemphasizing brands, especially recently.
The supply of Kawasaki is tight and the company needs to expand its supply range. 5. Thirty-one cost rates are well under control and the asset-liability ratio will decline further. 52,000 people per year will fall to 138,000 in 2016, and the annual management costs will fall from a peak of 3.3 billion yuan per year.
Sales costs will increase the same year. The net cash flow from q1 fund-raising activities in 2016 and 2017 is better off, operating cash flows will continue to increase.
Of the company’s accounts receivable balances, 30 per cent were due from the first five units, 70 per cent were due in instalments + full payments, less than 20 per cent were received in instalments and over 30 per cent were paid in advance; the company’s cash flow for fund-raising in the first quarter of 2017 was more than $4 billion and bank-end borrowing was declining.
Net operating cash flows improved significantly in 2016, at a positive level of $3.25 billion, an increase of 52 per cent over the previous year; however, it is worth noting that corporate bad debt losses reached a recent high of $860 million in 2016, which also increased to 4.77 per cent as a proportion of receivables, and we believe that the company ' s share of bad debt in 2016 is the Tiffipi.
The rise in the number of cases also speeds up the liquidation of bad assets, allowing 2017 young people to take up positions. In the first half of the year, downstream investment in capital estates was over-expected, companies were the most competitive in branding, product lines, production control, risk control, global layout, and market shares continued to rise.
The most profitable elasticity; in the medium and long term, defense equipment and export operations are expected.