Three heavy jobs (600031) in depth report a strong recovery in 17 years of major business cards being exported along the way, a strong industry, a rapid recovery in performance: the company is one of the poles of my national corporation, now.
Growing to be China’s largest and sixth-largest manufacturer of engineering machinery. The company’s performance is now improving significantly, along with Māori rates and net interest rates; liquidity has improved significantly, and risks have been released; and, in terms of product structure, concrete machinery and excavator machinery account for more than 70% of the company’s total revenues.
During the 16-year period, the performance of the engineering and mechanical plate has recovered rapidly, with significant signs of marginal improvement: on the demand side, while the real estate sector is the main driver of the demand for engineering machinery, its importance is declining with the spread of the ppp and the rise in commodity prices, and capital investment is expected to pick up.
Built real estate constitutes a new engine for boosting the demand for engineering machinery; at the supply end, the stock of engineering machinery is about to peak, while domestically produced engineering machinery has almost been replaced by imports, and it is hoped that it will benefit most from the power of equipment replacement.
The excavator is expected to be a new engine of corporate performance: the mechanical harvest is increasing, and the Māori Goon is already the number one, with a significant upward trend. On the market, the Trinity Digger is one of the representatives of the domestic high-end equipment import alternatives, and the market is strong and has been digging in the country for six years in a row.
In terms of product structure, 16-17 medium-sized excavator sales have continued to increase, moving towards international diggers, and the company’s profitability is expected to increase as much as it does. In terms of product technology, the company’s R & D inputs are among the top in the industry, and many forward-looking technologies are already in use.
It is hoped that companies will continue to consolidate the vanguard advantage of the excavator market in the future. From “China’s Trinity” to “Global Trinity One,” there has been a worldwide expansion of companies all along: the company’s internationalization has continued since its long term, and is now the most international in the engineering and machinery industry in the country.
One of the high-level enterprises is also one of the important business cards for our high-end equipment exports. At this stage, our “one-way” planning is gaining greater international recognition and response, and the company’s global expansion path is expected to widen as national infrastructure projects along the way unfold.
The company's entry into the military industry for two years has been fruitful, in keeping with the trend of popular participation: the company has been gradually moving into the military industry since 15 years and has now signed a joint development agreement with the National Defense Science and Technology Agency; and an agreement has been signed with the Ministry of Defence of Paulie, China and China to co-finance the establishment of a military equipment company.
In February 16, the Ministry of Defence Science and Technology obtained a licence for the production of weapons and equipment. The Department is actively engaged in the transformation of military-industrial operations in keeping with the current trend of civilian participation in the military-industrial industry in the country, and at this stage of the country’s development of equipment, it is expected that the company’s military-industrial operations will lead to greater performance in the future.
We believe that the engineering and machinery industry as a whole is in a recovery cycle and that the strategy will open up the country's export space for the engineering and machinery industry, and that the company has a comparative advantage as an absolute partner in the engineering and machinery industry, maintaining its “recommended” rating.
The company is one of the pillars of my national corporation, which was founded in 1994 and is now the largest and sixth largest manufacturer of engineering machinery in China. The dominant products include concrete machinery, excavator machinery, road-building machinery, stump machinery, lift-up machinery, etc.
Mechanical, non-digging construction equipment, port machinery, wind and wind equipment, etc., of which concrete machinery, excavator machinery, pillar machinery, tracked cranes are the country’s first brand, concrete pump vehicles have completely replaced imports, 57% of the domestic market in 16 years, the country’s first in number and the world’s highest in successive years; and excavator machinery is the world’s top in 20% in 16 years.
At present, the company is actively shifting from “single-equipment manufacturing” to “single-equipment-making 10 services”; at the same time, operations are gradually expanding to new industries such as construction industrialization, military engineering, and fire-fighting vehicles;
In addition, four major research and development and manufacturing bases, India, the United States, Germany, Brazil, etc., have been able to provide a robust impetus to the global layout of the company through the eastward winds. 2. Financial data continues to improve, and recovery is expected to continue.
The 16-year period of continuous warming in the engineering and machinery industry and the significant recovery of the company ' s 16-17q1 performance, with 16 full-year collections and returns of 727.1 per cent and a single-quarter year-on-year upswing, demonstrates the high upward elasticity of the company ' s performance. 2.2 Refund capacity continues to improve and liquidity risks are released.
The ability to pay back has continued to improve. The growth in receivables caused by the long-standing credit sales of the previous market is effectively slowing down, with the industry returning, the firm’s liquidity rate of receipts having declined steadily and slightly rebounded in 16 years, while the growth rate of accounts receivable, which was less than one year old, went down after it had reached an all-time high in 2012, reaching q1 in 17 years.
Corporate liquidity has improved significantly, and risks have been released. We have selected two indicators for the net operating cash flow and the sales cash ratio to analyse corporate cash flows, first from 14 years to the bottom of history.
Stock levels have recovered steadily as profits are restored. The company’s stock levels have increased in two ways, one being downstream demand, with production backlogs resulting from falling harvests, and the passive increase in stock levels, one of the characteristics of which is a decline in total stock levels, while the proportion of finished products has remained largely stable, indicating that downstream demand has begun to consume finished stocks, while companies are simultaneously upgrading them.
Higher levels of production and recovery are expected to continue. 2.4 Concrete machinery, excavator machinery, is still the backbone of the company. Concrete machinery, excavator machinery, accounts for more than 70 per cent of the company’s total revenues. By the end of 16th year, 70 per cent of the company’s total revenues were still in place.
Concrete machinery contributes, and companies have a strong technical strength and market recognition in this area. In terms of collection, concrete machinery is still higher than excavating machinery, yet in terms of gross profit contributions, it excavates mechanical pressure, which accounts for 40% of the total Māori, and an analysis of the disaggregated types will be detailed in section III of this report.
3. The recovery in the engineering and machinery industry is overwhelming. 3.1 The engineering and machinery industry continues to recover and profits improves. The overall collection of engineering and machinery plates has been relatively stable for 16 years, while net profits have recovered rapidly and there are signs of marginal improvement.
The steady upturn indicates that the profitability of the business is beginning to improve on the good side; however, at the same time, the turnover rate of the industry's inventory and accounts receivable is more pronounced than it has rebounded, which is a good indication of the improved business performance of the industry after experiencing de-productivity and restructuring, the rapid reduction of the industry's exposure to bad debt risks previously associated with credit expansion, and the gradual recovery of industry's blood-breeding capacity.
The main variety sales support the plate, with 16m5 sales starting to rise at the same time and 17q1 increasing faster than the same time, for example, the main industrial machines, car cranes, bulldozers, crushers. However, a quarter of the year is held for capital construction and housing, during which the demand for engineering machinery generally accounts for 30 to 40 per cent of the total demand for the year.
The high quarterly rate of growth has largely provided a better basis for industry-wide growth. Figure 14: Changes in the volume of excavator sales: Figure 14:05-17m5 Changes in the volume of vehicle crane sales: Figure 15:09-17m5
The real estate industry is the main driver of the demand for engineering machinery, but its importance is declining.
In the management-driven de-stocking process, real estate investment rebounded in 15-16 years as stocks were de-emerged and demand increased, but since 16 years, the fast-growing housing prices in priority cities led to a further tightening of the policy of restrictive lending, which once again constituted a disincentive to real estate investment, which we believe to be real estate as the infrastructure, extractive and other industries recovered.
For the first time, data on new start-ups in real estate and the rate of increase in excavator sales have deviated. According to historical data, the volume of real estate construction has increased rapidly since the second half of the year, and the volume of excavator sales has continued to increase rapidly after a small decline in the volume of work in real estate since the second half of the year.
Capital investment is expected to match real estate as a new engine to boost the demand for engineering machinery. During the 16-17m4 period, the national capital investment was consistently 15% + higher than the national capital investment rate, especially since 17 years of q1.
By 23.5%, and with the same high rate of capital investment at the same time as the sales of excavators, we believe that the city’s demand for engineering machinery, represented by excavators, has gradually shifted from real estate to infrastructure. There is still much room for capital investment.
The economic zone strategy of the Pearl River Delta, with the creation of the Yu Anjin region, promotes a new form of urbanization that is dominated by urban clusters; Creates beautiful villages and builds new ones. The country’s huge demand for investment in infrastructure, such as railways, roads, airports, port lanes, water, tunnels, environmental protection, etc., will open up opportunities for development in the engineering and machinery industry.
Active fiscal policy, high growth in infrastructure development, accelerated landing of the ppp project; the country’s infrastructure and livelihood sectors, the urgent need to upgrade the industry, and considerable scope for capital investment. The ppp project continues to grow, most of which is implemented in capital projects, and builds capital needs.
The number of NIP projects in the inventory amounted to 1,3132, with a total investment of 15,84 trillion yuan for the year as a whole, which was close to the same period in 16 years in the first five months of 17 years, in terms of new investments; the number of ppp projects in the field of project delivery (more than 75 per cent of the total number of ppp projects in the capital sector); and the amount of investment in the region of the launch, in the west and central part of the country.
The number of projects is significantly higher than in the eastern part of the country, mainly because of the weak capital areas in the western and central parts of the country, where the concentration of the population in the eastern part of the country is more pronounced. In general, the ppp model slows down the financing of capital construction and provides strong support for the construction of the country, especially in areas where infrastructure is less well developed.
The rise in commodity prices has stimulated demand for engineering machinery. With supply-side off-productivity and economic stability, the commodity prices of steel, color, coal, etc. have recovered rapidly in the fourth quarter of 16 years, generating profits for the firms concerned.
Improvements and investment recovery, and a gradual recovery in future start-up rates, are likely to lead to a recovery in demand for engineering machinery. The peak stock of equipment sold in 08-11 will enter a centralized replacement period in 17-18.
A new peak period. Measuring excavators as the main indicator, the demand for replacement now accounts for 50 per cent of total demand, which will provide an effective space for the market for new machines, while at the same time playing a positive role in stimulating market demand.
Figure 25: National holdings of engineering machinery (millions)
Enforcement, on the one hand, would accelerate the withdrawal of existing national ii standards; on the other hand, the market for two mobile phones for the diversion of new machines would be severely suppressed. We therefore believe that the implementation of national iii standards would also give a strong impetus to the replacement of engineering machinery at the 3.4 end of supply: the competitiveness of national product plate engineering machinery has been significantly enhanced, and the de-productization of capacity has been effective.
Domestic engineering and machinery companies, represented by excavators, have become the mainstream market. Among the major types of engineering machines, our companies have largely completed the import of concrete equipment, bulldozers, crushers, stand-down machines, etc. They are now significantly more competitive in the market, even in excavators that previously did not have the advantage.
The market for autonomous excavators, represented by Xu, has grown rapidly and now accounts for 50 per cent of the sales of the domestic excavator market, of which 31, 19.9 per cent and 7.50 per cent of the municipalities are the first and three of the 16-year distribution of the domestic excavator market, thus increasing the elastic impact of market demand fluctuations on the performance of domestic engineering and mechanical enterprises.
The data show that the excess capacity of the engineering and machinery industry is gradually being reduced. The excess capacity has been one of the main problems that plagued the engineering and machinery industry in the country.
There has been a continuous decline in the number of employees of enterprises since 11 years, and the current number of employees in the early stages of the industrial cycle, which is close to 08, indicates an improvement in the excess capacity of major enterprises in the industry; on the other hand, the rate of data growth has been consistently low in terms of construction work and the consolidation of net assets of small firms, with some firms already in the business sector over the past 5-6 years.
The expansion of the financial, real estate, military and other specialized equipment sectors, we believe, is in the process of shrinking the production capacity of the engineering and machinery owners.
4.1 The contribution of the company's mining machinery to the performance of the company continues to increase. More than 80% of concrete machinery, excavating machinery, lifting machinery contribution, etc. Concrete machinery, excavating machinery, and lifting machinery contribute more than three times to the company's revenue, which in recent years has accounted for 80-90% of the total collection.
Over the 11-16 years, the share of companies in mining machinery has increased, reaching 32.09% of the company’s total revenue; and the contribution of Maori is even more significant.
To be significant, excavators contribute 39.7 per cent of the total Māori, which is higher than 33.4 per cent of concrete machinery, corresponding to a strong market share for 4.23-1 excavators, which has a strong trend towards product structural optimization, and a strong market niche for the Excavators.
In January-May, 17 years, with 14438 absolute advantages, the country was ranked first in sales, and together with Catpil (United States of America) and Xu, the country’s digger sales made up a significant market share advantage. Big excavations continued to grow at a faster pace, showing that firms were more competitive and faster in terms of large and medium-sized products during the recovery phase of the industry.
Based on the company ' s product pricing criteria, the price of large and medium excavators is typically 9-2 times that of small excavators, and the Māori rate is similar to that of large > medium > small, so the ratio of large and medium excavators to upgrading is more significant for the improvement of the company ' s product structure.
4.3 Large, medium-digging product lines are gradually being filled, and the structure of the product is gradually moving towards the international excavator's giant, which is much smaller than Carter and Matsu. Compared to the company's product structure and the international excavator's giants, Catpil, Little Pine, we find that 17m1-5 has a much higher share of small digging than Carter Pil and Matsu, which is particularly large.
From a product model analysis, the company’s small digging lines are relatively complete, covering essentially 0.6-13 tons, but the large digging lines are missing, compared to Carter and Matsunaga, even with the new production of Sy395h and 750h in April this year.
The structure of the product is gradually closer to the international diggers’ giants, and the company’s profitability is expected to go further with the large digs. Given the strong pull-in effect of large-scale and medium-digging products, the company is now improving the structure of the product, especially the first-line excavators.
There is much room for the giants to approach. So far, the company has gradually improved the line of the Chinese product, and in the first half of this year it expanded the product from the original five to seven, and we believe that the company’s profitability is expected to increase further in the future as the line of the dig is gradually being prepared and scaled up.
4.4 More than a dozen forward-looking technologies have been put into use, three diggers have insisted on the path of technological success, research and development inputs have been in the forefront of the industry, and many forward technologies have been put into use. Companies have been firmly on the path of technology development, and spending on research and development has remained stable at 3 to 5 per cent of revenue over a long period of time, at the top of the industry; by the end of 16, companies had accumulated claims.
In the excavator business, companies have applied forward-looking technologies that demonstrate the firm’s strong power in technology research and development, while also competing for the company’s future technology competition in the global excavator industry:
Domcs control technology: Triple-carried excavators are using the Positive Flows system and Trinity Autonomously developed Domcs Dynamic Smart Matching Control System, which is more efficient than competitive brands, 8% more efficient, oil excavators remote control technology: companies have successfully developed excavators with remote remote stereo visual systems, industry head
The same visual effect as the original cab is achieved through two-eyed 3d, 360-degree panoramic images, audio wireless transmissions, along with the system, which will effectively reduce the toxic and dangerous environmental hazards to the operators of the excavators. The sy215 remote excavator has been delivered to the Carabineros traffic unit for use, participating in Sichuan Siangyang in September of 16th year.
Excavator Unapplied Precision Construction Technology: Obtaining the shovel position coordinates through gps satellite positioning, leading the excavation or styling work according to the 3d design of the pre-import excavator. The excavator can move at will within the site.
Digging, automating operations free of excavation directions and gestures; application of rtk technology to excavators, real centimetre-level positioning accuracy: closed loop control based on attitude information and load pressure, precision in the position of the teeth Excavator oils and electro-wetting technology: company ' s introduction of oil and humid products concentrated in mixed power, engine power optimization
Various energy-saving technologies, such as control, electronic control of positive flow systems, and light quantification of working devices, can effectively reduce energy consumption and achieve energy recovery. It is understood that the product is well coordinated and safe, with more than 30% energy savings and 25% efficiency gains from traditional excavators.
From “China Three Ones” to “Global Three Ones”, the company has long been on the path of internationalization and is now one of the most international enterprises in the engineering and machinery industry and one of the important business cards for our high-end equipment exports.
There is growing international recognition and response that, with the development of infrastructure projects in countries along the line, the corporate global expansion path 5.1 has greater potential for economic growth along the “one-way” path, consistent with the current global economic development trend and broadly supported by the international community.
During his visit to Central and South-East Asian countries, President Jinping launched for the first time a major “one-way” initiative covering the two main directions of the Silk Road Economic Belt Strategy and the Maritime Silk Road Economic Belt Strategy for the 21st Century, which is consistent with the overall trend towards economic integration in the Eurasian continent and with the main objectives of industrial development and structural adjustment in the countries along the route.
By 2030, the world is expected to have an additional US$57 trillion in capital investment. The "One Way" program directly covers 26 countries and areas, covering 4.4 billion people (63% of the global population).
15 years of coverage, gdp 21 trillion (29%) of the world. A few countries and areas along the road are generally severely constrained by financial constraints, a significant proportion of them are under-expended by capital investment, infrastructure, and indicators such as road mileage per capita, rail mileage per capita, etc. are far lower than in the country; at the same time, the western part of the country is along the way.
Railways, roads, and highways are also far behind the national average, and infrastructure investment space is huge. According to the World Bank, developing countries currently invest about $1 trillion in capital every year, more than trillion in economic growth (State Council Development Research Centre data).
Figure 42: "One way" covers the vast market, 5.2 runs of capital output, promising to boost the performance of equipment manufacturing enterprises, and the plan has been actively and efficiently implemented by countries along the country's front line, with 16 years of new offers.
In 16 years, our exports and imports from countries along the “one-way” route totalled $6.3 trillion, an increase of 0.6 per cent. The number of new contracts between countries along the “one-way” route totalled $126.03 billion, or 52 per cent of the amount of new contracts signed during the same period; and the amount of the contract concluded during the same period was the same.
The bulk of the contracts signed are for major exports of capital projects, which will lead to the export of machinery and equipment, and are expected to create greater elasticity in the firms concerned. Given the current situation, the country’s railways, industrial parks, ports, energy, etc. are gradually being covered by a strategy along the way.
In the direction of construction, which, after decades of rapid development, has accumulated a wealth of construction experience, technical conditions and equipment capacity in the above-mentioned areas, we believe that, in the course of the implementation of the “one-way” strategy, the space available for the export of our machinery and equipment will bring greater size and elasticity to the enterprises concerned.
5.3 The global profile of the company, which has a better overseas manufacturing base and a better distribution network than that of a horse, is well aligned with the strategy of the region. The company is one of the first engineering and mechanical enterprises in the country to expand globally, through continuous overseas investment and mergers and acquisitions.
There are over 5,000 overseas employees, overseas R & D manufacturing bases in India, the United States, Germany, and seven overseas marketing regions and member companies, including Asia and the Pacific, Latin America, South Africa, North Africa, Central Asia, the Middle East and Russia.
Figure 44: Highlights of the global expansion of companies.
Dhu, in six central cities, concrete equipment taps-de, branch companies, service networks.
The site covers India as a whole, and was created in 2011 in Germany by the United States of America.
European R & D Center and Machine Manufacturing Base, 31 1st Excavation
Figure 45: Global manufacturing base distribution of companies The company ' s overseas revenues in 16 years amounted to $9,286 million, representing a 40 per cent share of total revenue, which is significantly higher than the domestic level of the industry.
Seventy percent of them come from regions along the way. Thanks to forward-looking overseas strategies and well-developed overseas deployments, companies outpace major competitors in the industry, 70 percent of which come from areas along the way, making them absolute leaders in the export of our engineering machinery abroad.
Figure 46: 08-16 Foreign earnings of major engineering and machinery enterprises in the country as a percentage of total revenues (%) Corporate performance is strongly supported by strong and volatile overseas earnings. Dismantling of corporate revenues into domestic revenue and overseas income analysis shows that the domestic revenue component continued during the 11-15 industry downturn.
A rapid decline; while some of the overseas sectors are characterized by market fragmentation, size, rigidity, and low volatility, particularly as they provide strong support for corporate performance during the overall downward phase of the domestic industry landscape. 5.4 By the eastward winds, regional markets have developed rapidly.
The company’s overseas markets have been laid out for years, and it has gradually reached the harvest period. The company has been farming in overseas markets for many years, and the pull effect on performance has been apparent. The domestic engineering and machinery industry has remained low for 15 years, yet in Asia and the Pacific, India, January-November, the company’s annual harvest in Russia, the United States, Central Asia, India, South Africa has increased at a rate of 115 per cent, 91 per cent,
50%, 42%, 23%. With the exception of the second largest region in Central Asia, the largest share of domestic engineering and mechanical firms is in overseas cities in all regions. In the first quarter of 17 years, with further planned implementation along the way, the company’s overseas revenues were more prominent, with the group’s overseas sales increasing by 30% compared to the same year, while sales in the 10 regions of the country grew by 90% compared to the same year, including the Russian Federation.
Behind the company's high-profile offshore market is the group's forward-looking configuration of overseas markets from the top to the bottom, sustained investment in: and a series of good practices for in-depth research and targeted product design, after-sales services, localized production sales and so on in local markets, where we can see the great importance that corporate management attaches to overseas strategies and sound security.
Lines. In a strategic opportunity along the way, the company, as a representative of the engineering and machinery industry and even one of our high-end equipment, will certainly be able to achieve even greater success and complete the historic transformation of the “China Trinity” to “Global Trinity” step by step:
Europe – In 2016, the performance of Trinity European companies increased significantly, with the sale of excavators increasing by 227% from 2015. In 2006, the German office was established: in 2011, the Trinity Bedburg estate, which had invested 100 million euros, was officially operational: after the acquisition of the global concrete dragon leader, Putsmeister, in 2012, three and one.
Europe has also adapted its operations in due course, from concrete machinery to mobile port equipment, excavators, stumps, and stumps. In 2015, with excavators as the main weapon of attack in Europe, after a rigorous European Union product security certification, the München Boma exhibition led to the launch of 12 pieces targeting the depth of the European market.
Three are now 24 powerful agents in Europe, and in 2016 alone, 12 new European agents signed an agency agreement with Trinity. As a result of the depth of the initiative, Europe has opened up new development opportunities, starting in 2013, “16+1.”
China’s model of cooperation with Central and Eastern Europe has gradually fallen, and a large number of Chinese-funded projects have begun to flourish in the markets of Central and Eastern Europe and Turkey. America – The United States of America, founded in 2006 after 11 years of steady growth, now has 40,000 square metres of production in the United States, and has developed mature R & D systems and distribution networks.
U.S. market exports rose by 103.7% in the same year, with the U.S. has the highest market share of domestic brands. The U.S. has developed rapidly to benefit from its localized development strategy of demanding high quality, zero failure, service improvement, etc. for North American clients. The U.S. has placed service and customer satisfaction first, improving service quality and continuously improving the spare parts system.
Excavators, for example, are the most popular product series in the United States, where the United States has raised the quality of the original North American excavators to 5,000 hours, far above the standards of other excavators, and launched a three-year financing promotion with good market results. This Trump administration has been active in fiscal and infrastructure development.
In March 2017, the US Congress submitted over trillion dollars in infrastructure-building plans, over-election commitments of $550 billion, and a major strategic development opportunity for the North American market in the US. India-India’s rapid economic growth in recent years, a large population, and a relatively poor infrastructure is China’s business.
In India, 31 has been in the market for 16 years since 2002, and has opened up the situation. In 2016, 31 Indian sales reached nearly 1 billion yuan. In the first quarter of 17 years, sales amounted to nearly 400 million yuan, a 90 per cent increase.
In Bangladesh, Nepal, Bhutan, Sri Lanka, and Maldives, five countries were slightly exposed to radiation. In India, more than 40 equipment, less than 5 per cent of the new equipment that entered Bangladesh in the first place, grew to 400, and the new market was the largest: the Maldives was a newly developed international market in India, operating for many years.
The market has gained full recognition that, to date, more than 100 Tri-One equipments have been involved in the construction of the Maldives airport, roads, bridges, and ports. Thanks to their position and strength, Tri-One's technology, experience, and superior capacity have been perfectly combined with “Indian manufacturing,” and the Tri-India tentacles have extended to the Middle East, Africa, and more than 20 products have been sold.
In terms of localization, the equipment products sold in India are also largely home-grown, and 30 agents have been built to cover the entire territory of India, exporting products to neighbouring countries, Africa, etc. In the future, India will also expand its operations by adding tower cranes, mine trucks, and pc kits.
By the end of 2016, Trinity had nearly 7,000 equipment holdings in the region. Among them, there were several key markets in Thailand, Indonesia, Myanmar, Viet Nam, and Singapore.
In China, the largest share of the market for a variety of products, such as concrete machinery, cranes, etc., is well advanced. Three or more are involved in major local projects.
In keeping with the general trend of “military participation” and the strong movement into the military-industrial sector, the company has achieved two years of military-industrial entry, and has gradually moved into the military-industrial sector since 15 years ago, mainly through a fully-owned Trinity platform, which has now been jointly developed with the National Defense Science and Technology Agency.
This month, the Department of Defense Science and Technology obtained a licence for the production of weapons and equipment research. The company is actively transforming its military-industrial operations, in keeping with the current trend of civilian participation in our military-industrial industry, and is expected to bring greater elasticity to its military-industrial operations in the future at this stage of the country’s development of equipment.
6.1 The conditions are in place for civilian participation in the development of fast-track policies, and the civilian participation in military enterprises is growing rapidly. The “civil participation” is private business/private capital, or State capital, which is dominated by civilian goods, enters the military-industrial industry.
In March of that year, more than 1,000 private enterprises were licensed to produce weapons and equipment for scientific and research purposes, an increase of 127 per cent over the end of the Eleventh Five-Year Plan, and in 2010 only 700 civilian enterprises joined the military.
Table 3: The design of the systems “Civil Forces” is both realistic and urgent. We believe that the need for civilian participation is reflected in the fact that, on the one hand, global military equipment has entered the age of technological competition, and the huge cost of high-tech equipment development is beyond the reach of the country.
Independently engaged in the development of some high-tech equipment, with the use of existing research and development platforms and technological reserves available in private enterprises, is a realistic option; on the other hand, in some areas, the boundaries between the military and civilian industries have become blurred, the traditional weapons-based research and production systems centred on military-industrial groups are changing, and civilian science and technology are extending to the military at an unprecedented rate.
My national battalion has a fast-growing economy, which already provides the basis for progress in the military-industrial field. There are now over 80,000 high-technology companies in the country, more than 1,500 of which are worth more than a billion dollars, and some of them have acquired or exceeded military-industrial skills in new materials, electronics, information, etc., and are currently engaged in equipment research and development.
Less than 1%. As a result of the policy of civil-military integration, we believe that more and more private enterprises will be involved in the military-industrial chain, increasing the efficiency of research and development in the old military-industrial system, reducing the cost of manufacturing research and development, forcing them to reform, and expanding new businesses and opening new markets for private-sector enterprises themselves, leading to mutually reinforcing win-win situations.
The first three pieces of equipment have been developed for the first time at the 11th Pearl Sea Fair. The company is now in the military industry, based on Project 512, which was disclosed at the beginning of the 17th year. According to the announcement, the company is going to invest $650 million to implement the project.
The main military-industrial equipment developed included: the light high-mobile mine-protected armoured vehicles project, the intelligent special security platform project, the dual-use retention project to meet defence and dual-use needs.
Seaborne exhibition, the first ever professional defence exhibition hosted by my country by the Forces nouvelles, as a “civil component”, shows the company's high level of confidence in technology and products and opens the way for further entry into the domestic/international market in the future.
Main applications Light, high-mobility defence, mainly in response to field operations, urban operations and
Mine armoured vehicles are asymmetrically operational, highly mobile and protective (mine-proof, bullet-proof) features, capable of breaking through.
Intelligent S.S.S.A., a series of autonomous, remote and accompanying ways.
The barrier platform is equipped to carry out tasks such as breaking, clearing, uprooting, reconnaissance and rescue while on the battlefield.
The table is divided into excavating, dragging, pushing, trans-shipment, following, lifting, receiving, etc.
As a battlefield reconnaissance, coastal surveillance, emergency communications, forest fire protection, ground abnormality, a kilogram load up to 1,000 meters high, air-resistant.
In cooperation with the military-industrial giants, the company’s prospects for development in the military-industrial sector are assured. The defense technology that has been signed with the company to develop unequipped links is an important base for technical research in the military-industrial field in our country, known as “Cinghua”; and the Paulie Defense Group, a joint venture with the company to set up an equipment company, is part of our national army for the export of military-industrial equipment.
The Space Industries Group, which has a strategic partnership, is part of the country's space industry. Thus, in the field of “civil participation”, the company is working with existing military and engineering companies to develop or support production routes and obtain the benefits of these scientific and technological institutions, on the one hand, for the recognition of the company's technical capabilities and production levels, and, on the other hand, for the company itself.
Engineering and machinery industries have significant technological advantages in reloading chassiss, hydraulic fluids, mechanical motor designs, and are often larger than scalding and streamlining production.
Most of the technology associated with the development and manufacture of military armoured vehicles has the natural advantage of transitioning to the military-industrial field. Indeed, there are early precedents for the entry of engineering machines into the military-industrial field, and international engineering machines such as Japan’s giant Xiao Matsu, Dooyama and others have successfully entered the international military-industrial market with light armoured vehicle products; and in the case of domestic engineering-machinery enterprises, Xuhu, Yamato, China.
The joint unit, the Willows, the thugs, etc. have all provided the relevant products to the military, fire, aerospace and other industries and sectors. However, most of these products are mature engineering and machinery products of the company or have been lightly customized in accordance with the military ' s demands, and there is little precedent for the company ' s cooperation with military industries in the development of new equipment based on the military ' s operational needs, so we have basically no precedent.
The company, as a pioneer in the expansion of its domestic engineering and machinery enterprise into the military industry, has a reason to enjoy a higher secondary market. Figure 49: Japanese light armoured vehicle Kozong Lav2x2. Figure 50: Korean infantry combat vehicle Doosan K21
6.3 The fire truck market is synchronous, with a high starting point, a 16-year-old company with a large space company that is qualified to produce fire trucks, has now launched two products and is still in the process of research and development. The company began developing fire truck products in 15 years, and its fully-owned subsidiary, Trinity Motors Limited, acquired fire protection in April 1616.
The company, as the world's absolute leader in concrete equipment, has the leading concrete pump vehicle folding arm, racking technology, and pumping technology to develop high-fire vehicles through technological innovation. The company uses high-fire vehicles, using folding arms, to move in any position, to cross barriers, to maximize end-of-end jet points close to the source of fire, point-of-speech, maximum-speech, etc.
Efficient and rapid fire-fighting and import substitution. The company is currently developing a series of multi-species fire-fighting equipment, using high-fire vehicles as a gateway to the company’s current 48-metre high-fire vehicle, to develop the same type of 56-metre, 66-metre-scaling product.
At the same time, based on currently available technology for research and development of military-industrial equipment, the company has developed a fire-fighting vehicle, the first of which was under the sand in June this year, which is highly mobile, high-protective, unmanned, mainly in response to major urban fires, factory fires, car fires, which can clear off barriers to other fire-fighting vehicles and go deep into the fire field.
The product is also equipped with an intelligent operating system that allows remote remote control to travel into a dangerous fireplace, detects the interior of the fire site, transmits information on the fireyard in a timely manner, and carries out remote fire suppression. Most of the domestic fire truck businesses are dominated by medium- and low-end products.
The process of main retrofitting, joint venture production to independent R & D has led to an increase in the capacity of domestic manufacturers and a significant increase in the level of technology and production, but the performance and reliability of key components such as high power engines and extractors, water pumps, etc., manufactured on dedicated chassis compared to the global fire engine taps such as Schmitz, Finnish waves, Hausko, Japan
At present, there are more than 30 fire trucks in the country, producing about 4,000 vehicles a year. The main products are classified as conventional fire trucks and special fire trucks. The conventional fire trucks consist mainly of less value-added foam fire trucks, water tankers, dry powder fire trucks, etc., of which water tankers account for more than 60% of total production: special fire trucks are mainly of high class, cloud ladders, etc.
The price of a conventional fire truck usually does not exceed 500,000 yuan per unit, while the special fire truck can reach 1.6 to 3 million yuan per unit, which is about three to six times the price of a conventional fire truck.
There is a gap of about 44,000 vehicles in the country, corresponding to the market size of about 44 billion yuan and the average annual market of 6-7 billion yuan for 18-20 years. Only a few manufacturers currently have the capacity to produce special fire trucks, such as high class, cloud ladders, and companies start up with high-grade fire trucks, with a higher start, with many years of engineering and machine production experience.
We believe that the engineering and machinery industry as a whole is in a recovery cycle, and that the strategy along the way will open up the country’s engineering and machinery industry, and that the company, as the absolute leader of our engineering and machinery industry, will be expected to benefit first and foremost from the recovery of the industry, in particular.
The company’s advantage, the excavator business, is likely to rebound beyond expectations, and we believe that the company’s new military-industrial business is equally flexible and will contribute to a larger increase in performance in 18-20. In terms of valuation, the company’s dynamic market surplus is 32 times higher, and it is in comparison with the value of the engineering and machinery industry that we have selected.
Low levels, well below the average of 45.4 times the selected target. Corporate valuation overall has an advantage, is biased from the current company's industry position and is expected to return further to the industry valuation hub in the future. Overall, sustaining corporate “recommended” ratings The growth rate of real estate and capital investment has declined significantly, the growth of overseas markets has been lower than expected, and the expansion of new business has been lower than expected.
In this rating system, the “market index” refers to a depth of 300 indexes. In the risk preference rating, products that do not refer to a specific range of recommendations and ratings are given a base risk rating according to the market studied by the product.
A study with a general risk rating; a study on markets such as bonds, bond-based funds, monetary funds and macroeconomic policies, with a low risk rating.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.