The engineering and machinery industry began to recover strongly in the second half of 2016. Excavators from January-May of this year.
Sales continued to grow at a high rate of 66,000, a 100 per cent increase over the same period. Considering that there is enough down-stream work ahead of the target, we believe that the main logic for this round of engineering machinery recovery is the upgrading of the stock of equipment triggered by the increase in the process, compared to the manufacturers and downstream purchasers.
The company is the leader of the domestic engineering machinery, with concrete machinery and excavation machinery as the country’s number one, and the crane as the country’s top three, which will clearly benefit from the recovery of the industry. And, given that the engineering machine industry has been in the process of restructuring over the past few years, the concentration of the industry has increased further, and the company dredgers market has become more popular.
The gross equity/flow (millions of shares) ratio is constantly rising, with a high degree of upward elasticity in performance. The journey has brought new growth space in engineering machinery, and new operations such as military engineering have contributed to diversification:
The country ' s infrastructure needs are high along the 12 months ' maximum/minimum margin, with domestic engineering and machinery manufacturers benefiting fully. Companies have accelerated their deployment by serving domestic firms in overseas projects and setting up overseas industrial parks.
In 2016, the company’s overseas revenues amounted to $9,285 million, or 40% of the total, and other companies in the leading industry will continue to benefit from the new growth space that the company has created along its way. The company’s military-industrial operations have been heavily deployed, and the National Defense Science and Technology University, Polytechnics, China and China are already engaged in.
In addition, in 2016, the company set up the 30th resident worker in Kunshan and planned to invest $6 billion in five years to build an annual capacity of more than 10 million square metres of building space. The company has now completed its work on concrete.
Prefabricated equipment and products, transport equipment, crane equipment, etc. Profit forecast and investment proposal: $. Considering the company's value premium as a industry leader, the first cover was given to “buy-in”
The company was founded in 1994 by the Trinity Group, which landed in 2003 and became the first listed company to complete a change in equity. The company is a leading company in the country for engineering machinery, and its products include concrete machinery, excavator machinery, crane machinery, stumps, etc.
Crafts, road-building machines, which include pumps, pumps, excavators, cranes, dredging rigs, road rigs, etc.
For example, in March 2016, the company launched a stock-holding scheme (which completed stock purchases in September 2016), a stock options and restricted stock incentive scheme (which was registered in 2017), and a company, which was launched in October 2016.
The firm became the world’s largest concrete machine in 2008 ... and acquired the world’s first brand of concrete machinery in 2012 – Putsmeister, Germany, which changed the global competition for concrete machinery. Since the company’s listing, concrete machinery has been public.
In 2016, company excavators contributed 2,422 million dollars, surpassing condensation for the first time.
Rs. 9,377 million and 746 million, respectively, increased by 79.38 per cent and 727.06 per cent, respectively, and are expected to continue with high growth throughout the year.2 The bottom of the engineering and machinery industry is recovering, with stock renewal mainly due to the bottom of the industry recovery, and sales have continued to outpace expectations since the second half of last year
The first stage, from 2006 to 2011, was a period in which domestic capital investment grew at a constant rate of more than 20% per year and the excavator grew at a high rate. In the wake of the financial crisis of 08, the government launched a “4 trillion” stimulus plan, which boosted the new boom in real estate and infrastructure.
It rose to more than 30%, reaching an all-time high of 178,000 excavators in 2011. The second phase, from 2011 to 2015, was the beginning of a new round of macroeconomic regulation in the country, with capital and real estate cooling, fixed-assembly investment falling year after year, and the excavator industry went into a five-year low. By 2015, the excavator stock was 56,000 units sold year after year, down from its peak in 2011.
Since the second half of 2016, there has been a year-on-year increase in the volume of excavators, with sales returning to 70,000 throughout the year, and industry starting with a small uncomplicated excavator starting hours as a first step in measuring downstream start-ups. After two years of decline in 2014 and 2015, the average number of hours opened was 119.2 hours in January-May of the small year (spring factors influenced by an average of less than last year), a 6.5 per cent increase in the same year.
No, but there are signs of recovery. Growth began in July, with an accelerated pace, with four consecutive months of year-on-year growth of more than 70% after September. In 2017, excavator sales continued to grow at a 16-year high, with 66,000 cumulative sales in the first five months, close to a 100% increase in total sales last year.
In addition to excavators, other types of engineering machinery have been growing steadily since the second half of the year, and the recovery has generally taken place at a time lag of less than that of excavators. According to the most recent data for the first half of the year, the loaders have accumulated an increase of 35.32 per cent in January-May and the forklifts in January-April.
2.2 Downstream heating of demand, stimulating inventory equipment upgrading (1) Three main requirements for heating downstream of excavators Different types of engineering machinery, with greater variation in downstream applications. For excavators, real estate, infrastructure and coal mines form the three main components
The industrial recovery has significantly benefited from the increased demand contribution of excavators, which can be divided into small digs (0-13t), medium digs (13-30t) and large excavators (over 30t) by tonnage.
In recent years, the share of the market has continued to rise as small digs have been less affected by macro-property projects, large-scale infrastructure projects, etc. The share of large-scale excavations has declined, and the share of large-scale excavations has been equalled, with overall sales following the industry.
First, the sale of real estate on the 3rd and 4th line of the city is over-expected. Under the influence of the stock-taking policy, the sale of goods started to rise gradually from 15 years ago, and became more intense after 16 years, with sales increasing by more than 20% year-on-year. The boom in the sale of goods led to a rapid recovery in real estate investment, with a negative increase in the size of new construction starting at the end of 16th year, except for the data for September 15th and 16th years.
In addition to the anomaly, the overall growth rate fluctuated from 10% to 10%. Starting in October of 16 years, cities introduced a series of restrictive lending policies to curb the rapid rise in housing prices. The overall increase in sales fell, but sales continued to outpace expectations in the three or four-line cities around the ring.
Second, the ppp has injected energy into the infrastructure, which will continue to grow at a high rate. According to national plans such as the Medium- and Long-Term Railway Network Plan, the three-year Action Plan for the Construction of Major Infrastructures in Transport, which focuses on the construction of transport-based infrastructure projects, such as railways, roads and urban orbital transport, in 2016, capital needs have remained high, growing by 15.71 per cent throughout the year.
As of March 2017, there were 1,228.7 million projects in the library, amounting to 14,57 trillion, of which 287 trillion were in the implementation phase, with 34.50 per cent of the total. Transport, municipal engineering and sector development were the largest three types of projects, accounting for 67.50 per cent of the total investment.
We believe that capital investment will continue to grow at a high rate between 2017 and 2018, and that it will be a downstream engineering machine. Third, the coal mine industry will improve its profits and start work. At the beginning of 2016, the domestic steel, coal, etc., will start growing supply side by side.
Figure 19: Powered coal (q5500, Qin Island) prices (in yuan/tons) (2) The increase in the volume of work has stimulated the need for renewal
The average life expectancy of excavators is currently between 1.2 and 15,000 hours, assuming 120 hours per month (122 hours per month in 2016), with an updating cycle of approximately 8 to 10 years. According to IAEM sales data, the number of updates per year will exceed 100,000.
In fact, starting in July, the sales of excavators grew rapidly and reached a peak of 178,000 in 11 years, and, by the same token, it is assumed that the demand for 17 years of renewal will reach 90,000 and more than 100,000 in 18 years. We believe that the recovery in this round of engineering machinery will be driven by a demand for renewals triggered by an increase in the volume of work.
In 2012-2015, a large backlog of second-phone equipment has been accumulated by manufacturers and channels as a result of inadequate downstream engineering. According to our recent research, the new sales of this dredger have been accompanied by a high increase in sales, the market has been cleared, and basically the backlog of second-phones in manufacturers and conduits has been disposed of, opening up space for subsequent new machine sales.
In 2016, our enterprises opened up 8158 new contracts for outsourcing projects in 61 countries along the "one-way" route, with $126.03 billion in new contracts, mostly in emerging economies and developing countries.
This represents 51.6 per cent of our new contract for outsourcing work during the same period, an increase of 36 per cent over the same period; $759.7 billion for the same period; $797 million for the same period; 496 per cent for the same period; $17.773 billion for China ' s new contract for overseas electricity construction, an increase of 18.11 per cent over the same period; $18.61 billion for China ' s new contract for construction (both domestic and foreign), an increase of 22.5 per cent over the same period; and $73.802 billion for China ' s new contract for construction.
In general, construction firms have grown more rapidly in contracting overseas contracts. In the broader context of construction enterprises contracting out to sea for engineering projects, and working with production capacity in countries along the way, domestic engineering and mechanical equipment has grown each year.
The share has increased eightfold, and the absolute value of sales has also increased three to fourfold. From January to May 2017, the volume of excavator exports grew by about 17% in absolute terms, and far from that, the “one-way” would provide huge incremental space for domestic engineering and machinery enterprises.
3.1 The rise in market concentration and the company’s leadership highlight that, after several years of adjustment, competition patterns in the engineering and machinery industry have changed dramatically, with more prominent advantages and higher market concentration. In the excavator industry, for example, the industry reached an all-time high in 10-11 years, followed by a deep-seated industry from 2012-2015.
During the adjustment period, when major enterprises began to lay off their jobs and reduce their production capacity, the total number of industrial producers gradually decreased from 110 to more than 20, during which time the market share of the former major producers increased significantly.
In view of the change in brand shares, there has been a significant increase in the share of national product brands, from 26% in 2009 to 55% in January-May 2017. Companies, as leading players in national product brands, have been able to increase their share of the market from 6.5% in 2009 to 21.8% in January-May 2017, with a six-year-long lead market share, thanks to large pre- and post-sale service inputs and a sustained roll-out of viable products.
The three joint brands, Matsunaga, Shinji and Doosan, have generally fallen by more than 15%, with Caterpillar gaining access to the low- and medium-end markets with his high-end brands, increasing their share from 6% in 2009 to about 15% today. In 2010-2011, engineering and machinery manufacturers made a large amount of credit, even zero down payments, to expand their sales.
Sales, domestic real estate and capital investments began to decline 11 years later, the volume of engineering machinery going downstream fell sharply, and the issue of claims, which was common to manufacturers in another industry, in addition to the decline in new machine sales. Buyers of machines were unable to repay their payments on time due to a reduction in start-up work, which affected the gradual transfer of funds from agents to manufacturers and the rapid increase in the receivables of engineering and machinery manufacturers.
In 2016, the company improved its cash flow by disposing of part of the receivables in different ways. First, the sale of sub-receivables to the tri-group, including the tri-car manufacturing company part of the receivables, with a transfer price of 2,534 million (with a book value of 3,587 million)
The amount of $770 million (the book value of $1,091 million) was transferred from part of the vehicle crane. Second, accounts receivable abs were issued with an amount of $1,315 million for the first issue, the underlying assets being the receivables and subsidiary interests of Shanghai Trio, Trio and Trio, Ltd., and were fully subscribed to by the Trinity Group. In addition, the company sold fixed assets to the Trinity Group, including the transfer of deep assets.
On the other hand, an improvement in the overall market environment will also improve the company’s assets and operations. First, the sales of engineering machinery continue to explode, sales revenues and operating cash flows grow rapidly. Second, the down-stream work of engineering machinery returns and users have the ability to repay.
3.3 Industrialization of military engineering, construction and diversification of operations. In addition to maintaining the backbone of engineering and machinery, the company seeks to diversify its operations, while the military and residential industries
In addition, the company’s first-stage anchoring vehicle, which was developed on its own, was successfully delivered to China.
In March 2017, the company changed convertable company debt collection funds to invest in the “512” project for military workers, the main projects being the light high-mobile anti-mine armoured vehicle project, the smartest special security platform project, and the military-military engineering and engineering flagship, which benefited significantly from the industrial recovery.
The company's military-industrial operations take two paths: one, the domestic army, which has a relatively longer cycle: two, the overseas military trade, the joint venture formed with Pauly, which leads out through Paulie's channel, and the introduction of advanced military technology abroad, which may be efficient.
Even more. The company has not been involved in military-industrial operations for long, but has cooperated with heavyweight military companies such as the Paulie Group, the China-China Heavy Industry and others, and has developed a certain configuration in the development of military-industrial technology, which has amply demonstrated the strong strength of the company and its well-developed pre-period maturing, which is still in the process of being nurtured, and we will keep a close eye on its future development.
(ii) Residential industrialization: matching the construction needs of emerging market countries Residential industrialization refers to the construction of dwellings in the form of industrial production, which is a necessary requirement for less mechanized and rough production-side upgrading in order to increase labour productivity in residential production, improve the overall quality of housing, reduce costs and reduce costs.
As human costs rise, construction technologies become more mature and standardized, and environmental requirements become more stringent, residential industrialization will become a major trend in building development. Three groups acquired Mid-San and live in Residential Industries Ltd. in 2014 and entered the residential industrialization industry formally: then 2015
In 2016, the company set up the Kuenshan Trinity and planned to invest $6 billion in a five-year plan to build an annual capacity of more than 10 million square metres of industrial construction. To date, the company has completed prefabricated work on concrete.
In combination with the group’s real-estate development platform, which covers the entire chain of equipment and products, transport equipment, and crane equipment, Trinity has acquired the capacity to implement a holistic solution. In the context of the corporate “third entrepreneurship” globalization strategy, we believe that at present, compared to the domestic market, there are emerging markets abroad.
The emerging market countries (e.g. India) are in the midst of rapid urbanization, and with the growth of urban populations, the biggest demand of local governments for housing construction is the rapid pace at which basic needs are met.
The most important features of residential industrialization are standardization, batch quantification, and rapidization, which coincides with the needs of emerging market countries.
Industry research in the field is good at industrial chain research, especially in industrial automation. For more than six years in the financial sector, the representatives include Robot Trends, etc. Before entering the financial sector, they have eight years of business experience and have worked in areas such as engineering, machinery and automobiles, production technology, markets and strategies.
In June 2017, Pacific equities were brought together to explore investment opportunities through industry and corporate fundamentals.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.