After five years of restructuring in the engineering and machinery industry, a full-scale recovery in the second half of the 16th century, the cyclical restructuring has led to the emergence of a three-pronged effort against the national flagship of Carter Pyler.
In the future, we believe that the corporate environment has returned to benign competition, that domestic business is expected to grow steadily, and that the overseas layout will be gaining ground.
The company has the following points for investment: (1) an oligarchy of domestic engineering machinery, with bargaining power, is expected to maintain a high profile in 2017. Engineering machinery has recovered since the second half of last year, and sales of multiple products have increased at an all-time high in January-June this year.
Research, we believe that most end-users tend to be rational, and that the surge in sales at the beginning of the year will not add up to the full year’s demand. We also believe that the demand for engineering machinery in this round is more from capital and mining than from premises, that real estate is no longer a determining factor in the need for engineering machinery, and that the ppp project is driven by the ground.
In sum, we believe that engineering machinery in 2017 is expected to maintain a high profile. The world’s leading equipment-producing firms are being built around the world, with a steady drive in overseas markets.
The Division covers more than 150 countries and regions around the world, with more than 40 per cent of overseas business revenue in 2016, and by 2022, the corporate target will be $10 billion in overseas sales. Overseas industries, parks and distribution channels, with 80 per cent overlap with countries along the “one-way” route, are in industry.
Industry concentration rises, and the first three are the most worthwhile indicators of investment in the industry. Based on a judgement of industry’s continuity, we believe that industry’s top three and one are currently the best investment prices.
Value. The reasons are three: 1; the company is the most likely to become an oligarch in terms of its development potential; 2; the company's dredging and crane operations are the most beneficial from the point of view of the product; and the market price was collected on 2 August 2017.
Mechanical upturn cycles;3 corporate Maori rates recover first in the industry from a statement perspective, and there is the most room for up-turn restoration beyond the debt-servicing cycle and future profitability. Catalysts: 1; higher than expected sales of engineering machinery; 2; faster landing of ppp; 3, “along”
Trio: Deepening Civil-Military Integration to Create New Opportunities for Development
Yang Shaohui Historical valuation area: In the last five years, the net-market valuation area for three or one-size-fits-all workers shows that the current triple stock price is still at the bottom and there is a large upturn in the restoration space.
Conclusion: Corporate stock prices are still clearly undervalued, based on optimism about the industry's climate and its three fundamentals Figure 1. Full-text logical framework maps of real estate, infrastructure, cycles, three marginal changes or an over-expected engineering and mechanical landscape throughout the year
The industry is expected to outperform expectations, but why do you choose a three-by-one?
In January-June 2017, the volume of machinery sold by the engineering machinery grew at a new rate and the same rate doubled; the loader was 35.09 per cent; the crusher was 50.65 per cent; and the bulldozer was 162.57 per cent.
This January-June has seen an increase in the volume of engineering machinery sales that has not only exceeded market expectations, but has even surpassed expectations of many people in the industry. So, what will be analysed below, whether the super-high rate of growth comes from real demand or from an explosion of downstream customers?
The excavator took the lead in moving to a positive growth trajectory. Looking back at the increase in the volume of engineering machinery throughout 2016, it was found that, as early as February 16, the increase in the volume of excavators with “barometers” in the engineering machinery industry ended a decline of about two years and began to turn negative. By August last year, loaders, rollers, etc.
The rate of sales of other machines, such as bulldozers, has increased steadily.
Chart 6. The same rate of monthly sales of bulldozers continued to improve from May 2016, and in order to learn about the real downstream demand, we observed, through grass-roots research, the start-up rate and the start-up rate: starting in the second half of last year, the start-up rate for excavators in some parts of the country gradually increased to 50% left.
Right. During the peak period 2010 - 11, the start rate for excavators was close to 70%. (The start rate = 1 days of start-up hours: during the peak period 2010 - 11, the average number of hours per month for excavators was 260 - 280. During the low valley, the number of hours worked fell to less than 70 hours.) From the second half of 16, digging
The number of hours that the excavator started gradually rose, with the average number of hours that the excavator opened in April amounted to 154.4 hours, an increase of 13.61 per cent. The cumulative number of hours that began in January/April was 469.0, an increase of 9.22 per cent.
And the hours are back to normal. With the current mood of new users, we're trying to give readers a visual view of what they're doing through some of the distributor interviews in March.
In the case of Jiangsu, the operator of the excavator: the client structure, which accounts for 35% of the old client base; 2; the company ' s clientele, which exceeds 10%; 3 and 50% are individual households; and the operator of Jiangsu ' s crane: the client ' s ideas are mature and the workload can be secured over the next 2-3 years.
An excavator dealer in Hubei: Client buys equipment more rationally. This is demonstrated by the fact that the client has taken the initiative to increase the down payment rate (referring to more than 50%), with 25-30% of the total customer;2 Clients who purchase equipment, another indicator of their mood, is the release of two mobile phones.
Most of the purchases were for new machines, while the demand for two phones came from more individual households, so observing the sale of two phones could reflect some degree of individual demand. Jiangsu's excavator dealer: the recent increase of 5-10% for two phones, and last year's sales of two phones.
One of the excavators in the north of the lake: the second mobile phone is now well sold, and the engine is mainly small-scale. One of the concrete machinery dealers in the north of the lake: the pump is used primarily because the second-hand pumpers in the provinces of Naymon, Shandong, and East are travelling to the central and western parts of the country.
According to the dealer’s feedback, the current new business customers are not significantly leveraged, and most of them are able to protect themselves from a certain amount of workload, which seems more rational. But second-phone sales are hot, reflecting a sense of irrationality and wind in individual households.
The combination of two kinds of information, we believe, that the higher-than-expected growth in the volume of engineering machinery sales at the beginning of the year is more in the form of real demand, and that the industry as a whole has gone through a five-year adjustment period that has become rational.
Now that the growth is more demand-based, we can judge that the growth in sales of new machines at the beginning of the year has not gone far enough, more demand from the downstream real demand industry, and more demand from the engineering and machinery industry.
What demand has not been overstretched throughout the year to stimulate a recovery in the volume of machinery sold in this round? To go on to analyze where the demand for engineering machinery has come from since July of last year.
In the industrial analysis framework of machinery, demand can be divided into updates and additions, both of which are affected by the growth of investment in downstream industries. 1) Does this round of demand come from the upgrading of old equipment?
Real demand for domestic engineering machinery = sales of domestic engineering machinery products + imports - exports (1) Actual demand for domestic engineering machinery available under formula (1). Still represented by excavators, it can be seen that real demand for domestic excavators declined significantly after 2011 and fell to 7 in 2016
The product life is another core variable of the need for renewal, determined by the hours of work and the rate of start-up, for example, an excavator whose theoretical life is 10 years, but as mentioned above, it is based on a total of at least 15,000 hours of work hours. That is, the number of hours per month.
It takes more than 125 years for excavators to end up in 10 years, as engineering machines have gone through a 10-year cycle from a peak to a low valley, and the start of excavators is close to 125 hours a month. So we use 10 years as the end-of-life cycle for excavators, i.e.,
Update of the due period with actual demand 10 years ago, formula (2). In formula (2), the update of the in-country excavator = actual demand 10 years ago x update factor (2), we set an update factor of 0.7, as it is not possible to have all after the end of the excavator life.
Users update the equipment, and a certain number of people leave the market, and we estimate that the proportion of this population is based on formula (2), and we extrapolate the need for the redevelopment of some 49,000 excavators in 2016, which accounts for nearly 70 percent of the actual demand.
Summary: There are actually three variables that determine the need for renewal: one, historical actual demand; two, product lifetime; and three, update factor. The first two are determined and the third is dependent on downstream investment. So, while equipment upgrades do dominate the cycle, in the final analysis, the need for renewal
How much of this still depends on downstream investment. 2) What is the downstream industry’s investment in this upward cycle of engineering machinery sales? We try to answer this question from three dimensions.
First, the dimension of the increase in sales from different types of machines. The downstream demand for engineering machinery comes mainly from: (a) real estate (about 55%); (b) infrastructure construction (about 35%); (c) energy mining (about 10%).
There should be different downstream industries, so by monitoring the increase in sales of different types of machines, the investment needs of downstream industries can be judged to a certain extent.
Real estate: 13-30t load excavator (middle dig); concrete machinery; pillar machinery; capital construction: excavator (including large, medium and small digs); loader; concrete machinery; surface energy mining: loader over 30t; loader; pillar machinery;
Other industries (municipal works, farm water, etc.): 0-13t load-drilling hooks (small digs). Due to the fact that mid-dwelling mainly corresponds to real estate needs, big digs to energy extraction, small digs to farm water and municipalities, we judge the main demand for this round by analysing the increase in sales of three models of excavators.
Since the beginning of 2016, the excavator sales have resumed full-scale rebounding, with large-scale sales (over 30t loads) consistently ahead of the previous +52.9% in 2016; small-scale excavations (0-13t loads) followed by 23.5% in 2016; and medium-mining (13-30t).
As a result, the demand for this round, in terms of the rate of growth in the sale of machines, is more likely to come from mining, agricultural land, and major infrastructure, with a relatively small contribution from real estate.
Second, in terms of geographical dimensions, the fastest-growing distribution of excavators in 2016 is found in north-west China, south-west China (primarily Yungu), and east China. We have opened new real estate in all provinces and cities in 2016.
Three types of increases are summarized in the analysis of the increase in the area of work combined with the sales of excavators: (i) four mining provinces of Jiangxi, Inner Mongolia, Yunnan, Guizhou + 38 per cent-50 per cent; and more than 38 per cent in the three provinces of Inner Mongolia, Yunnan and Guizhou.
Rapidly, it reflects a significant boost in capital demand. But only 9.5% of the country’s three estates have the highest rate of growth in new construction, and even 17.6% of the country’s housing needs for engineering in the above-mentioned areas are not apparent.
(ii) Higher sales of excavators in Shanghai, Hubei, Anhui, Shaanxi and Hebei + 34 per cent ~ 41 per cent; the lowest rate of growth in new real estate construction in Lake North + 1.7 per cent per year; and the highest rate in Suzie + 13.1 per cent, where the demand for excavators should come mainly from municipal infrastructure rather than real estate.
(iii) Jiangsu’s excavator sales grew by 37% and the new real estate construction by 18%. Only Jiang Su, where the real estate sales of excavators increased more markedly, contributed significantly to the growth of engineering machinery in 2016 in terms of geographical dimensions.
In other provinces, such as Mon and Jiangxi, the demand for mining is a major stimulus to a significant increase in sales. Moreover, in the demand of both the East and North of China, municipal infrastructure contributes more than real estate.
The first two dimensions are quantitative analysis, and finally, we make a qualitative analysis and give a more intuitive judgement by communicating with dealers about downstream demand. Jiangsu, a diggers dealer: Jiangsu will invest in new projects of 100 billion grades this year, mainly in the field.
Iron, highway, high iron, and so on. Jiangsu, a crane dealer: a metro project, mainly in a two- or three-line city, with more than 20 stations in one line, creates equipment requirements for more than 100 cranes. The other one is wind power.
According to the dealer’s feedback, the capitalist needs are more consistent. Jiangsu is even in 2016.
New real estate has grown in the top provinces of the country, but distributors still do not consider real estate to be the main driver of engineering machinery requirements. (More restricted are dealers in Jiangsu, Hubei, and only partially representative of the needs of China’s East and China’s Central regions.)
In the light of the preceding conclusions, the demand for machinery for this round can be summarized as follows:
New leadership, capital- and extractive-led recovery cycles. Real estate contributions are better than in 2015, but not the main factor.
Given that engineering machinery is a cyclical industry and is highly sensitive to macroeconomic climate responses, downstream investment and economic cycles greatly influence the sustainability of high growth in the volume of engineering machinery sales. Let's conclude.
The current market concerns about engineering and machinery stem mainly from three factors, and this is the most important factor in the suppression of block valuations: real estate: the market's concerns about the rapid decline in real estate sales have increased following the two national policy restrictions on real estate, starting with the Shanghai “930” New Deal in 2016 and the Beijing “317” New Deal in 2017.
In the context of the economy’s downward cycle, capital investment is more of a bottom-up economy, and the marginal improvement in the volume of purchases of engineering machinery is less driven by increased investment.
3. Cycle: The current round of macroeconomic recovery stems from a new upward cycle of stocks. But from March 2016, the replenishment cycle has lasted for almost a year, and, in the absence of a clear improvement in demand, industrial enterprises are likely to enter a passive replenishment cycle, with production at risk of decline.
But we don't think there's much to worry about, but we'll try to explain why we think that engineering will continue to grow at a high rate in 2017, from a real estate perspective, from three angles: real estate, infrastructure, and cycle.
In the preceding section, we used a section on downstream demand for engineering machinery from infrastructure, mining, rather than real estate. On the basis of this conclusion, we can say that since the upward cycle of engineering machinery is less relevant to the pace of real estate investment, even if future real estate investment increases.
If, on the contrary, real-estate investment increases faster than expected, it will stimulate the demand for engineering machinery. Then analyse the possibility that real-estate investment increases faster than expected.
From January to March of this year, the market performance was strong on three or four lines of real estate. The country’s market area for merchandise houses was cumulatively +19.5 per cent, while that for the 30 largest cities was +23.5 per cent and for the other cities was +28.0 per cent.
In the short term, after the “317” New Deal, real-estate regulation was built up and began to spread to three-line cities, which in the short term will cool down three-line real-estate sales from January to March, thereby affecting the start of new construction. However, throughout the year, three-line real-estate sales are still promising to maintain a better performance, for the most part.
Meanwhile, the idea of “city-based governance” means that “go-to-stock” in three or four cities will continue to be the subject of this year’s property policy. The monetization of squatter settlements will effectively boost “go-to-stock” in three or four cities.
In 2017, the rate of re-monetization was likely to exceed 60 per cent, pushing the area beyond expectations.c. Urbanization, first-line urban size control, high housing prices, etc.
It is expected to boost the sale of three or four lines of urban real estate, and since nearly two thirds of the sales of goods are of late age, the pace of new construction tends to lag behind, with sales growing by two or three quarters. That is to say, whether the stock of three or four lines of real estate was over-distorted this year.
It is expected to have a direct impact on the new building’s opening space in the second half of the year, thereby affecting the demand for engineering machinery. But even if real-estate sales eventually fall short of expectations, they will not have a fundamental impact on the upward cycle of this round of engineering machinery, which is not itself a real-estate-driven cycle.
3x1 Work 2) From the point of view of capital investment, the scope of capital investment is broader and includes a wide range of areas such as farm water, transport, energy, shantytown rehabilitation, etc.
These areas have had a direct impact on demand in the engineering and machinery industry. As capital investment has been tasked with regulating the growth of the national economy, it has remained relatively stable in recent years, and it has been difficult to make a marginal contribution to the sale of engineering and machinery.
But this situation is likely to change this year, with the biggest change coming from the location of the ppp. Since the launch of the first ppp project by the National Commission for Development and Reconstruction in November 2015, it has been almost a year and a half, and the ppp project will be fully in the landing phase this year.
By the end of December 2016, the total investment in the ppp project was 1.35 billion yuan, of which 50% was in the project after the second stage (preparation phase). Moreover, 57% of the investment in the shipping and municipal project was in the project.
In terms of the geographical distribution of the investment in the ppp project, the total investment in the Yunkoukawa province is about 3.9 trillion, or close to 30%, and is the area with the highest proportion of investment in the ppp project. As already mentioned in the previous geographical analysis of the increase in the volume of excavations in 2016, the needs of the two provinces are mainly driven by extractive and capital-building activities.
Since the second half of 2016, the engineering and mechanical requirements arising from the ppp site have become apparent. The ppp site has made the capital requirement available in 2017, and the ppp project will make capital investment no longer substrate for engineering and machinery.
In order to change the marginal demand for engineering machinery, it has become a variable that can bring about marginal improvements in the overall demand.
From the point of view of the inventory cycle, that is, the short-term cycle, the re-emerges to a large extent from the point of view of the business going into the replenishment cycle. Historically, after 2000, China experienced five rounds of the stock cycle.
Three powerful cycles have been running for nearly 40 months or more, while two weak cycles do not last more than 30 months, and demand has not recovered significantly in the current cycle, because they are often accompanied by strong demand. They are therefore concerned about the sustainability of the macroeconomic recovery, and it is assumed that engineering and mechanics will soon be able to replenish their reservoirs from their own initiative.
We're counting the cumulative increase in the production of the products of the eight companies listed in the engineering machinery, and because only the semi-annual and annual reports reveal the product in the inventory details, the statistics are in half a year's units.
In terms of the rate of increase in the production of engineering machinery and the rate of increase in the stock of industrial enterprises as a whole, the matching of the two can be divided into three-by-one jobs (2007-2013): the point of increase in the production of engineering machinery leads the pace of the increase in the production of all industrial enterprises
2014-present: The pace of growth in the production of engineering machinery coincides with the rate of growth in the production of industrial enterprises, and the underlying reason for this shift from a pioneer to a lag indicator is that, after 2013, engineering machinery went up and down.
In 2016, the total value of the products produced by the eight companies listed in the engineering machinery fell by 0.7 per cent, and the ring increased by 0.7 per cent.
1.8%, just emerging. According to research in March of this year, engineering and machinery companies have extended production lines, but are subject to upstream capacity bottlenecks for spare parts, and the industry as a whole is not growing fast.
The inability of engineering and machinery to rapidly build up the stock, which results in the delay of the engineering and machinery replenishment cycle to the point where all industrial enterprises and distributors are willing to replenish the stock.
The industry’s inventory cycle. The duration of the active stock replenishment by engineering and machinery firms and distributors may be more than anticipated during the cycle, which will effectively support the industry’s ability to maintain a high profile.
Summarizing the analysis in this chapter, we have obtained a framework for situational analysis of the demand for engineering machinery: first, to monitor the data on the cost of engineering machinery, and then to judge the reasons in two ways: (1) the start-up rate and the number of hours worked; (2) the sale of mobile phones, which reflect the needs of the new machine ' s customers; and (2) the sale of mobile phones, which reflects the needs of the new machine ' s customers.
From these two data, we see that this cycle of engineering machinery is the result of a real demand transfer to the upper part of the industrial chain, and that the new client remains rational. Secondly, two variables are analysed: 1) updated demand; 2) downstream investment. Both are powerful and weak.
Depending on the macro-economic landscape based on a medium-term perspective, it is more important to observe the marginal changes between the two. From three dimensions, downstream investment is found to be driven by infrastructure, extraction, farm water, etc., and real estate pull is not evident.
Finally, from a short-term perspective, the duration of the current upward cycle of engineering machinery is judged in three ways. 1) Real estate: even if real estate falls short of expectations, it does not fundamentally affect the temperature of engineering machinery, because
This cycle is not real estate-driven; (2) capital construction: ppp is a variable that makes capital demand more marginal for engineering machinery; (3) cycle: from the point of view of the inventory cycle, subject to capacity bottlenecks, engineering and machinery companies may have taken the initiative to replenish the inventory for longer than expected.
In the light of the analytical framework, we judge that in the short term, engineering machinery will remain high, digging in 2017 with at least a 25 per cent increase in excavator sales, if all three factors (property, infrastructure, cycle) are more than anticipated, figure 22. Qualitative projection analysis framework for engineering machine demand scenarios
A framework for the analysis of demand for engineering machinery, real demand: start rate & start small emotional effects: a surge in second-hand transactions.
The rapid growth in the sale of engineering machinery is irrationally concentrated in individual households.
Downstream demand: from infrastructure & mining, territory: the excavator is growing rapidly, and the new start-up area of the property is not growing fast
Grass-roots research: Distributors don't feel that real estate brings demand Short-cycle: subject to capacity bottlenecks.
Even if the property falls short of expectations, the capital: ppp investment will allow the workers to take the initiative to replenish the stock for a longer period than might have been expected.
The demand for engineering machinery will also have a low impact, and the marginal demand for process machinery will improve.
Three heavy jobs, three "most" describing why three heavy jobs were chosen, and the last chapter, we discussed the continuity of the engineering and mechanical landscape and came to the conclusion that we don't need to do it at the moment.
For the industry, we believe that the first three jobs are the most worthy of choice, and we will elaborate on the three reasons why. For the international giant, Trinity is most likely to become an oligarch of domestic engineering machinery.
Engineering machinery, as a capital sector, is a pattern that is bound to emerge after the industry has reached a certain stage. By reference to the US and Japan, engineering machines in both countries have already completed a shift to oligopolistic markets.
The oligarchy of the internal engineering and machinery market. Three are the first-largest-earning engineering and machinery companies in the country, but there is still a big gap between the international giants of Caterpillar, Matsuma, and Trinity, both in terms of size and profitability.
Figure 24. roe by 2015 is much lower than Caterpillar and Matsuma, and we believe that Trinity is most likely to become an oligarch of domestic engineering machinery for four main reasons: Trinity is a constant investment in product research and development, company research institutes have national technology development centres and Bo.
In 2016, the company continued to operate hydraulic excavators, car cranes, mounted cranes, environmentally friendly asphalt stations.
Three-by-one jobs, figure 26.3116.
Figure 25.31 focuses on R & D, with the highest R & D expenditure/breathing up to 20,000 hours of full life and up to international advanced water sy 485 hydraulic excavators.
The vehicle crane series is designed for emerging markets such as India, South-East Asia, and the Middle East, and has 13 new items, full of scc6500a lifts, for internationalization requirements, to meet the 3mw windmill hanger requirements, and is in the category of large and medium tons.
Low, low tonnage, low cost, adaptation to markets such as Brazil, Russia, Asia-Pacific, South Africa, and meeting container transport, internationalization of the headlines.
12t single steel wheel crusher oral roller product. Shr series asphalt heat blending up to 50%, advanced flue gas treatment technology, environmentally sound.
Environmentally friendly series of asphalt stations have been developed not only in terms of how advanced a few products are, but more importantly, in terms of the reputations of a wide range of users.
In the industry, the Trinity Digger is widely recognized as the best brand in the country, and most models are not very different in performance than Caterpillar and Xiaosong, and are more expensive. In China ' s 2016 brand focus list for engineering and machinery users, there are three-by-one major businesses.
All top three, especially in the excavator area, where there are four foreign brands in the top five, three are still the most important brands in the domestic excavator, confirming the good reputation of the triads. (3) The system of distributors continues to be optimized, and wind control awareness is growing.
In addition to products, a well-developed distribution system is one of the core competitivenesss of engineering and machinery enterprises. For many years, a network of distributors, with the East China region at its core, has been established. Trinity now has more than 1,100 service points throughout the country, and has taken the lead in introducing the concept of 6s stores, with emphasis on distributors.
In terms of risk management, the industry-wide use of financing sales during peak periods has led to a rise in the proportion of mortgage or finance lease purchases to around 60 per cent among Division clients, and a growing awareness of corporate control over the entire chain of sales.
Three heavy jobs, overseas operations are expected to benefit from a "one-way line," new military-industrial operations are well under way, and from the development experience of the United States and Japan, the engineering and machinery industry has a ceiling in demand in the country.
The country’s economy is in a state of depression, and the industry is inevitably in a state of adjustment. The market expands overseas in the face of the country’s saturated landscape of real estate and capital investment, the same options as Caterpillar and Matsuma.
As early as 2009, overseas operations have been actively deployed, with four R&D bases and multiple marketing centres in India, the United States, Germany, and Brazil, with rising overseas revenues. As the future “one-way, one-way” progresses, the ratio of overseas operations is expected to rise further.
Increased exposure to macroeconomic impacts on domestic operations. Figure 31.I Overseas revenue as compared to Caterpillar and Matsuma. Figure 32.3I offshore revenue levels have remained stable in recent years
The three areas of military industry, residential industrialization, and industrial networking are new growth points that companies have nurtured. For the last three years, companies have been continuously deployed in the field of military industry: 15 years of cooperation with the National Defence Section in the development of military and industrial products, February 16 years of official licensing for weapons and equipment research and production, September of the same year in collaboration with companies such as Paulie.
Next, the company is expected to continue to develop new products to meet the needs of the dual-use market and stay in the field of military engineering.
Figure 33. Military, residential industrialization, industrial networking as a new point of growth
Trinity is the most beneficial in this upward cycle of engineering machinery, and the following is an explanation from a product perspective: why we think Trinity is going to benefit most from this wave of engineering machinery that has gone through a five-year period since its peak in 2010-11.
During this period, a large number of medium- and low-end brands were phased out and market concentration increased, particularly in the excavator market (cr3 rose from 32 per cent in 2012 to 49 per cent in 2016).
Bits. The cities of China have seen their share of the overseas giants, Matsuma and Dooshan falling, and only Caterpillar is rising, but the increase is less than three or one.
In the current cycle, the sales of taps have increased at a rate of 207% in December 2016, far ahead of the industry by 75% of the same rate, and in the competitions of Caterpillar and Matsu. Trinity has also been in the lead since the increase in January-March of this year.
Based on our judgement that the excavator's sales grew by at least 25 per cent in 2017, and according to the market rate of 22.6 per cent from 31 January to 30 March. We believe that, with the combined effect of market expansion and increased city occupancy, the Tripoc operation will benefit the most from the current upward cycle of engineering machinery.
2) Autolift cranes, we believe, will recover only after the excavator in the current cycle. When the market is concerned about excavators, the car cranes are also sold at a rate of about 250% in February and accumulated in January/February.
The recovery was no less robust than the excavator at 132.1 per cent of the same rate, with the largest holdings of excavators and loaders (more than 1.5 million units) among the various types of engineering machinery, while the other types were far below the previous two, with more than 200,000 only towers hanging, concrete mixers and
Automobile hangers. But the long life (15-20 years) of the towers is not in the renewal cycle, and the concrete mixer is competitive (a large number of heavy brands are involved), making it difficult to make a marginal impact on the performance of the engineering and mechanical enterprises during the cycle.
In three ways, the recovery of car hangers will be equal to the revenue of concrete machines and cranes in the current cycle, and the Māori ratio will be on the upswing to replace the position of concrete machines in the previous cycle.
The risk of impairment of the receivable is a key indicator of the balance sheet of the Engineering Machinery Enterprise because of the fact that the accounts receivable are fully accounted for, the age structure is healthy and the risk is manageable.
At the peak of the industry, the size of the industry has expanded too fast. This has led to businesses becoming the biggest risk point when the industry entered the low point.
The percentage is 8.7 per cent, lower than 8.9 per cent for the Central and Central Joint Heavy Sections, 12.3 per cent for Xu and 13.9 per cent for Willows.
In addition, the company acquired cash flows, further optimized its capital structure and reduced overall risk through the transfer of receivables, distribution of abs, etc.) Māori has taken the lead in bringing net interest rates back to industry leadership levels.
The Māori rate of 31 has continued to decline until 2015, but it began to recover first in 2016, leading by China, China, China, China, Xu, and Willows. On net interest rates, with the exception of China, several major industries have remained at a low level of about 1%.
In the current round, net interest rates are therefore expected to return to the industry’s leading position, driven by the first increase in the Māori rate. 3) Out of the debt service cycle, they are on a positive cycle of rising capital spending.
In addition to the increase in net interest rates associated with the boom, we find that the equity multiplier is an important factor in the enterprise’s rise.
But when the cycle turns on a temporary basis, a major pre-leveraging has led engineering and mechanical enterprises to enter a debt-servicing cycle, where large amounts of cash are used to service debt, absorb the cash used for capital spending by the enterprise, and create a vicious circle of falling capital spending and debt service payments.
After years of industry decline, the company is now moving out of the debt service cycle, and by the first quarter of 2017, the corporate cash flow of debt repayments fell by 71.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and the company has moved out of the debt service week since 2011.
We've chosen the 2017 and 18-year average market gains in the engineering and machinery industry as a reference, based on our profits.
In terms of the market net rate valuation area for three or one heavy jobs over the last five years, the current value of three or one heavy jobs is still at the bottom, and there is room for restoration in the Trinity valuation against the backdrop of an improved industry landscape and improved profitability.
Stock prices are still clearly undervalued, and based on optimistic judgements about the industry's climate and the three basics, we're working three or one heavy jobs, with real estate and capital investments growing at a lower rate than expected.
Since the demand for engineering machinery is largely influenced by the growth in real estate and capital investment, while we believe that the growth in downstream investment can maintain a moderate and high rate of growth, we do not exclude a more than expected deterioration in the macroeconomic or policy environment, which will directly lead to a decline in the engineering machinery landscape and, consequently, to corporate performance.
Despite the fact that the company accounts receivable accounts are adequate, the risk of uncollectible large amounts of the company’s accounts receivable is not ruled out if the industry is experiencing a steep decline in its climate. Moreover, because the stock is also relatively high in the company’s current assets, it cannot be excluded that the industry will experience a significant decline in its climate.
The relevant listed company mentioned in the study, Caterpillar (cat.n/US$113.09, with no rating)
Xiao Song Production (6301.t/YPY2,986.57, with no rating) Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian (6305.t/YPY3105.00, with no rating) All figures in this report are rounded
Three and one.