It's hard to shake the position of the industry, the leader of the cement industry, the world's leading cement company, with a reasonable equity structure. The company is clearly built through a t-type strategy.
In the future, companies will gradually develop bone and overseas operations. The world’s leading cement industry, with its large scale of operations, has a reasonable equity structure: conch cement is the world.
The company’s cement clinker industry accounts for more than 60% of its revenue, mainly in the east-central region. In 2020, it produced 3.7 million tons of cement, the size of which is second only to Chinese construction materials.
The highest cost-control industry, roe, profit margins, etc. are at a higher level in the industry. The t-type strategy reduces costs, and long-triangular cost advantages are hard to shake: companies build large clinker bases in the limestone-rich area along the Yangtze and control more than 30 docks to transport their products.
The river has increased its geographical coverage, low costs in coastal areas with scarce resources but large markets, acquisition of mills, local production of cement, and direct marketing. The company’s cost advantage by creating a “strategy” excludes competitors and captures the most demand-rich markets in China.
• Trade platforms in the sea respond to clinker shocks from overseas and get pricing rights for clinker along the river: Vietnam and Northeast relative to Xinhua rich time a50 index clinkers reach China by sea, causing price shocks and disrupting market order.
Cement owns more than 30 escalators, conducts trading operations on its own advantage, creates a trading platform for China to receive clinkers from overseas, and increases its powder production to absorb clinker shocks, gradually getting an average of three months' daily trade (million yuan)
Minerals are rich in resources, developing bone and overseas operations: companies have rich reserves, mining values, and future bone is the company’s priority development. At the same time, companies are leading overseas operations, with 10.94 million tons of overseas clinker and leading other competitors.
China Construction Materials Co. Ltd., using the market price of 24 September 2021 as a standard, capital investment fell short of expectations, coal prices rose faster, and the middle and lower rivers of the Yangtze went into the rainy season.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting, deep-farming, cement industry leader for many years.
World cement looks at China, China cement looks at conch: the company was founded in 1978 as the Ningzhou cement factory in Anhui Province, in 1997 as conch water. In 1997 and 2002 the company was listed as a stock, respectively. For more than two decades on the market, the company insisted on technological innovation and took the lead in building 5,000 tons of Japanese production, 10,000 tons of clinker production lines, the first million tons of clinker base in the country, and the first set of residual heat.
The company itself, while continuing to grow at a high rate, has led to the development of the domestic cement industry, which has won the reputation of “the world's cement-watching China, Chinese cement-watching the conch.” The real control is the State Finance Committee of Anhui Province, and the employee-stock platform is motivated: the company actually controls the State Finance Committee of Anhui Province, and the largest shareholder is An Shiu.
The provincial conch group, with a 36.4% shareholding, is an important component of corporate equity. In 2003, the conch group was transformed from a state-owned monopoly to a state-owned controlling stock, a group and affiliated business union of 8 natural persons formed a conch business to take over 49% of the shares of the conch group transferred by the Anhui Investment Group, the establishment of a corporate and employee interest community, and the full mobility of employees.
Chart 2 is a map of the stock structure of conch cement, which continues to grow rapidly. Companies are also very profitable and cash-creating, with companies that have been working at more than 20% since 2018, with a steady and reliable cash return on shareholders above the dollar, while ensuring high performance growth.
Cement taps, good cost control in the East China region, main cement clinkers in the East and East Farm: cement and clinkers are the company’s main product, with a share of 60 per cent in 2020. In addition, the company’s operations cover trade in sandstones, cement products and construction materials.
Large clinker production and limestone mine resources are rapidly developing and are expected to become a new profit growth point for companies in the future. On the regional level, the annual harvest ratio is 71.9%; in addition, the company’s harvest in the southern region is increasing.
Given that Chinese construction materials are in fact operated relatively independently by eight companies, such as South China Cement, China Union Cement, and South-West Cement, the real market power of the company is not weak. From the regional layout, the company has about 80 million tons of production capacity in Anhui, the province with the company’s most concentrated capacity.
In Guangdong, Guangxi, and Guizhou, production capacity is also over 15 million tons, 2,092.5 tons, 1,751.5, 1,596.5, and 18662,000 tons respectively. Companies have developed sea-based trading platforms to cope with clinker shocks abroad, and there has been a marked increase in cement production capacity. Since 2018, the company's cement clinker has averaged $14.9 a year; tons of operating profits have stabilized at over 135 dollars since 2018.
Such a high level of profitability and control is rare. Figure 8. Corporate cement milling has grown rapidly in recent years. Figure 9. Corporate costs are well regulated and profitable.
Logistics transport, cost control, mining resources, regional patterns leading the way, cost reduction strategies, long-triangular cost advantages: "t" stands across the coast, with strong representatives along the river. The "t" strategy refers to the concentration of large clinker bases along the Yangtze River, where limestone resources are abundant, and the control of more than 30 docks to transport cement and clinker over long periods of time.
The river has significantly increased the geographical coverage of its products, acquired small cement plants at low cost in coastal areas where resources are scarce, but where the cement market is large, and converted into mills, produced cement locally and sold directly to the demand-rich eastern market, resulting in a model of “clinker base - Yangjie - milling station” that is not comparable to the traditional “plant-road-workplace” model. This strategic model has successfully addressed the problems encountered by cement companies.
The bottleneck of “high transport costs, limited distribution areas.” At the same time, the East China region is the region with the highest demand for cement in the country, and the cost advantage established by companies through the T-type strategy excludes competitors.
Figure 11. Long Triangle is the region with the greatest cement demand in the country. Figure 12. Conch Cement Mine Reserves in the lead, with significant scale effects, logistics distribution networks to improve efficiency: corporate cement production reaches 370 million tons, second only to the country.
China’s construction materials. The huge scale of production has had a huge scale effect, whether one-ton profit or one-ton cost-to-ton cost index, and the public administration is clearly ahead of other listed companies.
Figure 14. Cost of conch cement ton + ton is significantly lower than that of its peers (in yuan/tons)
Trade platforms should deal with overseas clinker, focusing on the development of bone and overseas operations, and trade platforms should deal with overseas clinker shocks and gradually acquire the right to price clinker along the river: since 2017, with cement side changes.
In Vietnam and the north-east, the price of clinker is cheap, arriving directly off the coast by sea, causing a certain impact on the price of clinker and disrupting the local cement market. Sea conch cement owns more than 30 river wharfs, establishing a China-China trading platform with its own advantages.
By 2020, the company’s trade code reached $41.07 billion, an increase of 7.1 per cent. Figure 15. The company’s trade activity has grown rapidly with the import of clinker.
Figure 16. The annual increase in the company's bone production capacity. The ban on river sands highlights the mineral resource attributes, and the company relies on a strong reserve to develop its bone business: as the national ban on riverine sands has gradually advanced since 2018, the supply of sandstones has been in short supply and prices have risen significantly. The mineral resource attributes are even more evident.
By 2020, the company had an osteoporosis capacity of 58.3 million tons, a collection of $1.03 billion and a gross interest rate of 68.3 per cent.
As the country’s “one-way” strategy continued, conch cement was placed on overseas markets. In 2020, the company’s overseas market received $2.71 billion, representing 7.9% of the total. The offshore production of conch cement was distributed mainly in Indonesia, Cambodia, Myanmar, and Laos, among others, with the highest capacity for clinker production in Indonesia.
The company reduces carbon emissions through chemical absorption devices. Cement carbon in middle and lead, and proposes a carbon capture programme in the cement industry: the cement industry as a large carbon emitter, with double carbon targets becoming heavy.
The company took the lead in proposing a carbon capture programme to reduce carbon emissions in the industry. The programme was divided into two main steps: the first was a co2 trap: cement kiln flue gas was sent to the bottom of the devulcanized water bathing tower through a winding machine, and then went through the processes of water cooling, devulcanization, etc.
Precision process: Co2 gas is extracted from the top of the desorption tower, resulting in high purity of the industrial level following a process of condensation, water partitioning, compression, drying, etc.