Income growth, the rise in coal prices led to a fall in ton of Maori - conch cement, semi-annual performance in 2021, an increase of 8.7 per cent; net profit return of $14.95 billion, a decrease of 7.0 per cent; net profit deduction of $14.01 billion, the same as net profit of non-returning mothers.
In terms of sales, the steady growth in revenues and the rise in coal prices have led to a decline in tons of Maori: 150 million tons of self-produced cement clinker sold by 21h1, which is +9.4 per cent the same as in the same period in 2019; sub-regions, where demand in the eastern, central and southern markets is stable, sales are growing and the western region is subject to market demand.
In terms of price, 21h1 produced its own cement clinker at $334 tons, which is almost the same as 19h1. Ton cost and ton The unit compared with the trend of 300 deep.
Māori: The cost of the 21h1 company ' s cement clinker ton is 189, the cost is +15, the cost of the ton is 144, the cost of the ton fuel power is $106.4, the cost of the ton is +13.6, which is mainly affected by the increase in coal prices. The cost of the period is 5.75% for the 21h1 company, an increase of 1.30 percentage points for the period, if trade revenue is excluded.
At the demand side, fiscal policy is expected to work in the second half of the year: 730 political bureau meetings have stated that active fiscal policy is needed to improve policy effectiveness, keep the bottom line at the grass-roots level of the "3S" and keep track of budget investments and local government bond issues and drive the present day.
At the end of the year, there will be an in-kind workload at the beginning of the year: in the first half of 2021, additional special-purpose debt was issued at $1.01 trillion, representing only 29 per cent of the total, and in the second half of the year special-purpose debt was expected to accelerate, leading to the landing of major capital projects, which in turn led to increased demand for water and mud.
On the one hand, the China Building Materials Federation, together with 15 professional associations, has developed a directory of guidance on the elimination of backward production capacity in the construction materials industry to accelerate the phase-out of backward production capacity; on the other hand, the Ministry of Information and Technology has issued an implementation scheme for the replacement of production capacity in the cement glass industry, which requires cement production capacity in the restricted category of the industrial restructuring catalogue and cross-provincial cement replacement projects.
The ratio of all replacements is no less than 2:1 and the policy of energy replacement is becoming more stringent. Low cost and low cost are significant advantages to the company's core competitiveness Low cost: conversion to powder of small and medium cement plants through the “t”-type strategy (Amika Clinker Base + Yangtze Logistics + Long Triangle Acquisitions)
Mills + self-built residual power plants) and scale effects, the company built a wide, low-cost moat river; in 2019, the public sector spent $178 tons of cement clinker, down from the industry average of $208. Low cost: through a scale spread and excellent management controls, the company spent 6 per cent of its time in 2019, far below the industry average of 12 per cent, and year by year.
By mid-August, 6.7 times the pricem in the cement industry was used as a reference to maintain a “recommended” rating, taking into account the low-cost advantages of the company’s 115 million tons of capacity. Fiscal policy slowed down in the second half of the year; and the risk of rising fuel prices, such as coal.
Summary of company financial statement data projections Yang Jian, Ph.D. in conjunction with the Rutgers Department of Chemicals, Nanjing University, with senior geologic and chemical background, published several papers in jgr, jcis, energy&fuel, etc., on drilling core analysis, geo-fluorescent simulations of scale scale geo-flow calculations, etc.
Research in the petrochemical, building materials industry has had research experience in the automotive, delivery, and military-industrial sectors. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment consultancy, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, and through reasonable judgement and conclusion, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.