A further increase in copper and cobalt production, with high performance - Loryang Molybdenum (603993.sh) incident evaluation report.
Fuhh@cfsc.com.cn net return profit of $8.671 billion, which is the same period of record, with an increase of 60.07 per cent; operating cash flow of $1,20.09 billion, which continues to be steady, with an increase of the same year
In 2025, real production was 3,536,000 tons of copper produced by H1 and, in the same case, 6.89 million tons of molybdenum, or 4.90 per cent of the total; the same amount sold was 72.39 million tons.
The company’s main product, copper and cobalt, is in excess of 50% of the upper limit. In median, there has been a significant increase in copper production, which is still the company’s core product, and the increase in the price of the sale boosts the collection and the fur.
X. 2025-03-27 Financially, the mining sector received 39.402 billion yuan, compared to 25.64 per cent, mainly due to higher sales and operating costs of most products
The copper and cobalt project has been released, and future production will continue, with the mining finance component of the mine, which, by sub-product, collects $25,718 million, +28.42 per cent, Māori 13,793 million, +31.54 per cent, mainly.
Cobalt revenues amounted to $5,728 million, i.e. +31.94 per cent, Māori to 3,542 million, i.e. +93.42 per cent, and significantly increased the price of cobalt; copper and cobalt metal remained the core of Māori, accounting for the company ' s mines, respectively.
kfm and tfm, two major world-class copper and cobalt projects, are over-annually in progress and are expected to generate a new round of positive growth, and the company is in order around its future goal of producing 800,000 to 1 million tons of copper in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Promotes the expansion of additional production capacity in tfm and kfm. tfm Central Sector is operating more efficiently, tfm productive capacity is continuously released, product quality is significantly improved, costs are significantly lower than last year, and geological modelling of the relevant exploration mineral body is completed; kfm copper production is completed
The year-to-year completion rate is significantly higher than the median and costs continue to fall, while phase two is in the pipeline, and deep sulfide is better than the mine in terms of exploration, achieving the expected increase in storage.
The construction of the Heshima hydroelectric power plant in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, with its power generation capacity, is progressing well, and the dividends continue to be strong, with the faction discovering a high level of innovation in the gold dividend.
The net profit ratio in East is over 40%. So far, the company ' s 2024 dividends have been successfully completed, and the cash share has been higher than in the past.
The current copper price is in the upper cycle and the cost of the company's copper and cobalt products has been reduced. A slight increase in profit forecasts has been made to maintain a “buy-in” investment rating. 1) The output has not increased as expected; 2) the cost of major minerals such as copper and cobalt has been substantial
Increases; 3) risk of price volatility of major products; 4) geopolitical and policy risks of offshore mining; 5) interest rates, exchange rate fluctuations, etc.
Chinese University of Hong Kong, Master of Science in colour and new materials research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.