Investment rating: semi-annual performance forecast for buying (maintaining) the Luoyang molybdenum industry.
The company expects 25h1 to realize a net return of $8.2 billion to $9.1 billion, up from +51.37 per cent for copper and cobalt in the first half of the year, contributing to elasticity. Average copper prices increased by 3.6 per cent over the same period. Cobalt prices: facilitated by the Democratic Republic of the Congo export ban, q2 is now available in the country.
Cobalt prices were 238,000 yuan per ton, + 8.3 per cent, ring + 27.5 per cent, and the extension of the ban on exports led to a steady increase in cobalt prices, which reached 24.51 million yuan per ton on 16 July. The company's copper and cobalt volume was effectively increased, while the overseas gold mines were purchased and the resource layout was completely upgraded.
According to the announcement, on 24 June 2025, the company completed the acquisition of Luminagold, Canada, and acquired 100% of the share in Ecuador’s Cangrejos gold mine.
359 tons of gold metal, 26 years of service. The mine is still under exploration, and according to preliminary findings, there is still some scope for raising future resource reserves. The project is scheduled to start production in 2028, counting 11.5 tons of gold per year.
Risk resistance during the cycle: significant fluctuations in the prices of major metals; risks to overseas operations; risks to mine safety and environmental protection; project progress 1. Congo copper and cobalt continues to increase, and mining + trade double-wheels
The data and information used in this report are based on publicly available information on the market, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.