On 21st of April, 2020, there was a high rate of growth, and new products for tuberculosis were to be expected.
On April 20th, the company announced that it would collect $10,587 million during the reporting period, an increase of 102.50 per cent, and net profit for mothers of $2,366 million, an increase of 63,05 per cent.
Income meets expectations, agent products continue to grow at a high rate and cost remains low \triangleright \triangleright
\triangleright \triangleright \
The Hpv market demand is still strong, the 2-priced seedlings are not yet affecting the company, and the five-priced rotavirus vaccine is in a fast-discharge phase. The company’s autonomous product has achieved a total of 6.132 million (33.44%), of which the ac-hib joint vaccine is being issued.
\triangleright, Research of the Dollar Securities Corporation - Ji Fei Bian (300122) 2019q3 Quarterly Review: Unique proxy varieties growing with certainty, followed by a rich pipeline
Optimizing upgrades, prefilling mpv4, prefilling mcv2, prefilling hib with vaccines, etc. Market access has been completed, and significant growth in autonomous products is expected in the future.
Marketing + R & D double-wheel drive, with tuberculosis products opening up the new blue sea market
In the districts, there are more than 30,000 primary health service points (inoculation sites, community clinics) and companies are studying a variety of micro-cards for priority products in the field of tuberculosis (for people infected with tuberculosis) and restructuring \triangleright
Nodule integration proteins (ec) are expected to be marketed in the near future, with ec screening, microcards for constant enlightenment, and a strong combination of the two. In addition, the company has a 15-price combination of pneumonia vaccine, a four-price influenza vaccine, and a four-priced flu vaccine.
Liu Hye-min Risks of bad accounts receivable; uncertainty in the development and listing of new products; and risk of product safety.
This report is presented independently and objectively, with due diligence and professionalism, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association. My commitment to the report is based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the professional integrity and professional competence of the author.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.