Agent products drive up high-growth harvests, autonomous products are about to harvest - year 2019.
Wong Schill has maintained a high rate of growth, and the overall Māori rate has declined.
In terms of income structure, the company ' s autonomous product received 1.337 billion yuan, an increase of about 5 per cent over the reporting period, which was almost equal to last year, while the rate of revenue earned by proxy products fell by 16.64 pct, mainly due to an increase in sales of low Maori products.
In terms of the cost of the period, in 2019, the sales and management costs of the company were different. During the reporting period, in order to strengthen core competitiveness, companies continued to increase their R & D investment, reaching 259 million yuan in 2019, an increase of 52.73 per cent over the same period, representing some of the revenue from autonomous products.
At the same time, in order to meet the strategic planning needs of its affiliates, the company has increased its contribution of $500 million to the Quantico-Engine and the Quma-Eun-Eun-Eun-Eng-Eng-Eng-Eng-Eng-Eng-Eh, respectively, and these initiatives have contributed significantly to progress in the development of new products. (Income structure (2019y)
Autonomous products continue to be optimized and agents maintain high-speed discharges. There are four autonomous vaccine products on sale, including ac-hib vaccine, acyw 135 multi-sugar vaccine, ahib vaccine, ac combination vaccine, and five proxy products, including Mossathon.
In the last six months, stocks have been compared to depth 300, Hpv, Hpv, Pneumonia and Hepatitis 23.
The number of issuances was 4.281 million, a decrease of 33.5 per cent from the same year, mainly because the product was not re-notified and was no longer produced after the certificate expired. The ac-hib dry agent type is currently in iii and is expected to be on the market in 2021. In addition, to reduce the impact of the ac-hib vaccine shutdown, plus
With strong competitiveness, companies continue to optimize existing autonomous products. To date, companies have upgraded and optimized their autonomous vaccine products and have achieved market access, with acyw 135 multi-sugar vaccine prefilled, ac combined vaccine prefilled, and ahib combined vaccine prefilled.
Access to 20, 24, and 20 provincial units will have a positive impact on company performance in the future. For proxy products, the bulk issuance of 4 and 9-priced Hpv vaccines will be 5,543,000 and 3,324,000 respectively.
Since its inception, companies have consistently focused on R & D and technological innovation, and have continuously increased their R & D inputs, which have also provided the basis for their sustainable development. To date, companies have two R & D bases and one R & D centre. In R & D pipelines, there are now 28 company-owned R & D projects.
Of these, 16 are in the clinical trial stage, of which the recombinant nodule rods (ec) and the cow branch bacterium vaccine (used by the tuberculosis infected population) for the diagnosis of tuberculosis infection have been completed.
New drugs, the world's leading product, and the market outlook, make it possible to increase company performance. Most of the remaining 12 projects have also completed pre-clinical trials and are in the process of declaring clinical trials, three of which have made staged progress and obtained clinical trials during the reporting period.
In the company's research and development of pipeline layouts, the company deals with brain circulation, tuberculosis, pneumonia, flu, rabies, etc.
The development of a vaccine project for domain users, a clear, hierarchical ladder structure for R & D products, and prospects for the future continue to bring new growth points to corporate performance. Risks of changes in industrial regulatory policies; under-promotion of products; under-research of products; and under-research and development of products.
Intended risk: market competition increases the risk: the risk of the epidemic increases. The dynamics are 38.5 and 30.2 times higher, respectively. We believe that companies, as strong suppliers of vaccines, will be expected to benefit from the rapid development of our vaccine market.
In view of the increasing use of corporate agency products and the growing abundance of autonomous product lines, we look forward to the future development of the company and maintain an “enhanced” rating. Schedule 1 Summary of gains and losses and projections (in millions of yuan)
The author of the report, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association, presents the report independently and objectively in a professional and diligent manner and ensures that the information used in the report is derived from compliance channels, seeks to reflect the author's research views in a clear and accurate manner, and does not constitute any third source of findings.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.