The income is slightly higher than expected, and the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center is expected to continue to grow.
(a) Events: The company published a quarterly report in 2020, which generated operating income of $2.63 billion, an increase of 14.9 per cent over the same period;
Performance meets expectations and core varieties continue to be released rapidly. During the 2020 q1 outbreak, the company pushed for the resumption of production earlier, with the help of the country's largest direct vaccine sales team, we expect to start working quickly from mid-February; and, in terms of product properties, the domestic demand for Hpv vaccines is high at a cost of 9 hpv.
In most areas, supply is tight and vaccination intervals are relatively long, product properties are relatively limited, and the company core species are expected to continue to grow faster throughout 2020: in addition, in 2002q1, the company core market needs and strong company marketing capacity are again tested
In the medium-to-long term, we believe that the market space for corporate proxy varieties is still huge, and that the weighting of the pounds will be on the market, keeping in mind the company’s long-term development logic in the midst of a rich and growing product pipeline. The research and development pipelines are rich and the long-term trends are clear.
The industry’s high performance is more risk-resilient and has a significant long-term investment value. One of the company’s champions of vaccines for domestic R & D capacity and marketing capacity is currently at a critical time node for the growth of proxy products and the imminent realization of heavy self-research products. On R & D pipelines: 1) 15-priced pneumonia.
Vaccines: 1 stage of clinical completion, with 3 phases of clinical entry expected to start in 2020, currently the highest in the country, with 1 billion net profit grade products; 2) double rabies vaccine: expected to be completed in 3 phases in 2020, expected to be produced in 2021, with 500 million net profit grade products; 3) 4-price influenza epidemic
Hmong: currently in clinical phase three, expected delivery in 2021; 4) 4-priced cerebral combination vaccine: 2-stage clinical completion, with 3-stage clinical completion expected by 2020; 5) 4 noxious virus vaccine: global exclusive product in clinical preparedness; 6) grouping: 100-per-cent white in clinical preparation.
In view of the company’s own and ongoing production, and the company’s strategic deployment of biopharmaceuticals and cell therapy, we believe that the company’s long-term high-growth period, smart-flying organisms (300122): performance meets expectations, no.
Risks; risk of Mersardon proxy relations or cancellation. 3. Smart Flying Organisms (3000122): undervalued national vaccine taps (2020-02-07)
4. Smart Flying Biology (300122): Performance meets expectations, All-Wide Wirtschaftsprüfer (300122): Performance is slightly higher than expected, and Noir has not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for any of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.