Wikito (300122) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals, Biotech and Life Sciences ec diagnostic clearance pending and expected to be approved for listing in the near future
Incidents: The reorganisation of the collusive collage protein (ec) of the recently funded fully funded subsidiary, Anilongkoma, has been changed to “end of approval - pending certification”, and we have judged that ec diagnostic tests & microcards for ec diagnostic & prophylactic purposes have been approved in the near future, with wide market prospects. ec diagnostic reagents are used for closing.
Screening of the nuclear sub-bacterial infections (ltbi) to prevent the use of microcards for the prevention of tuberculosis in high-risk populations, such as tuberculosis carriers aged 15-65 (reference to the third clinical programme). 18-20 per cent of the population of my country, with approximately 250 million people carrying tuberculosis bacterium, is committed to WHO.
By 2035, the overall rate of morbidity had dropped by 90 per cent, or around 100,000 cases per year, and it was the most effective way to reduce the incidence, screen those carrying bacterium tuberculosis, and then immunize the population. In 2018, the country enrolled in primary, lower secondary, upper secondary and university schools.
There are 18,677, 16,03 million, 13.5 million, and 7.91 million people, respectively, totalling more than 56 million.
Taking into account the market for new entrants and not taking into account other medically examined population groups, assuming that ec reagents are priced at $50/agents up to 12 months/minimum ($) The number of new university students is approximately 20 million, calculated on the basis of a 20 per cent infection rate (national overall)
Twilight Flying Organism (300122) "As expected, with a infection rate of about 20%. " , about 4 million people are carriers, conservatively calculated at about 20% penetration rate.
800,000 copies, based on 2000 yuan/persons (6 doses/persons), take only into account the newcomers market, with microcard sales peaking at about 1.6 billion yuan and a net profit of 700-80 million yuan. We predict that ec smart-flying organisms (300122) have been approved.
The diagnosis was approved in early May and the microcard for prevention was approved in the second quarter of 20 years. Taking into account market access and other factors, i.e., poor expectation of pipe value, sales are expected to be made in the fourth quarter. We predict the first full year of sales.
10 million copies of reagent sales, approximately 2 million carriers, according to the 20% infection rate, and the Pseudo-Girl Biological (300122) 25% use micro-cards, about 500,000 copies of micro-card sales and 50 yuan per person per ec.
The first full year ec and microcard sales, respectively, worked well with Mercado, and the Hpv replacement is expected to start by the end of the year.
For more than seven years now, the two sides have worked well together, and we've done a grassroots survey of our current model of cooperation, and it is hoped that a new round of procurement negotiations will be launched by the end of the year.
To assist Ji Fei in taking charge of the country's academic outreach, there are no extended teams, and there are plans to sell themselves. (We judge that a marketing team covering the whole country has been set up for at least two years.) (ii) The country's epidemic is one of the most powerful in terms of academic outreach, which is difficult to catch up with in the short term by other enterprises in the country, and the company owns it.)
Some 2,000 people, a direct distribution team covering more than 30,000 vaccination sites throughout the country, and the completion of the pending certificates for the triads, hpv ec diagnostics, the success of which is expected to be approved in the near future, such as listings and five-priced rotations, attest to the firm ' s strong academic outreach.
Research and development is in the harvest phase, with the result that the performance of the autonomous heavy-pound varieties “Micca, Three Generations of Madges, and 15 Prices of Pneumocococcal Inflammation” has fallen short of expectations. Prophylactic microcards, ec diagnostic reagents are expected to be approved in the near future, with peaks expected to contribute more than 2 billion net profits; and three Generations of Dactus, four-priced flu vaccine clinical phase 3.
We conservatively estimate that the future peaks of the three-generation "Smalls and Microcards and Four Prices of Influenza and 15 Prices of Pneumonia" can contribute more than 5 billion net profits, and that the company's vaccine business is expected to outperform the 8 billion net profit, given that the agent's Hpv equivalent is 3 billion net profits. In addition, large shareholders hold shares, intelligence.
The company will break the long-term growth ceiling if the biopharmaceutical breakthroughs are made. Profit predictions and investment proposals.
A strong product line (own + agent), with the first 5 billion net profits in the vaccine industry, the medium-term vaccine business is expected to contribute more than 8 billion net profits, if therapeutic biopharmaceuticals are obtained
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.