On the 28th of April 2020, the impact of the epidemic was limited and tuberculosis products were expected to land.
With the impact of the epidemic, the company is steadily promoting the resumption of work and guaranteeing the development, production, extension and distribution of products.
Market value in circulation (million yuan): The rate of increase in income at the end of the income is achieved by delivering, selling and importing agents, etc.. The accounts payable for post-epidemiological vaccine receipt of msd vaccine amounted to $3.146 billion, an increase of 42.14 per cent.
This led to a slower repayment cycle of $5,783 million in receivables, an increase of 30.34 per cent over the same period, and an increase in business activity that has not yet been issued for the same period, resulting in an oral rotation of 1,170 million (+248.8 per cent). The company’s main agent, Hpv vaccine, is of wide age and is expected to resume vaccinations quickly. In addition, the company’s autonomous product is actively updated.
Instead, 863,000, mcv2.97 million and mpv.4898 million vaccines were issued in batches; financial costs grew faster and further investment in R & D was expected to be mainly a structural change in the agent product, resulting in a departure from the growth in income and profits.
The company values technological progress by developing 2019-ncov weights in collaboration with the Chinese Academy of Microbiology.
In addition, the company obtained the vaccine for the sub-protein unit for the study by the National Dollar Securities Corporation of the Twilight Organism (300122) 2019q3, which was recombined with b-mening meningocococcal recommenced pepto-protein epidemic.
Patents for seedlings and their preparation methods, high technical barriers for b-group meningitis vaccine, difficulties in research and development, fda-approved vaccine products from Pfizer and Novartis, and strong research and development from companies. ec-products are on the market, and tuberculosis products open up the new blue sea market.
The company's follow-up priority products in the field of tuberculosis are microcards (for tuberculosis infected populations) and recombinant nodules.
In addition, the company has a 15-price combination of vaccines for pneumonia, a four-priced influenza vaccine, a frozen dry human rabies vaccine, etc., which is a strong guarantee of future development.
This report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.