With a temporary slowdown in performance affected by the new crown epidemic, ec and preventive microcards are expected to be approved soon.
The growth rate of performance affected by the new crown epidemic has slowed temporarily. With the impact of the new crown epidemic, which affected both logistics travel and vaccination clinics, the growth of the main battalion in the first quarter slowed, with a small increase in income and a zero-10% increase in the net return to the mother.
Quarterly months of January and February are not vaccination seasons, and the company agent's Hpv vaccine is still in stock for release and is in high demand, and is expected to resume vaccinations in the following years, with no change in sales expected throughout the year. Since the needs of the main varieties are rigid, it is expected that there will be significant additional requirements.
The home-grown ec and prophylactic microcards are expected to be approved soon, and the autonomous product lines are expected to be enriched. \triangleright ec and prophylactic microcards are expected to be approved soon, and ec diagnostic reagents and prophylactic microcards are expected to meet the national nodules.
The need for large-scale screening and prevention is expected to become a large variety. According to the Pharmacy Network, 23-priced pneumoconiosis has ended in three per diem beds; four-priced cerebral multiple sugar combined with vaccine clinical ii; three-generation rabies vaccine; and 15-priced pneumoconiosis clinic has been completed, and the autonomous product line is expected to be enriched.
The company agent’s Hpv vaccine series is expected to continue to generate high growth in company performance, steady progress in the pipeline, gradual enrichment of autonomous product lines, and an increase in the share of autonomous products, and an increase in valuation. We expect higher sales of Hpv than expected, less progress in research and development, and less progress in the approval of ec and preventive microcards.
The performance of the smart-flying organisms is forecast - performance is in line with expectations, with the expected growth of the product ec and the preventive microcards, steady progress in the line of research and development, and autonomous product lines
In January 2019, the author joined the civil security system. He had a qualification in securities investment consulting or a considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and the data used to ensure that the report was based on compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,