Shinjiyama testimony, Ji Fei Beast (300122.sz)
Reasons for the report: Annual report: The growth of proxy products continues to be high, and autonomous R & D products are worth looking forward to.
The company published its annual report for 2019, which achieved business income of $10,587 million, an increase of 102.50 per cent over the year; net profits attributable to shareholders in parent companies of $2,366 million, a steady increase in the growth of autonomous products and a high rate of growth in proxy products.
\triangleright primary vaccine product generated income of 1,324 million yuan, an increase of 6.61 per cent, acyw 135 more sugar, ac combinations and hib combinations of vaccines completed upgrading and market access, ac-hib III
Market data: On April 20, 2020, the combined seed water needle was re-registered but the accelerated development of the frozen dry agent was expected to be declared on the market during the year;
Of this total, 4-priced Hpv vaccines issued 5,54.37 million, an increase of 45.88 per cent over the same period; 9-priced hpv circulationa/total equity (billions): 3,3242 million vaccines issued, an increase of 173.55 per cent over the same period; 5-priced rotavirus vaccines issued
Market value of liquiditya (billions): due to construction and market promotion efforts; administrative costs increased by 36.85 per cent over the same period, mainly due to increases in management costs, such as remuneration for current jobs; financial costs increased by 312.43 per cent over the same period, mainly from this level.
In 2019, the company invested $259 million in research and development, an increase of 52.73 per cent over the same period, with an increase in the number of wise-flying green bamboos and the number of wise-flying dragons.
500 million yuan is a powerful boost to the development of new products. At present, several products have been phased in: recombined nodule bacterium (ec) and cow bacterium vaccine (used by the tuberculosis infected population) for the diagnosis of nodule infections have all been clinically fielded and produced.
On-site verification, in the course of an on-the-market production review, two types of products are world leaders, with huge market prospects; four-price influenza virus fission vaccine, rabies vaccine for frozen people, 28th floor of ITC, 69th Street West of Taiwon City.
(mrc-5 cells), 23-priced pneumonia vaccine is in clinical ii, ready to go to the market; 15-price lung.
The company has a strong, well-structured and autonomous product market position.
Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd. has a strong demand for heavy-pound agent products, which continue to grow at a high rate, and an autonomous R & D product that deserves market expectations. \triangleright
Drug safety risks; industry policy risks; under-research and development risks; under-sale risks;