Quarterly review 2024: good performance in self-employed operations, 30 October 2024 4th quarter performance in wealth management operations
The research assistant, Lo Wookang, published the 2024 quarterly report, which achieved business income of between 0.7 per cent and 46.1 billion yuan and net profit of between 2.3 per cent and 16.8 billion yuan, compared to between + 6.6 per cent and $286.5 billion at the beginning of the year.
▪ Light assets operations: overall performance is better than industry. 1) Management performance is relatively robust, with $625 million in Huaxia and $236.4 billion more in the non-monetary size of the 24q3 summer fund, and is ranked second in the industry with $912 billion equity fund size (compared with 24q2 ring + 36 per cent).
Industry data; we can see the same ratio of net cash received by corporate agents for securities traded in the first three quarters of the year to heavy asset operations: self-employed business performed brightly and capital broker-type business performed poorly. 1) Self-employed business grew robustly.
47-62 per cent, note: income from self-employed operations = return on investment — income from investments of associated enterprises + income from changes in fair prices; changes in financial assets held for trading purposes and in the flow of funds resulting in net cash from operating activities equal to +309 per cent. 2) subject to market and operating costs, capital intermediation operations
On September 2, 2024, the central bank introduced two structural monetary policy instruments: securities, funds, swap facilities for insurance companies, stock buybacks, and increased refinancing.
Market transactions and investment activity have increased considerably as capital markets have been generated. On October 23, the first swaps of securities, funds, insurance companies have been made on a synchronized exchange of securities, funds, and insurance companies, giving new impetus to corporate strategic development.) Medium- and long-term capital inflows are good.
City, building capital market ecology that fosters long-term investment. The introduction of long-term capital funds facilitates assessment: overall robust performance, portfolio investment income, increased demand from institutional investors, brokerage for front-loaders, such as Chinese securities, and financial management.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: capital market reforms continue to be optimized, macroeconomic recovery is gradually taking place, leading bonders are better able to manage risk and enjoy a greater share of policy dividends, and Sino-Portal securities are used as Sino-Portals (600030): 2024
The champions are expected to take advantage of the opportunities. We are looking up the company’s profit forecast, 2024-Assessment: overall performance is better than industry, and top-level dominance is evident.