"Go to the Sea" will be the new engine of growth for the industry.
On December 12th, 2024, the Sino-Kin securities organized in Beijing, “To leave the country, to find Chinese letters”, “Come to China, to find Chinese letters” and “Investment Open Day 2024”.
First, companies continue to explore cross-border operations, and business contributions are increasing. As of the end of 2024h1, the size of the company’s assets outside the country continues to grow, with many business opportunities.
On the other hand, the rate of return on our basic assets continues to fall, and the pressure of domestic “asset waste” has highlighted the fact that it is either out of the country or out of the way. In addition, close to billions of yuan and $4,445.5 billion in bonds.
The continuing exploration of offshore operations, the growing importance of domestic capital markets, the volatility of equity financing, among other things, makes domestic bond dealers vulnerable to short-term pressures. To promote sound business development, listed front-runners explore offshore operations and seek new opportunities for business growth, such as overseas investment, cross-border wealth management.
In the first half of 2024, the company earned $6,086 million in offshore business and 22.28 per cent in income. Overseas investment: equity financing, the Chinese dollar-based finance business led by the company's offshore equity and the Chinese dollar-based debt-stocking market led by the company.
In the area of debt financing, the United States dollar debt underwriting of companies has been at the forefront for many years, and has had a rich experience of innovative offshore customer panda debt services. At present, firms are expanding their operations at both the internal and external levels, gradually extending from Chinese to South-East Asia and India.
Figure 3: Equity holdings and market share ratios (in millions of Hong Kong dollars) Figure 4: United States dollar debt and market share (in millions of United States dollars) in SCM securities
In the first half of 2024, companies completed 7 Hong Kong market ipo projects, 3 refinancing projects, 882 million United States dollars (US$) in equity financing, ranking first among the securities companies; and 8 other offshore equity financing projects with US$ 406 million.
In the first half of 2024, in the middle-capital offshore bond business, companies completed 130 bond issues totalling $1,485 million, with a market share of 3.25 per cent, and ranked second among the middle-income securities companies; in addition, companies provided diversified services to their clients in terms of structured and leveraged financing, risk solutions, and cross-border liquidity management.
In the first half of 2024, the company completed a global M & As transaction involving Chinese enterprises of $5.314 billion, ranked second in the ranking of the Chinese securities firm, to assist Biewu in the acquisition of Guinea’s Western Mandu mine; and to assist Grangesab in Europe in the acquisition of production bases in Shandong, China, where the national strategy for services actively introduces foreign investment.
Table 1: Sino-Portal Securities 2023 and 2024 report on the outlook for offshore operations Expanding international clients, strengthening stockholdings, exploring business opportunities such as panda debt, and significantly expanding offshore capital
Enhancing offshore debt operations such as M&As, M&As, foreign capital M&As, financing, gdr and overseas equity debt in South-East Asia, and overseas dollar debt in South-East Asia
Businesses such as mergers and acquisitions of offshore listed companies and privatizations have been opened up, rights-based financing has continued to upgrade the country, taking advantage of the full-product service advantage of domestic and external debt financing.
Enhancing business opportunities such as M&As for Chinese-owned enterprises, M&As for foreign-owned enterprises, enhanced equity financing for ports and South-East Asia Panda Debts, and significantly expanding offshore debt,
The expansion of offshore firms' industries such as mergers and acquisitions and privatizations, the opening up of offshore equity financing, the holding of overseas dollar debt, such as South-East Asia, and the upgrading of offshore bond operations
Enhancing the capacity of M&A services in international markets, upgrading the global M&A industry, and continuing to improve the competitiveness of international markets.
On the one hand, there has been an increase in the demand for offshore investment and a significant increase in offshore investment over other types of investment. In 2008-2022, Chinese residents invested abroad at a 28% compound rate, leading heavily in investment products such as banking, insurance, and investment in real estate.
In the United States and Japan, for example, the United States accounts for 103% of the year-end overseas. China now has only 6% of its portfolio abroad, with a larger upfront space.
Policies such as cross-border finance management, etc., provide policy support for corporate funds to expand cross-border operations. Currently, the qfii/rqfii line has been liberalized, the qdii line remains limited and tight, mutual recognition, cross-border finance is becoming active and sufficient, and cross-border investment operations still have significant development space.
Foreign investors invested in China’s financial assets on a significant scale, mainly in equities and bonds. As of the end of September 2024, foreign investors held stocks of 3,134.7 billion yuan in the country, and bonds of 4,440.5 billion yuan.
Figure 6: Domestic financial assets held by offshore institutions and individuals (in billions of yuan)
Focus on asset characteristics, focusing on the introduction of cross-border and passive index products with a more robust rate of return of 7 fluctuations; multi-strategic approaches, combining the market environment, to guide client allocation more robustly, facilitating a shift in client asset allocation towards low volatility, increasing product supply from multiple countries and regions from a multi-regional perspective, and further diversifying investment risk through cross-border product regional spectrometry.
The company, with its rich business license plate, its deep business resources, and its strong innovative capabilities, has moved abroad to China, China, China, China, and China.
As of the first half of 2024, offshore revenue contributed more than 20%. Looking ahead, cross-border business contributions will continue to rise as capital markets move forward in both directions. We maintain business profitability forecasts, predicting corporate policy risks, foreign interest rate fluctuations, global economic downturn risks, and sub-optimal risks for the domestic economy.
Sino-Sinse securities (600030.sh) - Three-quarters performance is good, highlighting the vanguard advantage - 2024-10-30 Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions from any third party, through reasonable judgement or conclusion; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future