OmniVision (603501 CH)
Solid 1H25 results; Maintain BUY
BUY (Maintain)
Target Price
RMB173.00
OmniVision reported 1H25 results. 1H revenue rose 15% YoY to RMB14.0bn,
led by double-digit growth in Analog Solutions (+21% YoY) and Distribution
(Previous TP
RMB176.00)
(+42% YoY). During the period, gross margin remained stable at 30.5% (+1.3 ppts
Up/Downside
19.1%
YoY), while net profit surged by 48% YoY to RMB2.0bn. NPM improved to 14.5%
Current Price
RMB145.20
(from 11.3% in 1H24), reflecting operating leverage and cost control. The sales
China Semiconductors
of OV's core business, CIS, reached a record RMB10.3bn (+11% YoY), with auto,
security, emerging IoT, and medical CIS growing 30%, 17%, 249%, and 68%
Lily YANG, Ph.D
YoY, respectively, offsetting weakness in mobile CIS (-19% YoY). We believe
OmniVision is well-positioned in the CIS market, with leading market share in auto
CIS, medical CIS, etc. We forecast its revenue to grow at 18%/25% YoY in
2025/26E, while NP to increase by 24%/50% YoY. Maintain BUY with TP of
Kevin ZHANG
RMB173.
■ Auto CIS remained a key growth pillar, accounting for 37% of segment
sales with revenue of RMB3.8bn (+30% YoY). The growth was fueled by
Jiahao Jiang
ADAS penetration and cabin imaging demand. With a ~30% global market
share (per TechInsights) and tailwinds from China's "intelligent driving
equality" policy, we expect OV's auto CIS sales to grow at 40% YoY in both
Stock Data
2025E and 2026E.
■ Mobile CIS faced headwinds in 1H (-19% YoY) due to cyclical demand
transition (end-of-cycle demand for OV50H EOL) and slow smartphone
recovery in China (domestic shipment grew 3.3% YoY in 1Q25 on
government subsidies but decreased 4%/4% YoY/QoQ in 2Q as demand fell).
We expect a seasonal pickup in 2H, but project full-year mobile CIS
Shareholding Structure
revenue to decline 15% YoY as the headwinds persist (2025 smartphone
shipment to grow by a merely 0.6%/1.9% YoY, per IDC/Counterpoint).
Growth should resume in 2026E with design-wins in 200MP sensors and
new product cycles.
Source: HKEx
Emerging IoT and Medical CIS showed explosive growth, while security
Share Performance
demand gradually recovers. Emerging IoT revenue surged by 249% YoY
to RMB1.2bn in 1H25, driven by sports cameras, XR, and machine vision.
Medical CIS rose 68% YoY to RMB443mn. Security CIS grew by 17% YoY to
RMB827mn, due to rising adoption of its high-end products (Nyxel tech) and
market recovery. We expect Emerging IoT and Medical CIS to maintain
Source: FactSet
significant growth at 230%/50% YoY in 2025E.
12-mth Price Performance
Maintain BUY with TP of RMB173, based on 33.6x 2026E P/E (in-line with
historical 2-year average). Previous TP was RMB176 (41x 2025È P/E). We
cut 2025/26E net profit forecasts by 19%/15% on slower mobile CIS ramp
and GPM headwinds from mix shift (greater distribution sales contribution).
We remain optimistic on OV with 50% YoY profit growth projection for 2026E.
considering new mobile CIS product ramp-up and margin improvement. Key
risks: Soft smartphone shipments and intensified competition.
Source: FactSet
Earnings Summary
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Figure 3: Earnings revisions
Source: CMBIGM estimates
Source: CMBIGM estimates, Bloomberg consensus
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates. Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer
that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities or issuer; and (2)
no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will
deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong
Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIGM will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institution al Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.