Retail business and agency business two-fold company retail business and agency business, long ahead of the industry. Internet active households remain in the top position, and a new model of b2b2c is being built with the setmark.
Differentiated models of financial management and financial product systems. Retailing business and institutional business as well: companies are well established in traditional business, of which: 1) retail business is permanently at the top of the market, as of March 2018, and corporate equity funds are traded
The market share is 7.8 per cent, and the share of the market is 5.7 per cent in the size of the financing coupon; (2) the agency ' s business is in the vanguard of the industry, with the advantage of equity underwriting being particularly significant, with total equity underwriting ranked third since 2018 to date, and refinancing market share 19.9 per cent, the market ranking first.
The number of active Internet users is the number one, and mobile terminals have become the main trading channel: companies are connected for months and months to date.
In 2017, 85.29% of trading clients traded through the FC. Mobile terminals have become clients, leading the financial technology layout, creating a heterogeneous leader: the edge of the company's mobile phone terminal.
The interface and absorption of the three-month average daily transaction value (million yuan) of the assetmark has created a completely new operating system of b2b2c, with a differentiated wealth management business model emerging. The company now ranks first in the asset management industry.
II. The future promise of a differentiated model of financial management and the double impact of market volatility on industry performance and valuation through the power of financial science and technology, the creation of a differentiated business model and the use of the market price as a standard on 28 June 2018; and the impact of policy changes on corporate operations
Bank of China International Securities Inc. is qualified for securities investment consulting business.
Figure 2. Market share of the stock market of the stock market of the stock market, Figure 3. Market share of the stock market, Figure 4. Market share of the balance of the stock market, Figure 4.
Statement of income and expenditure (millions of yuan)