In mid-2018, they reported a summary report/non-bank finance. In August 30, 2018, they issued a mid-term report that generated $8,216 million in business earnings in the first half of the year.
With 1.2 per cent growth, 3.59 billion yuan net return to the mother, 5.5 per cent increase, $3.048 billion net profit not to the mother, and a steady increase in capital strength in the combined power sector, the reverse growth in the first half of the year was clearly better than the decline in the overall performance of the industry and the increase in net profit to the mother.
Billion yuan, net capital size 50.890 billion, seventh place in the industry, 8.9 per cent higher than at the end of the previous year
Corporate abs were ranked first in the 37.1 billion-dollar sector, with an increase of 109% in the same year.) Under the new accounting standards, the first half of the year saw a higher return on investment by joint ventures and joint ventures.
The wealth management business accounts for more than half of the revenue, and the international business is well developed for the future \triangleright 1) wealth management business in the first half of the year, dominated by brokering, financial product sales and capital intermediation
Current revenue grew by 6 per cent, with a revenue share of 51.4 per cent and 2.33 percentage points. Building on the experience of the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the deepening of wealth management was promoted, with 27.6 per cent of the workforce leading the industry in the first half of the year.) International business income grew by 39 per cent over the year, rising to 12.3 per cent.
8.22 percentage points. By the end of the quarter, the offshore subsidiary, Assetmark, had a 9.7 per cent share in the United States Tamp market, with management assets of $45.27 billion, an increase of 6.8 per cent from the end of the previous year.
Financial management, international operational advantages, capital enhancement, and consolidation of power. Out-of-the-field options are gradually forming. The performance of the newspapers is now divided.
The Fly Ring is down, and it's still looking at the risk of new repairs, capital growth, technological empowerment, transformational development, competition, Xiaoping Xiaoping, mid-level economist, Master of Economics, Xian Transport University, formerly in the Economic Research Institute, the Ministry of Strategy and Development of the Large National Enterprise, responsible for macroeconomics and macroeconomics.
Chen Xing, a PhD in Business Law and Finance, and a PhD in Finance. In 2017, the author joined the Chinese Securities Institute (CSI) with a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment consulting, and ensured that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,