In the semi-annual evaluation of the Chinese securities (601688), the investment bank showed a remarkable self-employment performance and a steady growth in performance □ event: the Chinese securities published a semi-annual report in 2018, which generated $8,216 million in operating income in the first half of the year.
In the first half of the year, the company's investment income, investment returns (including changes in fair value) were higher than in the reverse market.
On the other hand, the contribution of the investment earnings of Jiangsu Bank and the UNF has led to a decline in corporate revenue from joint ventures and joint ventures □ commissions, and the development of wealth management.
Sliding, still significantly below the industry average (3.16 million), companies use the “breathing wealth” platform as a nuclear platform to create a new, integrated retail business system on-line and off-line. Currently, companies move the app “breathing wealth” platform with 6.36 million active users per month, with industry ranked first.
The total revenue from the marketing of financial products amounts to $84 million, an increase of 17 per cent over the previous year. With firm growth and diversification, the future will accelerate the transformation of corporate wealth management operations, drawing on Ali and Sunning’s advantages in financial science and technology.
Assetmark has grown steadily. At the end of the reporting period, the total size of assets managed by the assetmark platform amounted to $45,274 million, an increase of about 6.8 per cent over the end of 2017.
□ Investment proposal: The firm’s portfolio has grown steadily, its investments and self-employment have been prominent, and its wealth management and international operations have been steadily advancing. The firm’s capital has been substantially increased.
Kim, the company has a wide range of potential for future development. Currently, the company pb is only 1.22 times lower than it has been for three years, maintaining its “recommended” rating. Point. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Within six months of the report ' s release, the company/industry growth and decline was compared to the previous index/subsidiary rise and decline over the same period. Synchronous markets: the rate of return relative to the market benchmark index fluctuated between ~5% and ~5%; no change would occur. We have tried to report objective and fair content, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, information or observations in the report.
There is no interest in evaluating or recommending securities. My companies and their associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to offer investment banking services or other services.