The event: the release of the stock release results and the change in shares of the stock share of the non-public issuea, Alibaba, Suninger, Antxon securities, State Enterprise Structural Adjustment Fund, Nord Shinrefon
Under the current regulatory system, a number of operations are linked to net capital to supplement net capital.
Open the space for future development, expand the scale of business, and increase the competitiveness of Chinese securities. Alibaba, Suning, buy-in, open up the imagination, and help Li Lihuathai Internet finance aggregate equity/flow (million shares)
Business development. Huatai Securities explores science and technology finance, Internet operations blend with traditional business, total market value/flow (millions of dollars) is at the forefront of the industry.
The number of active users of the voucher app class is the first. In 2017, the number of customers opening their accounts reached 11,158 million. After acquiring the ensetmark, a new one was created for investment in the Valtaire (601688).
The consultant uses a platform for financial services. Ali Baba and Suning buy-in shares, they're bound to report on the Internet (601688), 2017, where there's cooperation in areas such as stock network finance, back-to-back Internet giants, and Wah-tae securities in Internet gold.
With a slightly volatile share of the market, the lead in managing the business is bound to be even more prominent. Huatai securities have always been in the lead in brokering, wealth management, investment, etc.
As a result of this increase, net capital was replenished, development space opened up, Internet giants were introduced, shareholders were introduced, and the foundation was laid for follow-up cooperation, which would further consolidate the advantages of Chinese securities in Internet finance at the level of brokerage, wealth management.
Wathai Securities: Wathai Securities are rising and Alibaba's shares open up to imagination.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report