The stronger the man, the better the broker, the stronger the broker, the stronger the broker, the stronger the broker.
In terms of the size of net profits, the company ranked third in the net profit range of $3.159 billion, and in terms of the increase in net profits, the company ranked third in the net profit range at 5.53%. The increase in net profits was mainly due to growth in income driven by the investment and other operations, which was compounded by a reduction in management costs.
Research Assistant: Jang, first of all, Confucius is less cost-effective. This year, in a highly regulated and weak market environment, bond dealers grow by 24.41% in net profit return, and Valeté securities are recorded against this background.
Positive growth in performance is rare.zq.com.cn, kongwb@wlzq.com.cn Investment, management and other business income increases, with a larger decline in income from self-employment and financing operations:
In terms of sub-operational income (which we classify on the basis of financial reporting data), other income increased the most, by 297.08 per cent over the same period, mainly because of the increase in the real sales earnings of subsidiaries, the upturn in the banking sector, which benefited mainly from the large increase in the ipo business: companies, in the first half of 2018.
Equity performance has been excellent, with a strong concentration of regions and industries, particularly in the ipo sector, leading to a reversal of investment activity.
Brokering is the largest and wealth management is successful: according to exchange data, companies account for 7.71% of stock-based markets in the first quarter of the year and, although down from the same period last year, they are still the highest in the industry. Companies have been successful in pre-emptive, early deployment of the Internet and transformation of wealth management.
Clients’ assets amounted to RMB 2.91 trillion: income from surrogate financial products rose steadily, and the industry was ahead.
With the completion of this increase, the firm’s capital strength has increased significantly, and the net capital size is expected to move into the top five of the industry, raising funds to expand solid revenue, investment, capital management, direct investment, blending, stock pledge, overseas, and innovative operations. The introduction of Internet giants and state-owned capital will help deepen the mix, improve governance structures, and stimulate business dynamism, and will help companies to promote online business development and wealth management.
Investment proposals: The mid-term performance of thehua-Thai Securities 2018 is far better than that of the industry, solid in the first line, strong in brokering, strong in terms of financial leverage, strong in terms of management, balanced and integrated business development, and strong. After the replenishment and introduction of the investments, corporate capital will increase further and the size of the business will expand, with the promise of deeper reforms, dynamism, and wealth management transformation. We believe that companies will play a “strength” role in the future.
Figure 1: Figure Vatarian Securities Profit