Company Review - Non-Bank Financial Sector Investment Reverse Growth by 20.06%, which boosts performance
In the first half of 2018, the company achieved $8,216 million in operating income, an increase of 1.23 per cent over the same period; the net profit of the parent
In the first half of 2018, the company achieved net investment income of RMB 808 million, an increase of 20.06%. The firm’s negative growth in investment income was better than in the industry. The securities industry achieved insurance coverage and financial consultant revenues of RMB 16,202 million in the first half of the year, a decline of 26.72%.
In M & As restructuring, companies completed M & As transactions in the first half of the year. 3) The change in the accounting methods of Jiangsu Bank, combined with the volatility of derivative financial instruments, contributed to the upturn in investment income. In the first half of the year, companies achieved income of $2,529 million, an increase of 5.11 per cent.
459.28. Changes in the accounting methods of Jiangsu Bank and the volatility of derivative financial instruments have contributed to an upturn in investment operations. Adjustments to the accounting methods of Jiangsu Bank equity investment accounts have increased investment returns by $362 million, and derivatives of financial instruments have increased fair value change earnings by $2.13 billion. Companies use artificial intelligence, machine learning, etc.
Advanced algorithms and technologies, large data artificial intelligence platforms based on autonomous research and development, comprehensive capture of market-based investment opportunities, event arbitrage, alpha hedges, statistical arbitrage, stock strategy trading, etc., have created stable strategies and profit patterns.
4. Brokerage market share has declined, credit operations have declined, equity funds have been traded at $7.65 trillion, 2.67 per cent less than the previous year, and the industry has been ranked first; stock-based trading market share has been maintained with customer focus, a strong Internet development strategy, and the application of financial technology to upgrade smart marketing services.
RTW, enhance service experience and enhance customer stickyness. 5) Businesses have grown robustly, and companies abs are ranked first in scale. According to the China Association of Securities and Investment Foundations, average monthly asset management according to statistics as of the second quarter of 2018.
At the end of the month, the South Fund managed assets of 778,627 million yuan, of which 5,011.51 billion yuan was the size of the public fund-raising assets. In the area of asset securitization operations, enterprises abs issued 37,061 million yuan in the first half of the year, with 620 million yuan in the industry line, increased steadily, working with Ali to speed up financial technology.
On August 2, 2018, the company increased by 14,208 million yuan. Ali and Suning joined forces to enter into a coupon, and the two sides may in the future collaborate strategically to help speed up the development of financial science and technology, build Internet wealth, manage the ecosystem, and consolidate the pre-existing advantages of the Internet.
Corporate brokering is at the forefront of the industry, the Internet continues to work, the wealth management transformation system is becoming more powerful, with $14.2 billion in fixed landings to build capital power and expand business space. We look forward to the company's lack of development prospects, combined with company fundamentals and valuations, and maintain a “recommended” rating, 2018/2019-2020.