In the first half of the year, the company achieved $8,216 million in operating income, a leader in wealth management, and continued to lead the industry. In the first half of 2018, stock-based transactions amounted to $7,58 trillion, ranking consecutively.
\triangleright Industry’s top priority is the “Growing Treasures” average monthly activity of 6.3597 million, with the company’s Internet layout leading its colleagues for the third year in a row, facilitating both online and international operations, with clients ranked first in the industry.
First, the share of the stock-based trading market continues to run. The corporate model for wealth management development, with integrated financial services at its core, is market data: the advantages of 04/09 2018 are clear and it is expected that brokering will continue to lead the industry.
The number and value of the investments have been industry-led, with 35.08% growth, to industry-level III, with negative income growth in the context of a tight ipo environment.
Market value of liquiditya shares (billions): Asset management is second in the average monthly size industry, asset securitization abs is active, $3.760 billion is issued, industry is ranked first, and is expected to be a growth point in revenue from managed operations in the future.
Assetmark’s share in the market rises, Joatar King controls international operations. International operations generate $1.013 billion in revenue, \triangleright tamp’s 9.7% market share in the industry, ranking third. Linking the whole business chain to Walter King’s control.
In August 2018, the company deepened the hybrid ownership reform pilot. \triangleright
The programme, which was approved and successfully completed, raised more than $14 billion in equity, introduced strategic investors such as Alibaba and Sunin, and helped companies to build up net capital in a competitive environment, expand the size of their operations, further improve their competitiveness and resilience to risk, and provide security for future business development.
In the unfavourable market environment of the first half of the year, corporate performance leads, business performance reverses, income and profits \triangleright perform better than industry, and mixed + dynamic growth, institutional mechanisms are more flexible, and the lead will continue
Yearly Report Review: vanguard of the transformation of wealth management, Asset