In the first six months of 2018, it achieved $8,216 million in operating income, an increase of 1.23 per cent in the same year, and a net return to the mother of $3,159 million, an increase of 5.53 per cent in total assets.
Wealth management and financial science and technology continue to be the leading force. In the first half of 2018, the stock-base stock exchange was 758 trillion yuan, and the market share was the highest.
The share of mobile end-to-end transactions is steadily increasing and has become the main channel for client transactions. The wealth management business has achieved a total of $4,225 billion in total equity/flow (million shares)
One of the most advantageous businesses in securities is that they continue to grow steadily in the current environment, and are affected by the market, with their own operating income and share falling.
The revenue was $4.4 billion, a decrease of 97.39 per cent in the same year, 0.54 per cent in the same year and 43.27 per cent in the previous year, compared to the previous year. The international operations after the acquisition of the ensetmark went even further. As of the end of the first quarter of 2018, the share of theassetmark in the United States Tamp industry was in the market.
At the beginning of August, an announcement of the results of the release of stocks was issued in a private form to raise funds.
Gold, $14,208 million, Alibaba, Suning, etc. Foreclosures. Back-to-back with the Internet giants, the vanguards of Chinese securities in Internet finance are bound to become even more prominent, and financial technology can further consolidate the advantages of wealth management.
Investment recommendations: As a front-runner, Huatai securities continue to be a leader in many business areas, such as wealth management, and maintain a company’s “buy-in” rating.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report