Ali3.5 billion in shares, upgraded wealth management 04 0808 2018 Research Assistant Ma Xiangyun
In the securities industry, capital size is the core competitiveness in a well-regulated environment, with companies raising $14,208 million to significantly increase their income.
We expect future companies to rely on financial technology to improve the efficiency of their services to retail wealth management clients. In addition, we consider that the Securities Commission has previously published Stock Management for Securities Companies.
The Regulation (Consent Draft) clearly tightens stock regulation for bond dealers, and we judge that the future Internet giants will focus on entering the financial sector through technical services, actively working with traditional financial institutions. The management of wealth has always been a strategic thread, and customer resources + financial technology + offshore layouts form a closed circle: companies:
Strategic layout with wealth management at its core: 1) successful pre-issuing of Internet securities, significant lead in brokering (7.7%) and large client resources become firm core corporate advantages (more than 12 million clients and more than 2.7 trillion clients ' assets at the end of 2017) and
It has begun to deepen client hierarchies, and in the future, its performance is expected once the product end or service model breaks further; 2) it shapes the core competitiveness of financial science and technology, and the number of monthly active users reaches 6.04 million, and the number of active users develops intelligent investors, etc.; 3) it is a platform for foreign financing.
Assetmark was strongly expanded, aum grew by 31 per cent to $42.4 billion at the end of 2017, and new cooperation agreements were signed with over 900 independent investment advisers throughout the year (the best achievement in history).
With the traditional advantages of the Division's investment portfolio, which was ranked first in the industry in 2017 for M & As transactions, the future bank would be a significant growth point if it took advantage of the full business chain to boost equity and fixed-income finance operations, and would be established through the consolidation of corporate sales, transactions, research, pb, etc.
In addition, this year, the company, 1 January, " Huatai Securities: Annual Report 2017 " , showed a negative performance growth (a quarter increase of 43.07 per cent) due mainly to the change in Jiangsu Bank ' s shares at the end of 2017.
- Focusing on wealth management, accounting treatment of the assetmark strong investment (5.54 per cent shareholding), the net profit on the basis of equity will be proportionate to the company's current investment return (which was not measured in the third quarter of 2017).
II. “Warthai Securities: mid-2017”, Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: Changing Bonding Patterns, Increased Concentrations and A Stronger Trends - Net Profits Against Market Growth, Income Structures
At present, the pioneers are accelerating the creation of a core competitive advantage (intermediate forward growth elasticity of performance, continuous improvement) in the gold acquisition and co-production of the bond dealer wealth management flagship.
After East, we looked forward to the company's strategic vision, with wealth management at its core, taking into account the current valuation service,3 and the “Watterstone Securities: 26 billion fixed increases, contributing to investment returns: 3) financial regulation inhibits industrial innovation.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board