Material material q3 was repaired with a volume supplemental performance and q4 was expected to increase rapidly in value terms: (1) the company issued a three-quarterly report for 2020, which achieved operating income during the reporting period
99.41 billion yuan, or +19.52 per cent, and 1.95 billion yuan, or 5.62 per cent, of the net return to the mother.
1.10 (including taxes). 1. Three-quarter company surcharges, four-quarters of which are expected to rise substantially, during the pre- and post-spring periods, during which the market performance is strong and the company ' s performance is rising precipitously.
Total equity/flow period (millions of shares); second quarter outbreak of external epidemic, decline in exports of titanium powder, weak domestic demand, fast price total market value/flow (million yuan)
In the third quarter, with the gradual recovery of domestic and foreign demand, and supported by the cost of titanium powder up there, the industry price boom began, and the company ran twice on 12 July and 8 September, respectively.
The announcement of price hikes has led to the stabilization and stimulation of market sentiment, and has led to a three-dimensional comparison of three-dimensional thinking, which has led to an increase in the business climate. But it will take a few days for the market to hit the bottom of the market, three quarters of the country.
The market for titanium powder in gold is valued at $12610 per ton, compared to the average price of $136.81 per ton ring in the second quarter.
Barley: The second quarter is below expectations, is it a crisis or is it a machine?
Domestic demand has improved significantly; 3-quarter titanium powder exports, 32,67 million tons, ring-to-second quarter, 23.19 million dragon americs (002.01), 40.88% per cent per tonne. The company ' s chlorination method continues to release its second-phase capacity, and three-quarter titanium powder sales are higher.
Singley Dynamics Review: Continue to build up up 220,000 tons to add to the price, with a 35.4 per cent increase in the crop ring, while Māori rates, due to falling prices, are the cornerstones of the global titanium powder -- 2020/07/06
Starting in September, the gold-carbed titanium powder market also started to rebound as the industry boomed. In October, the average market price rebounded to $13532/t, the ring ratio went into the upscaling route, the volume of production sales increased, and the volume price increased the company’s profits quickly.
2. The epidemic has exacerbated the difficult financial situation of the international giants, whose financial situation in recent years has been very unsatisfied by domestic business shocks, such as python pelicans, high asset-liability rates and large depreciation amortizations.
Tenor’s net profits were – $52 million, – $170 million, –$97 million, all in a loss position. In the first half of 2020, as a result of the global epidemic, titanium powder prices fell, and overseas titanium powder production contracted.
Three, the company is expanding in reverse, accelerating its catch, growing into a global dragonhead, and now owns Henan Doo-yeon, Sichuan Deyang, twigs, Hubei Xiaoyang and Yunnan Chu.
The raw materials, such as titanium slag, synthetic gold and red, are refined to the whole chain pattern of products such as sulphate titanium, chlorinated titanium, sponge titanium, etc. The company produces 1.01 million tons of titanium per year, sponges, titanium per year, and is currently the number one Asia and third world in size.
The condensed strategy of the outer giants and the expansion of corporate reversibility will gradually build 200,000 tonnes of new chlorine powder capacity in Yunnan and Sichuan, respectively, and will become the global leader when it is completed.
White powder is the third largest in the world and is expected to grow into a global leader, and the advantages of industrial chain integration are evident, with new output releasing, profits rising, low-valued high scores and a “buy-in” rating maintained. q3 is expected to recover with a volume supplemental performance repair, and q4 is expected to grow at a rapid rate.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report