The bottom of the industry is recovering, corporate sales are on the rise.
The company is a large, inorganic and fine chemical group dedicated to the development and manufacture of titanium, fine powders. The group has now formed the Henan Fever, the Sichuan Deyang, the Twilight Flowers, the Lake North.
Many production bases, such as Xiangyang, Yunnan Xinjiang, and the main titanium, have recovered at the bottom of the industry landscape, with price increases leading to a sharp increase in the performance ring. External demand has remained marginal since June.
Improved exports of titanium powder (cumulatively over the previous September: +20.01 per cent, increasing by 3.1 pcts compared to the previous June), best sales of products in Asia and the Pacific, Latin America, North America, Europe, the Middle East and domestic small-scale plants with declining cash losses, overseas plant controls, accumulated stock bases since the beginning of the epidemic
Over 100 countries and regions in Africa. This digestion has been completed, with four to five rounds of domestic growth since mid-July, with an estimated average sales increase of about $1,000 per ton for the third quarter, and the firm’s full-scale rise in volume is the core of a significant increase in revenue relative to the average ring ratio.
Because of the 34.44% Māori rate in the three quarters of the company alone and the 3.5 percentage point decline in the ring, one half of the company's revenue comes from exports, and changes in the RMB exchange rate may have some negative impact; the cost of titanium mines have been subjected this year to very severe stress tests, higher supply and demand than titanium powder, without fear of cost.
In October, the titanium mine accumulated $340 per ton (after deducting value added tax), the price difference was exhausted, titanium powder increased in October, titanium continued to increase its price base in November, and continued to benefit a small number of titanium mines at a high level of 52 weeks of stock price range ($)
Industry changes have led to an accelerated rise in the number of leading markets. In the context of the high barriers to sulphuric acid and chlorination, the country’s titanium powder process route is at a turning point, and the overall barriers to industry are rising in the medium and long term in the future.
Trends, it can be expected that the share of the front line with the cost advantage of mature chlorination techniques will accelerate. Circulationb/h (millions) is the only country that can achieve full-process, large-scale and stable-production chlorination at the same time.
Industry, in the next few years, is expected to continue with the continued release of chlorinated properties at the Focal, New and Twilight Bases, with a strong product advantage for the country, a strong cost advantage for the overseas, and a high degree of certainty about the share of large overseas plants and small domestic plants, as well as the rise in the city’s share. In 2019, Commel, Tenor, Pandejo, Connor.
Since 2019, companies have been increasingly capitalizing, acquiring Yunnan Xinjiang, the Orientian industry, the Oriental industry, the Golden River titanium assets, and developing joint ventures with the Trenching Kingdom and the Steel City Group to extract the resources of the titanium mines on the one hand.
Processing-tetrachloride- titanium powder vertically integrated layouts, with a strong layout of sponge titanium extending to high-end titanium, and horizontally expanding to the associated small metal fine-processing field, leading to a clean run-off of raw materials. Considered very well for the company’s development in the titanium sector, where the supply side of the neck is the supply side of the material.
The process has a strong natural advantage in the production process of titanium ore, as well as of the intermediate material, titanium tetrachloride, which can be easily reduced in its output. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: long-term good-looking companies (i) grow into the world’s first titanium.
(ii) Extension to titanium feedstocks, titanium metals industries into global chains of titanium industries, (iii) to zirconium, (iii) to the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
The three-quarterly review of the arcades: the industry is recovering, the company's sales continue to be released, and Zhang Ming Qing has studied his research. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.