The increase in the income from titanium platinum and the fluctuations in the industry cycle influence profit performance - the tri-quarter review of the company's tri-quarter report in 2020 and its operating income of $9,941 million in the first three quarters of 2020.
This represents an increase of 19.52 per cent and a decrease of 5.62 per cent over the same period in the net return to mothers of $1.95 billion. In a single quarter, in 2020, titanium sales increased their income, titanium mine- titanium powder price fluctuations affected profits, and the company ' s 200,000 tons of chlorinated titanium was successfully put into production, while it successfully acquired Yunnan, the company ' s entire titanium.
In January-September of that year, our cumulative exports of titanium powder amounted to 8,895 million tons, an increase of 19.98% over the same year, and corporate titanium powder sales boosted income. The price of titanium powder fluctuated significantly in 2020, with the average price of titanium powder falling by 14.41% over the same period in January-September, but the average price of titanium ore market rose by the same amount.
16.98% resulted in a decline in the company ' s Māori ratio of 4.91 percentage points to 38.44% over the same period, and the company, thanks to its own titanium mine advantage, maintained a high level of profitability, but was affected by the volatility of the industry ' s cycle, resulting in a decline in profits.
The price of titanium powder was raised twice, while the third quarter sold about 230,000 tons of titanium powder, a new high in a single quarter, a continued titanium powder view, a company that continued to add code to the calcification system, a titanium industry that continued in October, and a company that again raised the price of titanium powder and titanium concentrate.
The grid has also risen to $1900 per ton, up from nearly three years, and the cost side supports the higher price of titanium powder, which will continue as exports continue to expand. The company continues to add coded chlorination to titanium, and the half million tons of titanium concentrate integrated use project will bring about the national production of the titanium-platinum raw materials for chlorination in Yunnan.
• We're a leading business in the transformation and upgrading of the titanium industry, which maintains a “strongly recommended” rating, and which is leading the country in the production of titanium titanium chloride, which will form 600,000 tons in the future.
The production capacity of titanium sulphate + 600,000 tons of titanium chloride is higher than that of the international titanium powder shoulder, while the metal titanium industry, based on the advantage of the entire industry chain, will become the global titanium giant.
Persistence performance in the first quarter of a dragon python, non-public distribution of aid for long-term development, 2020-04-23, World Trench in Rise, 2020-03-03
Three-quarters performance forecast is over-expected. Watch titanium powder.