\triangleright returns 425 million yuan per quarter / + 73.46 per cent and net returns 249 million yuan/+68.24 per cent.
The product plus channel is also driven, and the core product is fast-growing. Sub-products: The year-round high-speed system generates $1,046 million/+133.84 per cent of the main solution product, including Bonida and Bainida, with long-acting urinary acid.
gel products, including angels, yield revenues of $385 million/+52.80 per cent of the current ratio of 70 per cent.
The profits are high, internal R & D + external expansion continues. The company’s year-round sales of M & A are fast-tracked.
Ameris reported in the semi-annual 2021: high-growth performance, resource support, and increased research and development inputs and salaries of employees. Cost situation: high annual growth in R & D costs, high growth and sustained certification of high growth
3. Emeritus 2021 Quarterly Report: q1 net return to the mother increased by nearly 300 per cent, with a high sales cost of 11 per cent/+1 pct, mainly due to increased sales pay and sales promotion costs;
Management costs are 4%/-2pc. Companies now accumulate 45 patents, 25 of which are inventions.
The growth logic behind the dragons buys Korea huonsbiopharmaco., ltd.25.42% of the shares, which, on the one hand, favours the shape of existing products.
Synergy, on the other hand, facilitates the gradual expansion of overseas markets; at the same time, Beijing ' s Norbert and Beijing ' s melting volumes have led to a year-long increase in performance, with a broad outlook for multi-line layout, knowing that living life has been transformed from 49 per cent to 100 per cent of the company ' s fully-owned subsidiaries; and used for adult shallow skin surgery.
In October 2021, a clinical batch was obtained for a local anaesthesia of the whole skin. Investment proposal: the company has worked deep in the beauty industry for many years, and the urinary acid + acupuncture + plant-line product matrix \triangleright
Rich, well-established channels, high-quality and efficient training systems that drive continuous release; continuous research and development innovation, with the growth of the interface of products such as botox + li La Rupe, the company is expected to continue to draw on its forward-looking product layout and license advantages \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.