The year-round performance of beauty-care medical beauty has grown, and the new matrix has been well-developed for the future.
The main reasons for the high performance growth are: (a) the clear strategic profile of the company as the leading firm in the domestic medical and aesthetic sector, and the continued competitiveness of the product, as well as the growing brand influence based on product advantage, which has led to the overall growth of the firm ' s business. (b) The firm ' s product matrix is enriched and, at the same time, the firm ' s product matrix is enriched.
The range and depth of customers covered by the company ' s marketing services network have further increased, leading to growth in corporate sales.3 The scale effect has increased as the company ' s sales and production have grown, and the outlook is 22 years, with the pavilion products expected to continue to grow, and the high speed of the high body lines will remain high.
The base and growth capacity, the readiness of other products, the company as the leader of the country ' s medical and aesthetic industry, the total equity/flow (millions of shares) is based on a rich product matrix to drive overall business growth, and branding and access are deepening.
In terms of "Performance Supermarket Prediction" (300896), it was approved in June 21 and marketed in July 21 for sale.
Quick Development of Medical Dragonheads -- good feedback from payers, with daytime roll-out to cover the area of corporate injection products by ha note 2021/04/27
The expansion of the radiation agent to a gelatin injection is a completely new type of injectable product with a differentiated product, Emerika (300896), with the advantage of a single quarter of 20q3, which further enriches the corporate product matrix, has performed well during the 21-year extension period and is expected to be available in the future.
High profit growth, post-massive surges, rising contribution; "Hi" product line, continued penetration of the benefited neck-circle treatment, growing kinetic energy -- 2020/10/27.
The company has not come to a full product matrix, which is expected to further support high growth over the next three to five years. The company, which has been working on transparent acids and on medical soft tissues for years, is expected to enjoy research and development in the long term.
Strength brings high competitive barriers + industrial growth dividends + product replacement needs.
The Pacific Securities Corporation Ltd. is qualified for securities investment consultancy and has portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold the position of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
These companies provide or seek to provide investment banking services.