:: Events: the company published its annual report for 2021, which achieved income of $1,448 million, equal to gain in the reporting period
The full-scale variable product matrix drives rapid growth in performance. The company’s product lines increased completely \triangleright in 2021, with the solution injection product generating business income of $1,046 million, which is the same increase.
The continued extension of product lines and the continuous penetration of panda needles, consumer resistance to ageing, young skins, demand for chemical products, and high growth of corporate products.
$385 million, with an increase of 52.80 per cent, is the main driving force behind the growth in income from the gel business. In addition, benefiting from the industrialization of the pddo-faced wire production, the new market for the company's face-planting line opened up further in 2021, with a revenue of $0.05 billion a year.
In 2021, the company ' s Māori ratio rose by 1.89 pct to 93.7%, mainly in terms of the safety and effectiveness of the company ' s products, increased brand influence and increased profitability.
In addition to the scale effect, corporate governance, R & D cost rates are reduced by 1.66 pct, 1.65 pct to 2021. In aggregate, net interest rate increases for firms are going hand in hand with research and development innovation and channel construction to build firm ' s long-term competitive advantage in R & D.
In 2021, the company continued to maintain high R & D inputs, with an increase of 65.54 per cent over the year, and the new core product, "By day", was approved in June 2021 and commercialized in the second half of the year.
The city is expected to see accelerated penetration. In addition, companies continue to promote both internal and external R & D cooperation and are increasingly rich in product lines in order to improve long-term competitiveness.
In terms of channels, the differentiated business model, “direct marketing is dominated and distribution is supported”, has a high innovation rate of 2021.10. Companies have enhanced b-service education and c-end sales transformation through direct marketing.
The company's marketing network has been further improved by the high growth of Hi Panda Panda needles, tariff optimization and net learning poles, which has helped to promote new products efficiently and quickly.
The medical industry continues to have a high profile, companies make a smooth market during the day, and the product matrix will continue to be rich \triangleright Sinda S.A.
We've been looking forward to the company's focus on innovation in research and development, and we've been working on the strategic layout.
The company will continue to consolidate its niche, expand its market share and maintain its “buy-in” rating, in addition to a differentiated channel model and a well-developed marketing layout.
Risk factors: risk of changes in industrial policy, risk of product R & D and registration, market competition, risk of product safety, etc. Li Ying, Master of Financial Studies in the consumer goods industry, four years ' experience in the trade of Sunda securities, 2020 in the textile light industry, etc.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.