2021: slightly over-expected performance, high heights continue to rise, steady release during the day, Zhang Jiaxuan.
▪ Hi-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy-Cy.
Treatment penetration, brand enhancement and repurchase continue, and we believe that high-growth system products are expected to continue. 2) The gel injection product (a daytime drive, Bonida, Yienmi plus one, Love Fry and Emmy) achieves $385 million in revenue, an increase of 52.80 per cent compared to the previous year, with 27 per cent of the revenue.
Because of the significant increase in demand for anti-old age and the rejuvenation of the skin, there has been a much larger increase in the high body-centred solution injection product, and we believe that the continuation of this trend will contribute to the longer life cycle of the high body product.
In June 2021, the product was put on the market during the day, and in the early days of the market it needed to be trained and authorized by doctors, and in the second half of 2021 it was in a steady roll-out phase.
The scale of sales and production continues to expand rapidly, and the scale effects are further evident, with reduced management costs in 2021, a possible increase in outreach activities during daylight days in 2022, etc., and we estimate that the cost of sales will increase further in 2022; we anticipate that as many products are being developed and developed.
The cost of R & D has increased accordingly; but corporate profitability is still expected to remain high overall. The Department’s collaboration with Huonsbio in Korea is a type of botulinum toxin, new adaptive urea gel, Lila Lupin injection fluid, second-generation facial implants, transparent acid enzymes, deoxychotic drugs (lipid needles)
As the product progresses well, the rich product lines will continue to strengthen the company’s role as light doctor’s leader, and it is hoped that the future will boost the company’s performance in a sustained and high way.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: considering the continued high-growth of the high-growth, high-volume-distribution factors, we anticipate performance: net profit and profit from non-return and performance forecast: net profit from non-return and profit from non-return.
3 Emeritus (300896); 2021 III Quarterly Review: slightly over-expected performance, 3 new product “Back day to make” listings go well.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board