Wei Hongmei's gross operating income increased by $425 million, and the income of the season was again high, rising by 73.48 per cent, and q3
Consumer demand to counter ageing and rejuvenation of the skin is growing, with high body-centred solutions, industry dividends + product advantages + policy regulation, which are driven by multiple factors to increase corporate performance. (1) As the society grows, economic growth and medical technology matures, consumer capacity and consumer willingness rises.
There has been an increase in the acceptance and recognition of medical beauty, and a rapid development of the pharmaceutical industry, both for consumption and for medical attributes. (2) The company differs in its layout products, has a large amount of products such as urinary acid, plant wires, etc. that meet the needs of different consumers.
The only ii-type medical device approved through the Nmpa for targeted treatment of neck strips, maintained an exclusive advantage in 2021, and hot sales led to a rapid growth in corporate performance. In addition, the company “silenced” its children with urinary acid, immediate filling and non-resolved advantages, technologically far beyond the market.
The needle products; the daytime drive, under the doctor's injection license system and a well-developed marketing network, were rapidly infiltrated throughout the country. (3) In 2021, the State launched the Anti-Illicit Medical Beauty Service.
In the long run, the fight against black medicine can help to regularize the operation of medical beauty services, and leading health service providers will be given more market opportunities, with a further increase in market share.
In 2021, the company continued to guarantee investment in research and innovation, accounting for 7.07 per cent of business income in 2021 and the same amount of investment in research and development.
The increase is 65.54%. In addition to the coronary needles, the carbotoxin a was used to remove dynamic wrinkles has entered the bed iii phase, the lilalupine injection fluid for chronic weight management has completed the clinical i phase, and the partially anaesthetic lysic ditin carbs for the whole skin have been made available prior to the shallow skin surgery.
Bed batches. From the outside, the company is also developing medically modified and transparent sodium acid gels with polyvinyl gel microballs for the treatment of epidemiol, second-generation surface implants for soft tissue upgrades, transparent injectable acid enzymes for dissolving the subcutaneous injection of transparent acids, etc.
Investment proposals: The company focuses on medical beauty products, which are domestic needle taps for boulina injection, and enjoys a medical bonus. The company’s medical beauty line is becoming rich, and the innovation of new paint needles is evident, promising to become a new generation of star products; it will enter the weight management market in the future, with high growth rates.
The rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have either a qualification or a considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association to offer securities investment advice, and I am available independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.