Star products drive performance growth, and the advantage of scale increases profitability 940 million yuan in operating cash flows, an increase of 121.4 per cent over the same period; 21q4 returns 430 million yuan in the first quarter.
About 72% of the same year, the net profit from the return to the mother increased by 66.7% of the same year, and about 240 million after the deduction. Quarterly averages for the company 21q3/q4 income of $390 million and $430 million, respectively, and the same rate of increase for the different sku-diverse layouts, which meet the needs of the segmented markets, and the effects of scale continue to be reflected in a single-quarter gross.
The production of heterogeneous product matrix drives performance growth, and the channels mature to support market diffusion. The corporate product matrix is rich and heterogeneous to meet the needs of consumers. The star product "hide" continues to be released, with a single neck tattoo filled with the market; and the heavy weight of the new paint needle "shows" to fill and regenerate in 2021.
With the approval of the market in June, we expect to maintain the current growth rate in the future, and to “make” the potential to become a new blast in the daytime and achieve rapid release. Companies have a mature marketing team that promotes it through various channels to industry doctors, health-care operators, and consumers. By the end of 2021,
The company has 236 sales and market personnel, covering about 5,000 medical and beauty services in 31 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions of the country. Specialized marketing teams and mature market channels help promote the products of companies.
Forty-five patents, 25 of them; in addition, companies continue to promote mergers and acquisitions of Korean huonsbio. In the future, they are expected to expand a type of botulinum toxin product line to enrich product patterns. The company’s heavy-pound product layout is clear in 3-5 years, while increasing its research and development capacity to lay the foundation for long-term development.
Emmett (300896): Performance growth is higher than expected, heavy profit forecasts: future company boom products are expected to maintain high income growth, high income growth derived from Hives, high volume growth in pound products (2021-02-09).
The products "Panda needles" and "Scope needles" have the potential to become large monolithic products, which will be rapidly extended to public customers (300896); they will tap into market demand and be pioneers in the medical industry (2021-01-13).
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.