In a context of tight regulation, the demand for health care has not diminished, and the high-speed system has accelerated its penetration. Since June 2021, the health sector has been regulated more frequently and more vigorously than ever before, contributing to the long-term orderly health of the industry as a whole.
For upstream pharmaceutical service providers, the approval process is now progressing well, with strict regulation providing more space for compliant products to replace non-formal products. According to the latest data on new oxygen, the overall size of the medical and American industry reached $18,4.6 billion in 2021, a high increase of 20 per cent over the same period, with 18.13 million medical and American users, an increase of 19.27 per cent over the same period.
The view is still high. Look at the Emmets: 1) The system: The fully competitive market for urinary acid is more disaggregated and diversified, with the company's panda needles and neck pins targeting black eye circles and the neck strip market placing 17.05% and 8.87% of the demand list for urinate, respectively, at the second and third levels of the list of demand for urinary acid, corresponding to the market terminal sizes, respectively.
Liu Wenzheng 13.37 and 2.057 million yuan, with a wide space and based on high body prices and end-sales, is expected to be on the rise throughout the year as water recharge, white and white needles in the category of water, but the water light product is currently confused.
D: The market recognition for bone-based urinate fillers has gradually increased and is expected to double throughout the year.
\triangleright high growth, high growth is continuously certified during the day. \nmpa class iii devices have been approved since June 21 and opened fast since the start of the market in August.
2. Emeritus 2021 Quarter Report.
At the same time, the company has trained doctors through the establishment of a license system for medical license plates.
"The logic of growth behind the dragon" 4. "America" (300896), 2020: "Hi, in the middle of the day, 251 doctors have been authorized to cover 50 cities across the country, mainly in the first line of cities."
We believe that during the day, the future will be deeply infiltrated through regenerative education + the replacement of water products + part of the urinary acid. In addition, compliance is now in place.
5. Emeritus Dynamics Report: Only three regenerative products of the "gold track" of the era, with a good competitive pattern, are expected to grow in 2022, based on models and pipelines.
The investment proposal is: a rich matrix of bouria+coupled needles+cavated line products, high-quality and efficient channels plus training systems, which promote continuous release; and products such as botulinum+line products+Liralupe, which are growing rapidly, hopefully with their pre-existing capacity.
In addition, the q4 quarter bonus confirms that the acquisition costs and the \triangleright methodology and analytical logic lead to conclusions, that the present report is presented independently and objectively, and that it is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.