Performance forecasts meet expectations, with high performance growth throughout the year The Emmett (300896.sz) event: the company announced a performance forecast for 2021, which is expected to return to the mother ' s net profit of $900-1 billion in 21 years, with the same increase
Xiao Fei expects products like Hives, Panda needles to continue to have a high climate, angel needles to contribute new amounts, higher incomes, and higher periods of increase. The industry will be consumed below the end line in the second half of the year by the epidemic, but will benefit from tighter regulation.
With the rise in the share of successful, formal and high-quality flagship products, we expect the company to continue to grow at a higher end, mainly because: 1) Hi, Panda needles, etc., have become an important institutional extension product, Lee.
(c) Bonida products benefit from long-acting anti-cancer product market heat;
21q4 performance centres meet expectations and the impact of non-recurring gains and losses diminishes. Company 21q4 performance ends, as domestic medical champions, enhances product and brand power with a clear product strategy; 2) products
The matrix is constantly enriched with a greater range and depth of clients; 3) scale effects are further enhanced and profitability is enhanced. In addition, the company expects a non-recurring gain or loss of $50 million over the 21-year period, of which needles are expected to be the next blast during the day, with multi-product layouts ready for the future.
Sullivan, in 2020, the company ' s transparent sodium acid injection product was marketed at a volume rate of 30,896.sz. Emmett (300,896.sz): 27.2 per cent in the medical and aesthetic sector came first, with a market share of 14.3 per cent in monetary terms in the top three, accompanied by highs, pandas and pandas.
Dragon poles, flying by industry, needles are high, and are expected to increase their share even further. In the second half of the year, the company started making needles during the day, and the regenerative product became an anti-degenerative show.
Emmett (300896.sz): It is hoped that in the future, the product lines will take up their share of the market. At the same time, the company actively distributes the meat and poisons, the money huonsbio shares, and the power to join forces.
Toxics (Clinical Test Three) and Lilalupe Injecting fluid (Clinical Trial One) products, conspiracy to develop 2021.06 open up forward growing ceilings. In general, the company has a rich stock of products and insists on selling them directly.
Emmett (300896.sz): The marketing model that has been sold as an aid is expected to continue to take the lead in a rapidly growing medical market. Panda needles are growing and cost is continuing to improve.
\triangleright Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: Product Terminals such as company-focused high-yielding products, panda needles, Bonida, etc.
Good feedback continues to be high, needle products are actively promoted during the day, product matrices are constantly running.
High-speed growth and a rich future stock of products, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
\triangleright Li , Master of Finance, University of Makan, four years of research experience in the consumer goods industry, joined the Sindam securities industry in 2020 and engaged in cosmetics & medical beauty parts that have not been, have not been, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly, linked to the specific analytical or opinion in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.