The profit end is warming up and the incentive program is being released to show the company's confidence.
The impact of the \triangleright situation is that the overall budget tightening of financial institutions' int budgets has resulted in reduced customer demand, increased market competition and a marked longer cycle of customer procurement processes (including project setting, decision-making, and receiving and inspection).
Proactively optimizes the business structure and strategically shrinks some of the non-core operations. The company’s profits have recovered significantly, mainly to benefit from strong corporate control at the cost side, sales/management/research and development costs of company 2025h1 have grown steadily in comparison to the basestone business, and regional operations in Hong Kong, China have opened up new opportunities.
Business progress: Brokering, new generation core product uf 3.0 signed the multi-principals project and completed the multi-principals company Poc test. 2) Management of business progress in S & T services: investment transactions
In the area of investment management, a new generation of core products (fc) has been successfully landed in the bank, voucher dealer sdp counter, leading to a breakthrough in top financial institutions.
Hong Kong, China’s capital market is active and more innovative, and is expected to be in the second half of the year.
Q: q3 profits are bright, waiting to be put to active lead, and the cloud business will pick up. Goldnet algorithm products are signed by a number of new clients. Synchronize the employee equity & stock options program to show corporate confidence.
Review: short-term performance pressure, issuance of equity incentives anchoring the long-term stock options plan & employee holding plan, of which 1) stock options plan: proposed to be awarded to 215.9 staff members; 2) staff ownership plan: proposed acquisition of up to 1.267.5 million shares
Performance growth has slowed, with an expectation that the ai and the letter creation will generate incremental demand The shareholding plan involves no more than 99 employees, including the chairman and general manager.
Review: Grow resilience, release of financial model hugs, wave - 2023/10/27: significant growth in performance, release of premium term incentives
As a result of the upward trend and the growing interest of the ai in financial institutions, we believe that the company, as the leader of its portfolio, is expected to continue to warm, and that there is still room for improvement in the company's current valuation, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.