During the reporting period, companies achieved a net return on profits, financial and technological inputs were divided and regulatoryly oriented improvements were made. In the first half of the year, the securities industry had improved efficiency.
No change. But under the pressure of cost reduction and differentiation, the agency's budget is strained as a whole, its tail is shrunk in technology, and head financial institutions are increasing their investment in research, compliance, and numerical intelligence. Meanwhile, Kim's message is moving into the deep water zone, and large model technologies are falling fast, and industry continues to provide service to suppliers.
In the first half of 2025, companies achieved a gross operating income of 2,426 million yuan, with a long-term impact. At the profit end, the return on fair value changes significantly improved against the investment returns of associated firms, and in 2025, H1 achieved a net return of 261 million yuan, compared with 771.57 per cent, excluding non-mortality.
The net operating cash flow of $901 million is indicative of the company’s efforts in cost control. In addition, R & D costs of $1,036 million, representing the total market value/flow (millions) of revenues.
The proportion, 42.71 per cent, remains high, focusing on large models and self-researching the photonai intermediate platform, is already on the ground in terms of investment, compliance, and investment, combined with the optimization of national productivity, promoting internal strategies for “students” and improving R & D and delivery efficiency.
A new generation of core products is moving forward, with a number of intellectual transformations showing results. At the operational level, companies have been very effective in wealth and technology services, management and management of science and technology services, operations and institutions, and risk and platform science and technology services < < < < < > > , and equity incentives for development.
< <q2 Increase in income, control fees to support profit performance. Data services collect $171 million, compared to +2.13 pct. Innovation boards collect $232 million, a decrease in the same year, but in the first half of the year, the central product of the cloud helped Hong Kong customers.
"News release consolidates the financial ai's lead, families complete the upgrade of the core trading settlement system, build the pole case, benefit from the active capital market in Hong Kong, stock buy-backs show confidence in future development."
There are more innovations and it is expected that the cloud business will pick up in the second half of the year. During the reporting period, the company’s uf3.0 new core system accelerated its deployment in areas such as pensions, wealth trusts, etc., with the 045 investment trading system receiving a large number of securities, insurance management, trust customer winnings, aidb data products and the warrenq exposure.
Equity incentives are combined and talent-driven. Companies are constantly improving their talent development systems and incentive mechanisms, and long-term equity incentives are being implemented. The number of shares to be awarded in 2025 is 1512.5.
The introduction of high-end talent to ensure that organizations are flexible in responding to client demand and market changes, and provide solid guarantees for technological innovation and long-term development. Investment advice: E-business is a leader in domestic financial technology, industry is strong, and research and development is high.
In combination with its leading edge in the core of securities, ta systems, data services, etc., we expect companies to continue to benefit.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., 926 China Square, Beijing Road, Kunming City, Yunnan Province, 31st floor.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “My Company” or “Pacific Securities”) has a Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
If you are not a Pacific Portfolio Partner, please cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report: Pacific Securities will not
In any case, the information in this report or the opinions expressed in this report does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors are free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, sharing the returns on securities or sharing the losses of securities investments in any form.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.