Under pressure from the price hike of raw materials, the q3 Māori rate has fallen further.
Incidents: Lithium 100 million latitudes published three-quarter reports in 2021, raised $11,448 million in the first three quarters of 2021, reduced the q3 Māori ratio further under pressure from the price hikes in raw materials.
The power cell business is growing fast, and the battery consumption is robust. The company is a leading domestic soft-packing pole, with a minimum price in December, working with a number of well-known domestic and international car companies, including Daimler, which has been released since the beginning of the year with new production capacity.
In addition to commercial vehicles, q4 is expected to enter the area of military utility vehicles, with major customer focus projects in the area of communications and wind storage energy, which are expected to release large additional lithium productions next year. Lithium primary battery products are sold on a stable scale in the country for many years.
First, this year, the market has been seized even further in the fields of smart meters, smart security. The new market has focused on such disaggregated areas as medical devices, electronic applications for cars, and smart homes, and reserves the power of growth.
The cells have successfully entered the high-end customer market for electric tools and two-wheeled cars. Up-scaling the industrial chain, stabilizing the supply of raw materials and increasing cost competitiveness.
A joint venture with Defonami to produce 100,000 tons of iron phosphate and lithium per year, and a recent joint venture with Entje to produce 1.6 billion lithium diaphragms per year and their matching coatings: a proposed joint venture with China Electric to produce 100,000 tons of negative polar material per year: a bid to compete for lithium Xinghua
It is expected that production will continue in the second half of next year. Investment proposals: maintain recommended ratings. Corporate technology lines and product lines are well developed, in the battery sector, leading the industry, growing production capacity steadily, and full access to networking and the rapid growth of new energy sources is expected.
The rating system’s “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association, and I have a hard-working, professional attitude and an independent and objective presence.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.