The company recently issued two announcements on the power storage battery project: on November 5, a company announcement signed a Strategic Investment with the City of Qingmen.
On 28 October, the company announced the signing of the Strategic Cooperation Framework Agreement with the Chengdu Regulatory Commission, actively expanding power storage battery capacity and competing for a new energy high-profile track. The company announced that it would benefit from the dynamic development of the new energy automobile industry, taking into account the reality of the company ' s power storage battery project and the development plan for its future operations. On 4 November, the company signed a Strategic Investment with the Municipality of Qingmen.
Under the capital agreement, the company and its subsidiaries plan to complete a capital investment of $30,521 million in the city of Qingmen, raise some 3,000 acres of land, build a gate power storage battery garden with an annual output of 152,61gwh, and the municipality of Qingmen will provide the necessary support and assistance for the construction of a gate power storage battery park and the introduction of a lithium ion power storage battery package.
Building on the influence of the new energy industry, the company has introduced the lithium ion power storage battery appliance industry in Qingmen City to achieve a stable supply of raw materials. On October 28, the company announced that it had signed a Strategic Cooperation Framework Agreement with the Executive Council for the Lithium 50 gwh power storage battery project.
The Chengdu Regulatory Commission has set aside about 400 acres of land for projects in the Southern Zone of Chengdu for the construction of companies. The company has a well-established technical route and product line, has power storage and consumer battery operations, and has a leading position in the battery sector. The layout of the power storage cells, the operating plate, will further improve the industrial layout of the company, promote the company ' s development in the lithium ion power cell market, and upgrade the company.
The power storage battery business will continue to grow rapidly as capacity continues to be released. Corporate power cells have grown significantly since the beginning of the year as new capacity is released.
In the first three quarters, 11,448 million yuan was collected, representing an increase of 114.39 per cent over the previous three quarters, resulting in a net profit of 2,216 million yuan for the mother, an increase of 134.18 per cent over the previous three quarters. Of this amount, power cells generated $6.7 billion, or about 60 per cent. In the case of power storage batteries, q4 is expected to enter the workforce officially, in addition to commercial vehicles, and in the area of communications and wind storage, it is expected that there will be a number of major customer focus projects in the area of 5g communications and wind storage, and that larger additional capacity will be released next year.
Upward extension of the industrial chain to stabilize the supply of raw materials and improve cost competitiveness. The company’s layout has been moving uphill since this year. At the beginning of the year, the Division and Defonami established a joint venture with a company producing 100,000 tons of phosphate per year of lithium; a recent joint venture with Entje produced 1.6 billion titanium diaphragms per year and a matching coating film; a joint venture with China Electric is proposed to produce 100,000 tons of negative polar material per year; and a competition to compete for lithium salt from Hinghua is 35.29 per cent.
Investment proposals: maintain recommended ratings. Corporate capacity is steadily expanding, promising full access to new energy rapid development opportunities. 2021-2023 is expected to be 300 index depths for the rating system’s “market index” reference point.
This report is presented independently and objectively and to the extent that you know it. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.