The revenue base has grown steadily, and the performance of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre is in line with expectations of $1 billion, an increase of $151.91 per cent, or $1.17 per cent, over the same period.
Lithium primary batteries maintain a high Māori rate. The company is the global lithium primary battery tap, with a business income of $850 million in 2021, an increase of 32 per cent, and a Māori 350 million, with a Māori rate of 41 per cent. Lower lithium primary battery demand is stable, and the development of the policy-catalyzed smart metering industry will continue.
We have a low market share of smart gas meters, smart water meters, smart heat meters, and a vast future of development space. Power cell operations are growing exponentially, with downstream highs and demand multiplying. The company is a global powered lithium.
One of the major battery suppliers, H1 ' s lithium battery business in 2021, generated revenues of $3.89 billion, 186% more than the previous year, a Māori GDP of $1.31 billion and a Māori ratio of nearly 23%. In 2021, H1 ' s global new energy vehicle accumulated sales of 2.41 million vehicles, an increase of 170% over the same period.
The company’s customers are of high quality. The company's deep-seated offshore customers, Dymler, modern Kia, Jaguar, and so on, and it's entering.
Small digital devices like smart-to-use devices, smart sound, etc. are gradually becoming one of the fastest growing areas of information consumption, with companies nurturing.
The “gold bean” battery, which is designed to meet the needs of markets such as those that can be worn, has been successfully extended to tws applications, with huge market space. The miniaturization, lightening, and unlined use of electric tools is also becoming a trend in the future, as traditional producers, such as lig, stagnate their production capacity, and the supply of their lithium batteries is in short supply, and companies are taking the opportunity to upgrade them.
On October 1, the company issued a bulletin on the implementation of equity incentives in subsidiaries, targeting the management of power cell blocks, R & D personnel, business cadres, etc., with a total incentive of no more than 5% of the total value of the billions of latitudes.
The power cell business, as equity incentives advance, is expected to continue this year’s high-speed, high-quality offshore customers (2021-08-27) profitability predictions and investment proposals. The company’s lithium ion battery business will continue to grow at a high rate, while new production capacity will continue.
We keep the “buy-in” rating. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific recommendations or opinions in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.