Power cell expansion, equity incentive program, November 08, 2021, Nguyen Xiaoyan.
▪ Events: 1) Investment of $30,521 million in the construction of the gate power storage battery industry with an annual output of 152.61gwh, Park Project 2), proposed to invest in the construction of a 20gwh by car large cylinder battery production line and ancillary facilities project, 16gwh rectangular lithium phosphate battery production line and ancillary facilities project in the high-rise area of Qingmen
Total fixed-asset investment is estimated at $6.2 billion. 3) Re-incentives for 1639 persons, mainly mid-level and core cadres, with wide coverage, 17.6 million restricted shares are planned, over 240gwh of power cell future capacity planning and accelerated upstream supply chain integration.
30,521 million yuan, about 3,000 acres of land for the construction of a gate power storage battery with an annual output of 152.61 gwh Industrial Park Project (Strategic Investment in Million Dollars), a new energy power storage battery park with annual output of 104.5gwh), which is progressing well.
In addition, the company plans to invest in the construction of an annual 50gwh power storage battery project in Chengdu (20gwh, 2x30gwh), super-package of 10gwh+ iron lithium planning 20gwh (scheduled 16gwh), and joint venture with Linyang 10gwh capacity.
The company's strategic approach is clear, with the announcement of a joint venture with Huatomo, Devon, Bettray, New Zeus, Daehua Chemical, Engjee and others on strategic deployment nickel, electrolyte, lithium, high nickel, lithium sources, diaphragms, etc., to build up a 100,000-dollar project with China Electric in the near future.
Tons of negative arctic capacity, construction in two phases, 40% of corporate holdings, improved supply chain management, quality, stable upstream material supply will guarantee the full expansion of the company, and we expect that by the end of the end of the 22nd supply chain integration will be evident in the increase in cost advantages.
• The company re-incentives programme, with rising revenue targets. The company's current incentive scheme is awarded a million dollars, and the q4 income ring is at least equal over the next three years. The revenue target is 60% higher each year, and the output of power batteries is expected to exceed 12-13gwh, 24gwh, 42gwh, 75gwh+.
The Program further defined the long-term objectives of the company, reflecting management confidence, deep binding of the company core, 1 Billions of Lithium Energy (300014): 3-quarter review 2021: Profits.
Upstream supply chain integration acceleration  Investment proposal: We maintain the previous profit forecast and expect to return to the parent net profit in 2021-2023.
"Step up." 2021-08-27. "Upward lithium resource, plus code integration for the rise of a power-powered battery star." 2021-07-
Incidents: 1) Investment of $30,521 million in the construction of a gate power storage battery garden with an annual output of 152,61gwh) to invest in the construction of a 20gwh by car large cylinder battery production line and ancillary facilities project in the high-rise area of the Qingmen. 3) Re-incentives for the promotion of 1639 persons, mainly mid-level and core cadres, with broad coverage,
RMB, about 3,000 acres of land for the construction of a gate power storage battery industrial park with an annual output of 152.61 gwh (Strategic Investment Agreement (SIR) for the new energy power storage battery park of 104.5 gwh, and Strategic Investment Agreement (SIR) for the 30gwh power storage battery of 30 gwh).
In addition, the company plans to invest in the construction of 50 gwh power storage batteries per year in Chengdu (20gwhi, 2x30gwh) with 10 gwh plus the plan for 10 gwh in the soft bag of the Hue State base.
20gwh (part II of the 16gwh provisional) and 10gwh production capacity jointly with Linyang, with company capacity planning exceeding 240gwh. Corporate strategic thinking is clear, with announcement of cooperative action with HWAY, German, Betre, New Zeus, DSW, Entje, strategic nickel, electrolyte, lithium, high nickel, lithium resources, diaphragms, etc., with a proposed joint venture with China Electric in the near future.
Companies, investing $2.5 billion to build 100,000 tons of negative and extreme capacity, building in two stages, holding 40 per cent of their shares, and improving supply chain management, will guarantee the full expansion of the company ' s upstream supply of high-quality and stable materials, and we expect that the consolidation of the supply chain will be evident in the rise in cost advantages by the end of the 22nd year.
Table 1: Billion-latitude lithium power cell production planning (gwh) sets out a variety of technical routes, leading the company’s large cylinder technology. The company also has multiple technical routes, including rectangular lithium phosphate, three columns, three squares, and three-packs, and each product technology is recognized by a large customer.
Large cylinder batteries can increase their energy density by 25% + with a 15% reduction in production costs, and can be raised in a non-polar way, and the heating of the batteries can be stabilized, and it is expected to become an important technology route in the future. Overseas Tesla, Matsu, etc., has taken the lead in research and development, and we expect production to take place in the first half of the 22nd century; domestic companies are leading the industry in the layout of the cylinders, 2021.
With the production of 4680 and 4695 products and the approval of a downstream car company, the company planned 20gwhh cylinder capacity, and we expect to start production in 23 years, which will further enhance the competitiveness of the company. Deep binding of high-quality customers will support the company’s power cell business.
The supply of Dymler, modern, small beams, and two BMW fixed points, the European Dymler fixed points, and the addition of new domestic high-quality cars worth hundreds of millions of dollars. The 22-year capacity of the phosphate lithium battery will be released and will be released on a large scale in the areas of new energy buses, heavy cards, passenger cars, and storage energy.
The company’s re-incentives program, which continues to increase in income appraisal targets. The company’s 17.6 million-dollar incentive program further articulates the company’s long-term goals, reflects management confidence, and deeply binds the company’s core workforce for the long term.
The company has been accredited by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) and has an investment advisory committee on securities.