Three quarters of the net profit rises, polyurethane production expands in an orderly manner, basic chemicals and chemical products grow in the third quarter of 2025, and the net profit rises in the third quarter of 2025.
The sum of 53.32 billion yuan (+5.5 per cent of the year, ring + 11.5 per cent of the year), the sum of 3.03 billion yuan (+4.0 per cent of the year, ring + 0.2 per cent) and the net profit of 2.86 billion yuan (also for the sake of stable prices for some of the products).
Polyurethane plates are divided in demand and have an orderly expansion of production capacity. In the third quarter of 2025, the prices of polyurethane products were in shock for the third quarter of the year, the company ' s pure mdi/polymdi/tdi/soft bubbles were stable but the source of imported goods increased, and the polymer mdi was affected by cold and less than expected demand in the construction market.
Tdi is expected to add 700,000 tons of capacity in February 2026, and 330,000 tons in the second set of TSD projects are expected to be built this year.
In the third quarter of 2025, the company's petrochemical block collection moved down the entire price focus of the petrochemical products, with Shandong acetylene, n-butylene, mtbe, etc.
The same product is down, but the 1.2 million tonnes/year Ethylene II device has been operating steadily, the first phase of the ethane feed has been modified, and the cost of the material structure optimization aids has been reduced. The company hedged the price pressure by increasing its capacity utilization, with a significant increase in the ring sales of the plate, driving the rise in the ring collection ratio.
Quadrochemicals (600309.sh) - Second Quarter Non-Maternity Net Ring Uplifts, Cost Fine Chemicals and New Materials Blocks are sold fairly, supported by emerging demand. Third Quarter 2025 Quarter Queens Chemistry (600309.sh) - Performance Short-Term Pressure, PUR-EX.
65.65 million tonnes (ring ratio + 5%/ level). The plate has continued to grow steadily, and the business has deepened.
The Quadrochemicals (600309.sh) - Three Quarters of net profit from motherhood, new projects are moving steadily, end-of-optic level gaps, and vitamina whole-of-industry chains are moving into the field of nutritional health.
Productivity strategy support and demand-driven new energy industries and continued refinement of the high-value-added product matrix to lay the foundation for long-term growth. Investment proposal: Corporate polyurethane production can expand in an orderly manner, but demand for some polyurethane products is weak, petrochemicals are weak
In the third quarter of 2025, corporate co-opts increased by the same year. In the third quarter of 2025, Chinese chemistry achieved 53.32 billion yuan (+5.5 per cent of the year, ring + 11.5 per cent of the year), in the mother ' s net profit of 3.03 billion yuan (+4.0 per cent of the year, ring - 0.2 per cent) and in the non-mother ' s net profit of 2.86 billion yuan (+1.0 per cent of the year, ring - 10.9 per cent of the year).
(Same-0.3 ptt, Ring-0.7 ptt) The recovery in the Māori Ring ratio has benefited mainly from price stability in some products, and a small decline in the net interest rate ring has been affected in part by an increase in the financial cost ring. At the cost end, sales, management, R & D, and the +1.4 ptc), the increase in the cost ring is mainly due to an increase in the financial cost.
Figure 1: HDZ quarterly operating income (millions of yuan) Figure 2: HDZ quarterly net profit from mother (millions) Figure 3: HD Quarterly Māori rate, net interest rate
Figure 4: Quarterly sales, management, R & D, financial cost of HDW billions ( Rings - 1.1 per cent), yield/distribution of 11,565.5 million tonnes (Rs + 3 per cent/-2 per cent). Prices of polyurethane products in three quarters showed a shock pattern, with prices of pure mdi/polymdi/tdi/foam polyethers, respectively
1.83/1.52/47/0.8 million yuan per ton; of which pure mdi demand is generally stable but the source of imported goods is increasing, polymer mdi is affected by cold and less than expected demand in the construction market, tdi is supply-restricted due to force majeure and overhaul of some of the installations, and flexible polyethers benefit from stable household demand and growth in the automobile industry.
The project is expected to generate 700,000 additional capacity in the second quarter of 2026, and the second set of 330,000 tons of Tdi project is expected to be completed this year, at which time the capacity of mdi and tdi will reach 4.5 and 1.44 million tons, respectively.
Figure 6: Prices of pure mdi versus price differentials (M/T) Figure 7: Prices of tdi versus price differentials (M/T) Figure 9: Year-on-month ratio of production of refrigerators and freezers in China (%)
Fossil plate prices are under pressure and new production energy is increasing. In the third quarter of 2025, the company collected 24,390 million tons of petrochemical plate units for the steady operation of phase II of ethylene, one phase of ethylene feed re-engineering continued, and the material structure was optimized with lower costs. The company hedged the price pressure by balancing the production relationship, increasing capacity utilization, and the volume of plate sales.
In the third quarter of 2025, the company was fine compared to +5%/ level. The plate continued to grow steadily, and the Didi business deepened its global layout to enhance its resilience to risk.
The ms resins have been scaled up to fill high-end optical-level gaps in the country, and vitamina is integrated into the nutritional health sector. Supported by new-quality productivity strategies and demand for new energy industries, the high-addition product matrix continues to improve, laying the foundation for long-term growth.
Figure 12: Production and sales of fine chemicals and new material plates Investment proposals: Corporate polyurethane production capacity expanded in an orderly manner, but demand for some of the products of polyurethane was weak and the petrochemical industry was used by authors to ensure that the data used in the reports were from compliance channels; the logic of analysis was based on the author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author