On 24 October, a three-quarterly report was published by the Mandarin Chemical Institute in 2025, resulting in an increase in operating income of $14,258 million °tdi supply and a continuous increase in sales of petrochemical block products.
Polyurethane plates: production/distribution of the company ' s 25q3 polyurethane series 1.56 million tonnes/1.15 million tonnes, overall price trends, less volatility of pure mdi and polymer mdi, tdi and soft bubble polyether
Prices have risen considerably, pushing performance. More specifically, pure mdi, three quarters right. Polymermdi, three quarters cold, construction market demand less than expected, market averages around $15,200 per ton. Tdi, three quarters, partial installation force majeure, overhaul, etc.
Impacts, supply constraints, market averages around $14,700 per ton. With respect to flexible polyethers, demand in the domestic sector has stabilized for three quarters, the automobile industry has continued to grow, and the market price is around $8,000 per ton.
The project was completed in July 2025 and gradually released the incremental amount; Vanhua Fujimdi expanded its technology to a new 700,000 tonnes/year, expected to be completed in the second quarter of 2026.
+18.83 per cent/+15.13 per cent. Production and sales have increased significantly, with the effect of falling price differentials. 25q3, petrochemical plates are still in relative pressure, overall demand for petrochemical products is average and prices have declined mainly, with Shandong acrylic acids/Santoric acids/Santonylene esters/Npg hydrogenification methods
/Santung mtbe/Watdonlldpe level/Hawtungsten-Tungstyrea pvc average price equal to 6.83 per cent/- City, with increased production and sales of new capacity driven, with 250,000 tonnes/year ldpe device driven by a single drive in early 2025; company-involved joint venture to start construction in Fuzhou City, Fujian Province
A special polyolefin integration facility. The company ' s 1 million tonnes/year ethylene phase 1 device was suspended from work on 3 June for a five-month conversion cycle, with a steady increase in production and sale of plant raw materials from C1.
The conversion of the alkane to ethylene is a significant increase in profitability.
Ten thousand tons. The company's orderly advance in the construction and commissioning of Fujimdi and Fujimati's new installations, short-term performance pressure in the 3rd quarter, and the arrival of the new production capacity in the post-partum capacity of mdi/tdi will reach 41.544 million tons, further consolidating the advantages of scale, no.
In 2024, the Poe project, the Lemon formaldehyde and Derivatives project, the nylon 12 elastomers, mq resins have been put into production, and future lemon formaldehyde, vitamins, spices are produced.
The chain of business will be connected. The company’s three-pronged layout, with multiple projects being put in place, drives the company’s new materials to build at a slower pace than expected; The project approval process is not as fast as expected;
(a) The risk of significant fluctuations in the price of raw materials;
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.