Charleszhuang Cheong-woo, wanhuachemicalgroup (600309.ch) installation modification helps to increase profitability and self-research technology accelerates the transformation of results
The first set of ethylene devices is expected to reduce production costs significantly after their transformation. The company’s production-wide key link, in-depth propulsion, was optimized, and the cost of building it was extreme. The company’s second set of 1.2 million tons/year ethylene devices using ethylene, quartz oil blends has been successfully driven in 2025h1.
The first set of ethylene devices using propane feed is undergoing ethane feed modifications, which, when completed, will yield cost advantages and increase the root cause of the company’s joint venture to complete the business change registration. The Kuwaiti petrochemical industry company (pic) has limited petrochemical (smoking) companies, which have added $638 million and won 25 per cent of the shares of the company’s mother-in-law.
Kpc was established in 1980 as one of the major global oil-energy blocs that brings together all State-owned elements of the Kuwait oil sector within the framework of a company responsible for the exploration, production and sale of all hydrocarbon resources in Kuwait.
\triangleright esters Ltd. 1.5 million tonnes/year mdi TEC project. The project proposes to convert mdi cold media, compressors, photochemicals, separation device techniques to match 1.5 million tonnes/year mdi capacity based on the original 800,000/year mdi project.
At the end of the year, the company had a mdi capacity of 3.8 million tonnes/year, while at the same time Van Hwa Fukugi added 700,000 tonnes/year to the technology conversion, which is expected to be completed in the second quarter of 2026, when the global mdi capacity will reach 4.5 million tonnes/year.
Auto-research technology accelerates the transformation of results. The company ' s ms device has been successful in a single drive, enriching the optical business lines; the tributyltinamine has been successfully industrialized and extending the chain of special ammonium. The thallium polymer has produced qualified products and improved the solution of the wand engineering plastics. Biobased 1,3-butadiol is being used to import cosmetics to customers. Battery materials continue to increase their research and development inputs, multiple technology breakthroughs have been made, and the fourth generation of phosphate lithium has been produced in full production.
The company adheres to a product differentiation strategy, developing a number of new high-value-added poe, polyfin hydrocarbons, nylon12, modified materials12, and expanding the market by expanding the market and enabling new business capabilities. Safety risks, increased competition in the industry, and the risk of changes in the operating environment abroad.
I mean, what's new afterthecompletionofthefirstlevelplanation, imitatedtoignificentreduceproducecosts.keyinksinthedirectionprocessofcompanity,deplypromotingthe
Implementationofftechnologicaltransformation, andcreatingthemultimatecost.thesecondethyleneunitwithacacapacityof1.2millitons/yearingamixtureofethaneandnaphthaasfeedhasbeen accessfullyputitutopoperation2025h1.
I don't know what you're talking about.
The juinttureofkuwaitpetrochemistrycompanyhascompletedthegegistationof industrialandcommercialchanges.kuwaitpetrochemicindustriescorporation(pic) hasincreaseditscapitadictby638misionusdollarstoacquirea 25%stakeinwanhuachemical(yantai)petrochemicalco.ltd., ltd.
The parentcompanyofkuwaitpetrochemiorindustries company(pic)iskuwaitpetroleum company (kpc). kpcwasfoundoundedoundionandisoneoftheord'smajoroilandergygroupgroupshaftstoringshareallstate-downatedsofkuwait'ssoilsectorunderoneororateworkworks.itissponsibleforexploring,
The wahuafujiianmditechnicalrenovation and capacitation expansion projectasbeenapproved.on october19, 2025, thecologicalvillionbureaudozhoucicultureapproved the 1.5millitons/yearmdi
Isocyanateco., Ltd., the projectplanstoupgrademedirebrigerant, condensationunit, photochemicalunit, and subtottachaproducationcapacitof1.5millitons/yearbasedontheoriganal800000tons/yearmdiproject.
According to the 2024annualreport, asoftheendof 2024, the companyhyhasandiproductioncapacitof 3.8milliontonsperyar.athesametime, wahuafujiandiwillupgradexpanditsproduction capacitationby 700,000tonsperyar, whichisexpedtobecompletedin2026q2bythen, wahua'sglobal
I'm sorry, mdiproducationcapabilitywillreach4.5milliontonsperyear.
The company's meeting wassubventively fullysstartinginonego, enriching theopticalbusiness production line; the ultimateizationoftftert butylaminehasbeenaccessibilityful, continuousextendingtheindustrialchafspedialtyamines.solfone.
Pollymerhasproducedqualigatedproduces, improvingwanhua'ssolutionforengineeringplastics.biobased1,3-butanediolsubaccessfulimportedintocosmeticcustomers.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
We've been working on the company's program 2025 to 2027willberm13.495billion, rb
16.350 billion, andrmb18.100billion, immediately.referringtotureofcomparablecompaniesin theameindustry,wegivethecompanity14xperatingforf26andpof73.08yuan.fortheinitiativecoverage, a "buy" ratingisgeven.
The industry covers mainly the chemical industry and the new materials industry.
The companies covered include: East Yoo Group, Global New Materials International, China Heart and Heart Fertilizer, China Fertilizer Group, China San Feng Group, China Sanjiang Chemical Group, China Union of Plastics, Pura Lin Sungshan, Migau Group, China Petroleum Chemical Group, China Xuyang Group, and Colour Player New Energy.
Source, Skychemistry, Science and Culture, etc.
If you don't like it, you'll have to take it easy on me.
I don't know, it's time for me to go to school, but it's time for me to say: 6 to 18 months disclaureofinterests (1) theanalystsand theirassociatesdonottserveasandofficeroftheissuementisthisresearchreport.
(2) thealystsandtheirassociatesdostoonyovenyfinciancionalinterestsindérationtotheissuementationintsresearchreport. (3) globalprosperitysocialcompanimationedand/oritssubsidiariaesdosothordealtoortoormorethan 1% ff themarketcapacitationof themissualizationintsreresearchreport.
(4) globalprosperityfinalcompanymitedand/oritssubsidiarieshavenothadinvesmentbanking_relativeships with the issuermentedinthisresearchreportwithintheprecipreding12months. (5) globalprosperityfinalsocialcompanymitededand/oritssubsidiaresareotma makingamarketin thesecuritiesinrespectospetorisseuer
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of this, but I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, group sofglobalprosperityful company, since it's time to find out what you're doing, because it's time to do it, because it's time to do it, because it's time to do it, because it's time to do it, because it's time to do it, because it's time to do it, because it's time to do it, because it's time to do it, because it's time to do it, because it's time to do it, because it's time to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this, I'm going to be able to do it.
2025globalprosperityfinal company.allrightsreserved. unit 2301, 23/f. 308 centraldesvoeux, 308 desvoeuxroadcentral, Sheungwan, Hongkong