Three-quarterly review of 2025: good business, good luck with the head of the company.
Of this amount, business income of RMB 53.32 billion was realized for the quarter of 2025q3 (similarity in the demand for polyurethane, WWWF will add mdi production capacity: sales & prices: 2025o3, company PUR block revenues of RMB 18.25 billion ( ring ratio - 1.1%) and production/distribution of RMB 18.25 billion (circle ratio - 1.1%)
In the case of polymer mdi, which is affected by cold and less than expected demand in the construction market, tdi, where force majeure and overhaul of overseas installations have led to supply constraints, soft bubble polyethers have benefited from stable household demand and growth in the automobile industry.
3.8 million tonnes/year, following the expansion of mdi production capacity of 700,000 tonnes/year, the company is expected to start production in 2026q2 and 1.44 million tonnes/year of tdi production capacity, with no subsequent additional capacity plans.  The sale of petrochemical blocks has increased rapidly, and ethylene phase feed is about to be completed: marketing & price side
The main products such as Shandongpropylene, formal butol, mtbe, etc. have fallen in the same proportion.
Fine chemicals and new materials plated with $8.18 billion (ring ratio - 1.0 per cent) and production/distribution of 65/65 million tons (ring ratio + 5 per cent/ level playing). Corporate-di business deepened the global layout to enhance its resilience, and ms resin devices have been scaled up to fill high-end optical-level gaps in the country, vitamins
a The whole industry chain is integrated into the nutrition health sector. Performance & Project Status: The new material plate of the company continues to flourish in Fujian with 1.6 million tons/year of special polyolefins in the Abu Dhabi State Stone Oil Company, Nordic Chemical Company, Bolo Company and Melting New Materials (Fukugi).
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: taking into account the fact that the company’s polyurethane business needs are divided, and 12, 11 times. We look forward to the company’s future growth and maintain the “buy-in” rating.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.