q3 showed a significant downside, with costs gradually returning to normal, and the incident company issued a three-quarter report for 2021.q3 pig prices fell sharply, delaying performance in the first three quarters of 2021.
Sheba Yoo-62.03 per cent, high prices of extra feed material and efficiency of farm farming, and significant growth in the production of pigs by q3, with multiple factors leading to the same profits in the company's pig-breeding business.
The yellow chicken price improved month after its fall in July, with q4 performing or selling 788 million chickens to companies in the three quarters of 2021, i.e. +2.2 per cent of the year, q3 alone, and the company selling 304 million chickens, i.e. + 4.11 per cent of the year; the average selling price was 11.88 yuan/kg, i.e., 4:12 per cent of the year, i.e. 3.73 per cent of the year;
q3 chicken prices show a monthly upward trend (the average monthly price is lower in July), and we estimate a significant loss in July, with a relative improvement in August-September. 21q3 has a total cost of about $6.6/kg, excluding the feed price increase, and an overall decrease of 0.4/kg. The yellow chicken price is currently in shock.
In terms of capacity-building, the company has steadily advanced in the development of small-scale farming and slaughter capacity, with a single-showing capacity of about 260 million pigs growing at a high rate, with full cost gradually returning to normal in the first three quarters of 2021.
The company sells 897.52 million meat pigs, i.e. +27.03 per cent; the average price of sales is about $20.51/kg, with a significant increase (out-of-country purchase of pigs for 45 per cent of Bida), the price of pigs for a large drop in double prices, and the cost of out-of-month production for pigs is on the downside (q3 in full).
In September, the full cost of self-support was reduced to $19/kg. The cost of production of the company’s pig seedlings is currently significantly reduced, and the cost of subsequent farming is expected to drop considerably. The cost layer of the company is gradually returning to normal. By the end of September, the company’s high performance had turned over about 1.1 million pigs.
The investment proposal is to benefit from a warmer chicken price, and the company’s meat performance is either positive or positive; as the pig increases its self-sufficiency and efficiency, it is expected that the company’s full cost of pig-breeding will be phased out and that the company’s performance will be improved.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Experiences, in-depth studies, sugar cycles, etc., are good at industrial analysis and have solid stock-selection capabilities.