Wheel tires (601058.sh) 25/05/2021
• The U.S. Department of Commerce published the “double-reverse” final judgement, and the firm maintained its competitive advantage by maintaining its “buy-in” rating.
Rates, 6.23% countervailing rates, the lowest combined rate in this “double-reverse” survey. We believe that this will become a “killer” for companies competing in the US market, and that in the future it will take a further share of the market and gain a higher margin of profit. We maintain a profit forecast, and the company is expected to return its net profit to its mother in 2021-2023.
• The final results of the United States Trade Commission will be published in July, and the basic dust at the moment is settled. According to the time nodes posted on the site, the final results will be published on July 5, itc, United States Time, and officially implemented on July 12.
The review determines whether the industry has suffered damage as a result of dumping and subsidies, rather than re-calculating the tax rate. If the review fails, the “double counter-investigation” investigation is terminated; if the review of the intc is confirmed, the doc will be officially announced and started.
Within 12 months of the order's official issuance, the company is subject to a review, and if the company's anti-dumping duty rate is found to be zero per cent, it is not required to participate in the annual review. Five years later, doc has to undergo a sunset review to determine whether the “double counter” rate should be maintained or whether a decision to revoke should be taken.
The ability of companies to respond, as they have demonstrated in this “double backs” survey, we believe that the company's “double counter-tax” -- the company's first-time coverage report -- the firm's leader is pretty sure to be pretty sure that the firm's long-term competitiveness, growth and development potential are at stake.
It's set that the tire ship will reboot for 100 million races. In 2023, the company will be able to produce 80 million + 10,000 races, and will gradually move to the international arena for 100 million races. The company has now built four production bases in Qingjia, Toshio, Shenyang, and Vietnam.
In 2023, the company's tyre production is expected to reach 80 million. Against the backdrop of the strong rise of Chinese tyres, the company's early deployment will create a vast profit space for the company, leading to a trillion-dollar race on the international stage.
In the early morning hours of May 25, 2021 Beijing time, T-Net announced the final results of the US Department of Commerce (Doc) “double-reverse” tax rate on tyres originating in Thailand, Viet Nam, Taiwan, and South Korea.
Thailand, for its part, received 21.09 per cent of the anti-dumping rate for Linglong tyres, a reduction of 1.12 per cent from the initial reduction of 22.21 per cent; Hoyo Rubber, a rise of 1.37 per cent from the initial reduction of 13.25 per cent; and other companies, 17.08 per cent, a slight increase of 0.42 per cent from the initial reduction of 16.66 per cent. Korea, for its part, received 27.05 per cent.
Anti-dumping rates fell by 11.02 per cent compared to the initial reduction of 38.07 per cent; Niksen received an anti-dumping rate of 14.72 per cent, an increase of 0.48 per cent compared to the initial adjustment of 14.24 per cent; and other companies received an anti-dumping rate of 21.74 per cent, a decrease of 6.07 per cent compared to the initial adjustment of 27.81 per cent. For Taiwan, China is receiving a new anti-dumping rate of 20.04 per cent, a decrease of 52.42 per cent compared to the initial adjustment of 52.42 per cent.
32.38 per cent drop; South Harbour received 101.84 per cent of the anti-dumping rate, an increase of 3.40 per cent over the initial reduction of 98.44 per cent; and others received 84.75 per cent of the anti-dumping rate, a decrease of 4.07 per cent from the initial reduction of 88.82 per cent. On the Vietnamese side, the anti-dumping rate was maintained at 0 per cent, while the countervailing duty rate was obtained to varying degrees.
On the whole, Doc’s final results are clearly better than the initial ones, with only South China’s Necksen, Taiwan’s Southport, Thailand’s other companies with the exception of Linglong tires increasing their final tax rates, and others falling to varying degrees. The current tax sanctions against South Korea and Taiwan are more severe, with two rounds expected.
The obstacles to the export of tyres to the United States will increase: the tax rates are lower for Thailand, Viet Nam, and the expected impact on the export of tyres to the United States will be weaker. While most of the overseas factories of Chinese tyres are rooted in both Thailand and Viet Nam, we believe, first of all, that this side is evidence of the dependence of United States tyres on Chinese tyres, or have been found to be excessive.
The demand gap is not self-sufficient; second, the lower tax rates received by Chinese tyre companies also indicate lower prices, dumping is not obvious, and Chinese tyres are moving from cheap low-end products to branded high- and medium-end consumer goods. Especially race tires, in this “double-in” survey, receive the lowest combined tax rates, and they are in line with the U.S.
The anti-dumping rate of zero for top firms, such as Listen (Viet Nam), will be a very favourable competitive advantage for companies, which may in the future take the lead in competition in the United States market, take further advantage of the market and earn higher profits.2 The final results for itc will be released in early July, and the prevailing dust will be settled.
Officially implemented on 12 December. According to Tita Network, the role of itc in its review of the Doc Final Award is to determine whether the industry has suffered damage as a result of dumping and subsidies, rather than to recalculate the tax rate. If the review fails, the “double counter” investigation is terminated; and if the review of the doc is confirmed, doc
The enforcement period for the “double counter” investigation is five years, and every 12 months from the date of the official issuance of the “double counter-offer” order, the company will have to undergo a review, and if the company's anti-dumping duty rate is found to be zero per cent, it will not be necessary to participate in the review. Five years later, doc will have to undergo a sunset review to determine whether the “double reverse” should continue.
The tax rate is also a decision to withdraw. Based on the process interpretation at the current point in time and the ability of the company to respond, as demonstrated in this “double-reverse” survey, we believe that the “double-reverse” tax rate of the company is largely settled, and we firmly value the company’s long-term competitiveness, growth and development potential.
Three, the company’s expansion speed has created a vast profit space to take up to the international stage for trillions, and this US “double-in” final outcome is largely within expectations, and the company will rise faster in the next five years, depending on its tax advantage and expansion rate. As stated earlier, the “double-in” survey is being implemented for five years.
Five years later, doc must undergo a sunset review to determine whether to continue the “double-reverse” tax rate or whether to make a withdrawal decision. The company’s acquisition of this “double-reverse” minimum combined tax rate provides a solid basis for the next five years, which will also be five years for a company to take off at high speed and challenge its position as a global head tyre firm.
So far, the company has built four major tire production bases in Qingdao, Dongbang, Shenyang, and Viet Nam. In 2020-2023, the company increased the pace of production by investing in the construction of the Shenyang annual production of 3 million steel tyres, 3 and a half steel tyres in Viet Nam + 1 million steel tyres + 50,000 non-road tyres, and 1.2 million steels + 6 million steels in the mill.
Half Steel Tyres Project, “Cambodia’s 5 Million Steel Tyres Project,” with the above projects coming into production, the company’s capacity will rise even further. In conjunction with the company’s announcement that technological improvements in the post-production period will result in additional capacity, we expect the company’s annual capacity to produce 80 million tyres by 2023.
In view of this, the company's early deployment of production capabilities will create a vast profit space for the company and will gradually move to the international stage to a race of hundreds of millions. We believe that the wheel tires will be a promising star in the rise of the national tyre industry, a strong addition to the domestic and external production, and that the company will expand and expand at a faster pace, showing the same growth as ever, and that the future will be based on excellent products.
Quality, full brand promotion, high R & D inputs and lower “double-reverse” tax rates will gradually take place on the international stage in the context of China’s tire-strength race for trillions of races.
Trade frictions such as less than expected, less demand downstream and “double backs” were exacerbated when productive capacity was released.