In the evening of May 31, 2021 Beijing time, the company issued an announcement calling for its fifth race of wheel tyres (601058).
At its twenty-first meeting, the Board of Trustees considered and adopted the Bill on Additional Investment in Full-Owned Companies. 111.2 million yuan (US$ 352.25 million) in additional investment in the “Cambodian investment project for the construction of 5 million semi-steel meridian tyres per year” and 9 million pieces of steel will be available upon completion of the construction of the project
On March 28, 2021, Jang Jang,
The \triangleright department announced an investment of $1.17 billion in the establishment of a company's second overseas production base in Cambodia, with a project of 5 million semi-steel meridian tyres.
Investment in yuan for a total investment of 2.28 billion yuan and an increase in the capacity of Cambodia ' s projects by 4 million to 9 million Hun Edong bar/year. According to the project feasibility report, the project construction cycle in Cambodia is 24 months and is expected to be 2022
Annual production, expected to yield an annual income of 2.27 billion yuan upon completion of the postnatal period, with a net annual profit of 370 million yuan, and the company ' s recent experience with the construction of an industrial factory abroad in Viet Nam showed that on December 13, 2018, it announced its investment in the construction of 2.4 million full-bore projects, 2019.
In November, pilot production began, and in the 2019 annual report, 80% of the construction work was completed by 31 December 2019, and thousands of items of equipment affected by the epidemic were processed in the first half of 2020. If the effects of the epidemic were not taken into account, the company would have achieved overseas plants in one year.
We believe that the company’s factories in Cambodia are geographically close to the ring group, Viet Nam, less than 80 kilometres away, transport logistics is convenient, and the company is expected to start early!
South-East Asia's backside, the US demand surges! On December 30, 2020, the U.S. launched a preliminary survey of the south-east Asia and Taiwan, and Vietnam became the lowest-tax area in the two-backed region.
Doc’s double counter-investigation final results, which basically sustained the initial findings of December 30, 2020, and the anti-dumping duty rate on US-based tyres from Vietnamese companies in the race wheels was still zero. Starting with the US-based counter-starter, according to US-customs data, in the first quarter of 2020, the U.S. had a single quarter from Thailand.
Country imports by cars and light card tyres decreased by 2.02 million per year, Taiwan, China by 1.06 million, Korea by 120,000, and Viet Nam by 260,000 per year, despite imports of tyres from Viet Nam: Swords: New White Horses, New Consumption 2021.2
The wheel speed lead industry, Shenyang 3.3 million full steel tires, increased in comparison to the decline in other areas, but there is still a huge gap. This has also led to the early delivery of 2020.11.
The price increase for the US market, which began in July of the year, will vary according to the line of production and the size of the tyre, at 6%. This is the second increase in the price of the US market since April 15, 2021.
The price of cars sold in the North American region (the United States and Canada) and light card replacement tyres has increased, cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
Six percent. Prices have risen in international front-line brands such as Pristom, solids, and German horses.
Building up Vietnam's three phases while investing in Cambodian factories, actively winning a profitable share of the US market! \triangleright \triangleright \
Zhang Yinsheng, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Financial Sciences, Beijing University, and seven years of experience in the management of the China Chemical Group. In March 2015, China formally joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre to carry out research in the chemical industry.
The Centre, which conducts research in the petrochemical and basic chemical industries, does not have, does not have, does not have, and will not have direct or indirect relevance to, the specific analysis or observations in the present report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.