Viet Nam's cost advantage is highlighted as a 47% increase in the year-on-year rate! 1 Quarterly report that, in 2020, companies achieved business income of $15.4 billion, a 1.83% increase in the year-on-year and a net return profit of $1,491 million, a 24.79% increase in the year-on-year.
Zhang Yansheng now earns $15.4 billion, an increase of 1.83 per cent over the same period, and realizes a net return to the mother of $1.491 billion, with natural rubber prices warming with the demand for tyres and other commodity prices during the fourth quarter of the year.
Hung Young-dong is rising and rising at an accelerated rate, although the wheels have also adopted a policy of rising prices against the rise in raw materials.
Māori rates continue to be slightly affected. But throughout 2020, companies grew by more than 20% in high-profit markets in Europe and the United States, with 1.83% growth in income, thus achieving a net profit growth of 24.79%.
According to the battalion, the company achieved operating income of $4,149 million in the first quarter, an increase of 28.2 per cent over the previous quarter, a net return to the mother of $400 million, an increase of 47.1 per cent over the same period, and a lead tyre industry!
A low base, with 47.7 per cent of the same increase in corporate profits in the first quarter of 2020.On that day, the company announced its intention to invest 3 billion yuan in three phases of construction projects in Viet Nam, consisting of half a million steel tires per year, 1 million full steel tires per year, 50,000 tons of non-road births per year; and 8 March, Grand Duke
The Department announced its intention to invest $1.18 billion in a project to build a half steel meridian 5 million tyres per year. Since the fall of the United States to South-East Asia, the double counter-tax rate in Viet Nam, where the company operates overseas, has been significantly lower than in Taiwan, South Korea and Thailand.
The cost advantage highlights the fact that products from the Vietnam region are gradually replacing high-double counter-tax areas for export to 25% of annual tyre production, while the locational advantage of overseas factories has given rise to the U.S. market.
The wheel speed lead industry, Shenyang's 3.3 million full steel tires, supported by the logic of demand, and we believe that the company's 2021 surge in production will lead the wheels ahead of schedule 2020.11.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Zhang Yinsheng, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Financial Sciences, Beijing University, and seven years of experience in the management of the China Chemical Group. In March, China formally joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the chemical industry.
The Centre, which conducts research in the petrochemical and basic chemical industries, does not have, does not have, does not have, and will not have direct or indirect relevance to, the specific analysis or observations in the present report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.