The best of the wheels, the top-quality race of the wheels! Events: On June 12, 2021, Beijing time, the wheel-carrying fleet of damiridiyatulilin at the wheel-carrying tires (601058)
idc won the championship in a single race, the best success of the Chinese tire brand in a floating race and even in a world-class car race, and the first world champion to be born after the fiaidc transition to Europe.
Zhang Yinsheng, the best of the wheels and the top-quality races of the wheels. June 12th, single walk, practice number: s1500517050001.
The race took place in the hot sun, with 28 drivers from 15 countries and regions firing, giving an excellent visual experience to the audience. For the first time, Damir of idc took a single high-speed trip to the track and got a full 40-point track.
The strong took the single-way championship and opened the door for the wheels. Thirty-two to sixteen, at the start of the race, the sun-high Ricah rained, and the track was flooded with water, testing the driver's handler, Hong Young-dong.
The time to level the wetland properties of the tyres begins. The inner side of the high-performance sports fetuses in the wheelgener, practice number: s1500520080002 Water Design, which provides excellent wetland performance for the vehicles. idc European premiere, damir with a crown.
The military trophies prove the combined strength of high-performance wheel tires. Losev, Kakadiy, and Woo's family demonstrated the advantage of race tires in wetland lanes.
The body gold's "ve" is a synthetic glue/white carbon black gel, prepared in continuous liquidity, which is characterized by simplified, low energy consumption, better spread of fillings in rubber, and good processing performance, compared to traditional glues; and because of the high interaction between rubber and fillings, the filling between fillings and fillings.
The interaction is low, so the dynamic delay in showing tyre resistance to rolling is low, the dynamic lag loss in showing tyre resistance, the high rate of loss in humid performance, and the high factor for showing tyre resistance to grinding. At the same time, the manufacturing process is more streamlined and the mix energy consumption can be reduced by more than 20 per cent, and the material's final performance is comparable.
There has been a significant improvement over the traditional dry-combined rubber. The veve glues boarded "tire old eves" in 2016 have been successfully tested on tyres. More than 200,000 wheels have been delivered to multiple mainframe plants by placing "liquid gold" high performances at home and abroad.
In addition, the four-season combinations developed with the application of the technology have been excellent, with ice-land performance having reached international leadership levels, with more than 40 per cent wearability and a reduction of more than 30 per cent in rolling resistance. In June 2020, 300,000 tons of vegetables were mixed.
The launch of the Project for the Commercialization of Rubber highlighted Yuan's letter in the final process of research and development: Swords: New White Horses, New Consumption 2021.2 Hearts. "Liquid Gold" was a race round's effort to make a good tire, and it drifted away.
The wheel speed lead industry, Shenyang's 3.3 million full steel tires.
The net profits of the shareholders of the parent company, Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., increased by 20.95, 27.6 and 3.406 million yuan, respectively.
In Beijing, building No. 1 of the House of the City of the West End, 9th Street, is 0.9 and 1.11. For 2021, the pe is 14 times higher, with a “buy-in” rating. Risk factors: 1, the risk of new production capacity falling short of the expected 2nd, and the risk of significant price fluctuations in rubber.
\triangleright Zhang Yansheng, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Financial Sciences, Beijing University, seven years of experience in the management of the China Chemical Group.
The components are irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in the present report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the securities investment advisory business approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the CVM.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.