Eastern Wealth (300059): a two-wheel-drive performance growth over expectations - Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) performance forecast for 2021
The high performance growth was mainly due to a significant year-on-year increase in both of the company’s major business revenues: 1) Financial e-business services operations: in 2021, the stock turnover and financing voucher operations of the third-party sales services fund of corporate funds increased substantially on a year-on-year basis.
The unaudited non-consolidated financial statements of Eastern Wealth Securities Co. Ltd. for the year 2021 were issued on the basis of a net revenue of 4,546 million yuan from fees and commissions in the year 2021, an increase of 51.89 per cent in the same year, and a net interest income of 1,749 million yuan, an increase of 38.57 per cent in the same year.
In addition, the total cost of corporate operations increased significantly over the same period. The sales ranking of public funds continued to rise, and the one-stop Internet wealth management strategy was sustainable, according to data from the China Association of Securities and Investment Foundations, from the fund sales agencies at the end of the fourth quarter of 2021.
According to the size of the sales of the Public Fund, the Shanghai Sky Fund Sales Company Ltd. shares plus mixed public fund raising.
On the one hand, it has created a high level of follow-on commission revenue for the company, guaranteeing its future growth; on the other hand, it has helped the company complete the accumulation of flows, boost brand influence, and accelerate its expansion into wealth management.
Forcible foreclosure of the “Team 3” is expected to facilitate the transfer of debt to equity, increase corporate capital, increase the scale of fund sales, and have a strong long-term growth momentum.
In our view, forced redemption is expected to facilitate the transfer of corporate debt to equity, increase corporate capital, and support the company's president, Chang Yu Ting.
Companies are the scarcer Internet service platforms in the country that provide Internet-based applications to large-scale users. With the continued healthy development of China’s capital markets, companies will grow in the future, stock exchanges in the domestic stock market will grow less than expected; the securities industry will compete more; and the capital market will be sold more.
The report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, and the logic of analysis is based on the professional integrity and professional competence of the author, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.