Events: Eastern Wealth Annual Report 2021, generating business income of $13.09 billion, +58.97 per cent, Eastern Wealth (30059.sz)
The Fund’s sales and brokering activities have increased significantly.
The same ratio +58.97 per cent, the net return to the mother is $8.55 billion, yoy + 79 per cent, which is slightly higher than expected, mainly due to a significant increase in the volume of transactions and the size of the holdings for the Fund, a significant increase in revenue from e-commerce operations, and a significant increase in the volume and size of equity transactions in brokering and securities-related revenues.
Mailbox: wangfangzhao@ achieved a significant increase in year-on-year. In addition, the cost of corporate sales and management costs were significantly reduced under the scale effect, with a ratio of 1.37 to 4.98 per cent for sales in 2021 and an administrative rate of 3.7 per cent.
Securities brokerage and blending markets have increased further. In 2021, securities became viable, with a strong flow advantage and transformation capacity, and net revenue from Eastern brokerage fees and commissions amounted to $4,597 million in 2021, compared to +51.6 per cent, well above the average market-based daily turnover throughout the year.
The same-year rate of increase (1058.374 billion yuan), which we measured is 2.32 billion yuan net of interest on securities, which is 51.1 per cent, higher than the market two-way balance (18322.7bp, 44bp higher than the same rate, mainly benefiting from the increase in the share of brokerage companies and corporate issuances.
Corporate debt and tradable debt continue to replenish operating capital. At the end of the three-year period, it is hoped that the transfer will lead to further capital replenishment and a reduction in the cost of indebtedness, with a further increase in market share.
In 2021, the Fund earned $5.07 billion in sales income, compared to +71.23 per cent, and benefited mainly from the retention of 69.4 per cent of the new funds, and according to the data on the holdings of industry associations, the four-quarter daily fund holdings continued to increase.
Third, after the ant. Given that the sky fund's coverage of the Fund's products and foundations continues to be in the vanguard industry, far more than rivals, and with the absolute advantage of user flow and stickyness, the generation Alpha-Beta Resonance, From Growth to Excellence --
The market share is expected to be further consolidated. Despite the cold of new funds issued since the beginning of 2022, as of March 18, 2022, only $102.23 billion of new equity funds in the market.
(vs 2021:90,164 million new equity funds) Market concerns about the size and growth of the fund have grown into concerns about the company’s fundamentals. We believe that, given that the share of back-end revenue in East Asia is more than 60%, the heat of the current new energy fund will not change the management of future residents’ wealth.
In the interest of upgrading, capital entry trends, an increase in non-fund-based holdings will boost the sales of the Fund Profit forecasts and investment ratings: companies are leading Internet bond dealers, and the flow and scale effects are stupendous
The securities business is expected to gain from online flow advantages, low commission rates, and low financing costs, and the market share is expected to increase further, with the alpha advantage highlighted. The Fund’s niche is consolidated and non-fund holdings are maintained.
In Beijing, the upgrading of the 9th House of 9th Street in the west corner of the city led to an increase in the share of back-end income, and the company did not fear the impact of the freeze on the new development fund.
Wang Chen Dynasty, Master of Arts, Graduated in International Finance at the University of Duren, United Kingdom, and former Deputy General Manager of Naval Capital Leasing, and General Manager of the Department of Business, Yonghai Leasing, formerly employed in China Xinjiang Investment Portfolio, and Huatuan Securities. Joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019, with responsibility for non-Golden Gold, Wang Jing, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance at Boston University, United States of America, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2019 for non-bank financial research.
Sun Szew, Master of Arts, Bachelor of Science in Economics, University of Hong Kong, University of Hong Kong, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2021 to carry out research on small and medium market value shares.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.