Performance has continued to increase, debt swaps have reduced valuation repression, business growth has been proven, investment operations have expanded rapidly, and corporate growth has continued to grow well.
In 2021, the company’s consolidated caliber was validated. The subsidiary’s Eastern wealth securities continued to grow significantly, raising gross operating income by $7.3 billion, a 59 per cent increase, a net profit of $4.8 billion, a 67 per cent increase, a 67 per cent increase in 2021.
The Fund’s sales operations are also expected to increase significantly in the context of a boom in products and an increase in corporate ownership.The two pillars of the securities subsidiaries continue to grow and their investment operations expand rapidly. 1) The subsidiaries account for 45 per cent and 39 per cent, respectively, of their turnover and interest income, so that the brokering and interest operations remain.
The two pillars of the securities are the two. The benefits of active market investment, corporate Internet platform attractions, significant increases of 52% and 39%, respectively, in fees and interest income. 2) A portion of the funds available for swaps is used to scale up portfolio operations, achieve significant scale-up and end-of-year financial investment.
Billion dollars, a significant increase of 223% in the same year, and an increase in the share of income from 6.2% to 12.7%.3 Investment of swaps for foreclosures, and valuation repression, are expected to be alleviated. As stock prices trigger conditional foreclosure terms, companies issue circulars foreclosures. Under the current assumption of full conversion of the remaining debt to equity, equity gains are expected to increase.
In addition, the market’s expectations of corporate debt swaps have been stronger since this year, and post-repository valuation repression is expected to be eased. Eastern Wealth: Growing Promulgated and Replenished.
The ability of companies to grow is constantly being tested, and it is expected that the future will be able to improve their wealth through constant capital enrichment.
Eastern Wealth: Sustained Growth of Core Business, Fund Management and Performance. Anticipated return net profit forecast for 21/22/23 years based on corporate performance. Eastern Wealth: Sustained high performance in the first half of the year, Fund investment
The impact on the industry of the high sails policy was over-expected; market fluctuations had a double impact on industry performance and valuation.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations