• Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) Annual Report 2021.
Net profits of $8,853 million, an increase of 79.00 per cent over the same period. Sub-operations show income from securities services, Internet advertising services, etc., revenue of $82 million, a decrease of 22.94 per cent over the same period. On the cost side, the public securities business has grown rapidly, and the size of the public fund has grown significantly.
1) Securities operations: Eastern wealth securities generated revenues of $7.3 billion and net profits of $4.825 billion. Eastern wealth securities were granted eligibility to invest in the pilot exhibition of their business. As of the end of 2021, Eastern wealth securities had 186 branches in the country ' s 31 provinces (autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the Central Government).
2) Fund sales operations: The size of corporate fund sales holdings has increased significantly, with 150 fund managers, 12777 fund products, companies' Internet funds, and 374555304 fund purchase (including firm offer) transactions by the end of 2021.
Fund sales amounted to $223,571 million, of which non-monetary funds achieved a total of recognition (requirement) (including the performance forecast for 2021 by the SMS Study - Eastern Wealth (300059.sz).
The Fund’s non-monetary market fund, which is maintained at the size of $67.39 billion, has accumulated more than $6 trillion in sales.
The Strategy Report on the Computer Industry 2022: Building Further the Means of Financing, Capital Power Upgrading and Integrated Competitiveness
In 2021, companies completed the issuance and listing of a fungible “Treat East 3” for a total of 15.8 billion yuan; overseas subsidiaries completed the issuance and listing of offshore dollar debt for $300 million; and Eastern wealth securities completed the issuance of bonds such as short-term finance vouchers, private debt, public debt, etc., to further enrich them.
In addition, companies have improved their performance appraisals and incentives.
The implementation of the new equity incentive scheme has stimulated motivation and creativity among employees. Companies are the scarcest Internet service platforms in the country that provide Internet-based platforms to large-scale users
Products and services to be used. With the continued healthy development of China’s capital markets, companies will grow in the future; stock exchanges in the domestic securities market will grow below expectations; there will be increased competition in the securities sector; markets for fund sales will be more competitive; financial regulations and policy regulations will become more stringent; and asset management operations will not grow as expected.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.