Corporate Review Report - Non-Bank Financial Sector Performance High Wealth Management Lead Strength Strong Eastern Wealth (300059.sz)
The business environment for the benefit of the industry is favourable, the market for the benefits of the company's high performance is active, the fund-raising fund is expanded, the business environment for the company continues to be good and the performance has increased significantly.
The rate of return was 22.11%, an increase of 4.22 percentage points over the same period. The 2021q4 company achieved a revenue of $1 billion, an increase of 44.34% compared to the end of the year.
By the end of 2021, the market net value of all the Fund ' s assets stood at 25.53 trillion yuan, an increase of 27.29 per cent over the previous year; and net equity funds.
The number of non-monetary fund sales is 1.34 trillion yuan. The number of active users per day of 2021q4 days of non-goods insurance transactions is 3,948,000, and the number of non-traded households per day is 1,551.2 million.
The company’s Internet service platform, with the Eastern Wealth Network at its core, is heavily accessed, sticky, and has a significant client advantage. Through low-server strategies and currents, the firm continues to consolidate its certification and voucher lead position, driving up its market share.
16 billion yuan is a continuous expansion of the enabling business. With the impact of the decline in the share of new funds issued, we have modestly reduced the growth in corporate performance, but the restructuring of the asset allocation of the population, the increase in the share of equity assets, the growth of equity markets, and the management of wealth remain evidence.
We keep an eye on the prospects for corporate development and, in conjunction with the firm’s foundation’s own commitment to work diligently, independently and objectively, to present this report, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views. No part of my remuneration has been, is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the report’s specific recommendations or views.