On January 24, 2022, Eastern Wealth announced that East Treasure 3 triggered the conditions for redemption.
The board decided to exercise this right to early redemption. The announcement of the “Treasury 3” pre-empted, and the overall progress was in line with our expectations: 1) “Treasury 3” research assistant Biscie
Once again, the company exercised its right to foreclosure. On 2 November 2021, the “Treasury 3” first triggered the right to foreclosure. On the same date, the company decided not to foreclose “Treasury 3” for the year 2021, and the company's share price had exceeded the “Treasury 3” transfer price for 15 consecutive working days ($2.335).
The cut-off date is likely to be ahead of schedule. After this early redemption, the “Treasury East 3” will be strengthened in the depths of capital, short-term peps, taking into account the long-term potential of the company: 1) This “Treasury East 3” will be redeemed in advance and corporate capital will be further strengthened.
The positive value of the stock was calculated on 24 January of that year ($32.59) (the fungible balance/transfer value* the positive share) The total Eastern stock stock on 24 January was 10.366 billion shares, and if the remaining balance was fully converted into equity, we anticipate an increase of 644 million shares to 11.10 billion shares and 6.21 per cent of the ps of the conglomerates.
The income of the Eastern Stock Exchange was $7.300 billion, or +58.86 per cent, and the net profit was $4.825 billion, or +66.74 per cent. We expect to be able to supplement the capital of the Corporation with a transferable debt, which is expected to provide a strong boost to the performance of the Eastern Stock Exchange, prompting a sustained expansion of credit and investment operations and boosting the maintenance of the Eastern Stock Exchange.
▪ Internet finance platforms have developed well, looking at the new era of wealth management: 1) The market for equity has expanded rapidly, the advantages of the corporate platform have been highlighted, and the size of the fund continues to rise. q3 days up to 2021
The NWF's non-monetary public fund holdings ratio + 13.95 to 57.8 billion yuan, an increase of 0.31 pct to 3.99% over 2021q2, surpassing business banks for the first time (city: 3.91%), with a significant expansion advantage. We expect to hold the Internet users as the wealth of the population continues to grow.
With the expansion, corporate fund sales revenue will continue to rise. 2) Securities, equity-sharing, wealth-management dividends, and long-term development potential of the company.
Eastern Wealth (300059): Equity, coupled with wealth management with high-flow, low-cost, high-quality services.
With further capital additions, we expect that the future of the East will make a great difference in terms of investment advisers, clients, and asset allocation.  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: the current domestic capital market is entering the gold development cycle, with the Fund
Three-quarterly reviews: wealth management driven, access to license plates and accelerated multi-platform flow transformation, corporate wealth management operations going to be good, high performance, and strong Internet retailing.
Mid-year review: Continued high performance, equity incentives to increase development dynamics (2021-3). Macroeconomics are not as high as expected; 4) market volatility shocks the return on self-employment investment.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board