The performance of the securities remained high pending further capital replenishment: on 20 January 2022, Dong-jin released its subsidiary, Eastern Wealth Securities Co. Ltd., unaudited non-consolidated financial statements for 2021, which generated revenue of 7.30 billion yuan.
▪ Retail securities have continued to show high performance, and investment size and returns have been impressive: 1) With market activity and user advantage, Eastern securities brokering has continued to grow at a high rate. The average market stock base in 2021 amounted to $113.39 billion per day (same as + 25%). In a context of high market activity, East has continued to grow at a high rate of activity.
By December 2021, the share market in Tibet had risen to 3.51 per cent (the overall share in the stock market is higher), resulting in net revenue from the transaction of securities and commissions amounting to $4,546 million, or 52 per cent of the ratio.
Research assistant Biscie, with a steady increase in the market share and a robust increase in net interest earnings. The market balance of +13.17% to $183.2 billion in 2021 has been effectively replenished in recent years.
The net revenue from interest on Eastern securities was +39 per cent to $1.749 billion, and we believe that it is mainly the company that continues to account for higher returns, and that the self-employment of Eastern securities continues to be prominent. In 2021, the trading value of Eastern securities was $32.796 billion, or 163 per cent; total investment earnings (net return on investment + fair price).
▪ On 17 January 2022, the company issued a “Treasury East 3” announcement that might satisfy the foreclosure alert, and we expect that the capital of the operation could be replenished by a transfer, and that the consolidated strength of the bond dealers would be enhanced: 1) self-recalculation.
We expect to trigger a foreclosure clause on January 24; 2) re-dealables to replenish operating capital, and the first echelons of securities leapfrogers. “Treas 2” issuances effectively supplement the operating capital of Eastern securities, thus providing a strong support for the development of Eastern securities.
According to data, the size of the net assets of East Asia rose by 9 to 24 in 2020 compared to 2019; operating income rose by 10 to 23 to enter the first class of securities. With the launch of the “Treasury East 3”, the credit and portfolio portfolio is expected to expand further and continue to grow.
▪ The Internet financial platform has developed well, looking forward to a new era of wealth management: 1) The equity market is fast growing, and the company platform’s strength has continued to grow in size. As of 2021, q3, the sky fund’s non-monetary public fund holdings ratio was between $13.95 and $57.83 billion, and the city’s share was higher.
We expect that, as the wealth of the population continues to grow and expand with Internet users, corporate fund sales revenue will continue to grow. 2) Securities, fund-sharing, wealth management transformation dividends, looking at the company’s long-term development potential.
With rising demand for investment, bondholders have strong advantages in product design, marketing, investment advisers themselves, and the three core advantages of high-flow, low-cost and high-quality services in wealth management, future Eastern securities will have a great deal to do in terms of investment advisers and customer asset allocation.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: The current domestic capital market is entering the gold development cycle, and corporate wealth management will move into good three-yearly reviews: wealth management driven
High performance, the stronger the head of Internet retailing. 2021-10-16 mid-year: performance continues to increase.
Equity Incentives to Increase Development Dynamics 2021-3) Macroeconomics are less than expected; 4) Market volatility shocks the return on self-employment investments.