“Treasury 3” pressure released and operations still have high growth potential 28 February as the last “Treasury 3” transfer date: 24 January, triggered by the “Treasury 3” foreclosure terms, the company decided to redeem itself in advance and investors faced two options: 1) to exercise transfer rights before the 28 February harvest; 2)
To accept foreclosure, foreclosure price of $100.18 per sheet. The “Treasury East 3” price was in a high premium position for a long time after it entered the conversion period, but there was a continuous shift in stock since 25 January, resulting in a marked increase in investor transfers. By 25 February, “Treast East 3” had an untransferable equity balance of $1,067 million, representing 6.8 per cent of the total amount remitted.
We estimate that if the “Treasury East 3” were to transfer all shares, it would account for about 6.5 per cent of the total stock of the pre-equity transfer, of which about 0.4 per cent was added on 28 February.
The company has built a strong and dynamic network of users, with sufficient customer resources for licensing. h121 billion yuan in net capital, ranking 20th place in the industry. 15.8 billion yuan in “Treasury 3” has been issued, and the firm's capital strength will rise to a new level after the transfer, strongly supporting the current situation.
But, on the other hand, in 2018, when the market went down, the company sold off.
With the current size of the fund and its continued growth, we believe that the city is somewhat overexposed to corporate fund sales. Active corporate flows, rich liquidity plates, remain a guarantee of the sustainability of performance growth, and an increase in the share of securities brokers and blends is still to be expected in the future.
CHOI Xiao Goose's investment proposal: Network flow + liquidity license + capital power has gradually built the ecological closure of corporate operations, and we believe that companies are resilient, sustainable, with high growth potential, and that profit projections remain unchanged.
Kandekun led the valuation up and maintained the “buy-b” rating. Eastern wealth: performance forecast: fund sales & brokerage
Eastern wealth: net profit for the first three quarters of the year + 83.48 per cent, Eastern wealth: market boom, sustained high performance.
On 7 April 2021, the ETT3 was launched, raising $15.8 billion, of which about $14 billion was for the development of two-way businesses and about $1.8 billion for the development of self-investment in securities. On 24 January 2022, the company decided to redeem all ETT3 as a result of the company's terms of return from 4 January to 24 January.
Equity, conversion of holding bonds to Eastern stock; 2) forced foreclosure after the market harvest on 28 February, at a ransom price of $100.18. After entering the transfer period, “Treasury 3” maintained a high turnover premium between the end of October 2021 and mid-January 2022, with investors likely to lose in the exercise of their equity rights.
(a) “Transfer 3” has been followed by a continuous conversion price, with more investors beginning to exercise equity, with a marked decline in the balance of untransferable shares and a marked increase in the value of the additional equity resulting from the conversion. As at 25 February 2022, the “T3” conversion rate was 0.22 per cent, while investors exercised the balance of “T3” untransferable equity as at 25 February 2022 was RMB 1,067 million, or 6.8 per cent of the total amount issued;
As a result of the cumulative increase of 631 million shares in the “T3” transfer, which represents 6.1 per cent of the total stock of the pre-G3 company, it is estimated that the total transfer of the “T3” stock would add 677 million shares, or 6.5 per cent of the total equity of the pre-G3 company, of which 46 million shares, or 0.4 per cent of the total equity of the pre-G3 company, would have been added on 28 February, and which we believe would have been relatively low.
After the “Treasury East 3” foreclosure has come to an end, the impact of the swaps on the company's share price will either become weaker, followed by a stronger focus on the company's fundamentals.
(ii) Eastern wealth continues to have high growth potential The ecological closure of Eastern wealth with financial licence plates to finance network flows and to support their development with capital strength: 1) The current advantages of Eastern wealth capture flows remain, with companies still shaking, in addition to their own platforms, such as the Eastern Wealth Network, the Sky Fund, etc.
Other web platforms, such as fast-tracked Internet platforms, have been visited in the form of live broadcasts, advertisements, etc.; 2) the capital strength of the company will rise once the “Treat 3” is completed, a step forward that strongly supports capital-intensive business development such as blending, portfolio-based investment, etc.; 3) there is still room for brokering, market share enhancement and sustainability of the extended contribution of the liquidity chain.
In addition, according to grass-roots research, the Eastern Financial Unit, the Tianjin Fund's Fund's user discussions and activities are far more active than other financial groups, showing that the platform under the corporate flag has grown into a more sticky network community. Since 15 years, companies have acquired Tibetan securities, e-brokers, binary securities, etc., and have gained capital in recent years.
In 2020, “Treat East” (a total of $7.3 billion in circulation) was completed, with the net capital of the company at the end of the year amounting to $22.5 billion, +70.2%, 21st place in the industry, and the capital of the company after the transfer of East Bank 3.” The company now holds license plates such as fund swaps, securities, futures, public funds, insurance brokers, buyers, etc.
The recent sharp decline in the number of new funds raises questions about the high growth in corporate sales, but we believe that: 1) the Fund has expanded in size, its users are sticky, and its sales operations will continue to pay a great deal of revenue.q421 The Fund has continued to grow in size, with non-IMF holdings of 8.3 trillion and the Ring + 8.8%.
The stock-plus-mixed fund, with 6.5 trillion dollars in size, and the ring + 5.1 per cent in size, we believe that the general trend in wealth management has not changed; (2) the review of the fund in 2018, when companies achieved the same level of sales +26.2 per cent, and we believe that the market's share of corporate securities brokering continues to rise, while the broker's role as a flow entrance to the two-mixed business has also led to an increase in the two-fold share.
Given the potential of the Internet genes of the Eastern Wealth Network, rich equity resources, large advertising and marketing activities of companies, we believe that current corporate stock prices are being underestimated and “buy-in-b” ratings maintained. Capital market volatility is increasing.
Funds are issued less than expected. Corporate fund sales are branch operations with high current valuations, and companies may run the risk of falling valuations and performing less than expected if new funds continue to be issued lower than expected.
There is increased competition for license plates. Companies hold financial license plates, and so are a number of coupons. If competition in the industry increases, company performance may fall short of expectations due to competition.