Performance continues to grow; 24 years of business objectives remain high at a high level of yoy + 3.5 per cent; maternal net profit at $720 million, yoy + 11.6 per cent; non-mortality net profit at $720 million, \triangleright
Receivables increased by 24 per cent from the beginning of the year; cash from purchases of goods and payments for services increased considerably; Yoon Chung Wei was the result of an increase in sales; 2) currency funds of $8.06 billion decreased by 48.2 per cent from the beginning of the year, mainly payments
As a result of the increase in the purchase price, (3) inventories of $7.05 billion were reduced by 39.4 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, mainly in the form of products.
This is mainly due to an increase in cash for goods purchased and services paid during the current period; and 7) an increase in net cash flows from investment activities as a result of cash payments made against current assets.
Recovering $51.03 billion, yoy+10.3 per cent, mainly due to the expected increase in the sale of products; and in maintenance operations expected to achieve net return to the mother, JAC reported on 23 April 2024 with Shen Fei, Shen Fei Entrepreneurship and new investment 2. Shen Flying (600.760.sh) in China for the three quarters of 2023
After completion, Shenfing is still a shareholder in more than 51% of GLAC’s shares. By introducing the company into society, the company is still in possession of more than 51% of the shareholders.
Quality development - 2023/10/29 Capital capacity-building for maintenance and vertical extension of the industrial chain, we believe that with air defence equipment 3. The mid-2023 mid-2023 report:
The company is expected to benefit from the depths of the market in the future, which will be increased by the size of the market as a result of future maintenance guarantees. 2q23 performance increases by 40 per cent over the same period; and planning for an increase in the strength of the capacity. Investment proposals: the company is one of the leading engines of our aviation equipment, which has been the company's air defence equipment in recent years.
4. Shen Fei, China (600760/sh), 2022 Annual Report Review: Accelerated cross-overs, deepening the layout of the research/building/repairing integrated industries, with significant managerial excellence. Taking into account the 35 per cent increase in performance compared to the previous year; and a reduction in efficiency gains from the mainframe tap
5. Report on the incident in Shen Fei, China (600760/sh): Bulletin II \triangleright, which draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, presents the report independently and objectively and is responsible for its content and observations. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.