Year 2023: Flagship Marketing Platform, Flying Mechanism.
The research assistant, Cao Jung-tae, has shown a strong stance in the production of the aircraft, and the Māori rate and R & D expenditure have continued to grow: in 2023, the company achieved $4,6248 million in revenue, an increase of 11.18 per cent over the same period, mainly in the sale of products by the company.
This is mainly due to reduced exhibition costs; management costs of $1,005 million, an increase of 12.38 per cent over the same period, mainly due to increased costs such as management consulting, equity incentives, etc.
The project was approved by the Board of Trustees on 27 December, and the total amount of funds raised to specific target groups is approximately $4.2 billion, and the net amount of funds raised will be used to invest in local relocation projects, composite materials and titanium production line capacity-building projects, aircraft maintenance services support capacity enhancement projects, repayment of earmarked debt
The partial relocation project is intended to use the sum of $1.922 billion to start building in Shen Norte, Shenyang City, to complete the transfer of core competencies in different areas of the city and expand the development space. The completion of the project may further deepen the development of integration patterns.
The construction of this project will upgrade the state-of-the-art composite material components of companies to meet the demand for advanced composite materials in applications such as aerospace.
▪ The defence budget has been steadily raised to effectively guarantee the volume of air defence equipment orders: the company has a strong core competitive and leading industry in the field of air defence equipment, and is the main development base for our air defence equipment.
China Air Shen Fei (600,760): The three-quarters report 2023 shows that in recent years, many of the country's advanced aviation equipment has been assembled, and the equipment in question has been put on board.
During the import phase, strong demand for national defence led to continued high growth in the length of the industrial chain. State enterprises grew by 40.16% compared to the same growth.
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: the company's performance is as expected, based on the high military industry during the 1455s.
In 2026, the return net profit forecast was 5,471 million yuan, corresponding to 27/22/18 times the risk; 3) the risk of poor product quality; and 4) the risk of technological innovation.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.