The company discloses its performance report for the first quarter of 2018, and is open.
The recovery profits have been symmetrically advanced, and the security market has remained strong: corporate sales earnings and net profits in 2017 grew by 31.2 per cent and 26.8 per cent, respectively, and in the global market where terrorism and extremism continue to occur, the security industry has maintained good market demand, in the domestic market, with Xinjiang and others as the core security video.
The demand for surveillance systems has also contributed to the rapid expansion of the industry. As a leader in the global market, companies have continued to develop their business strategies from channel distribution to project distribution, opening up domestic and foreign markets for video security surveillance, and generating profits in the business sector represented by fluorescent in innovative business.
Accompanied growth in revenue collection and profitability has been effective. Product upgrading has boosted the Māori rate, and R&D and market openings have increased the cost ratio: company Māori rates in 2017 were at the same level as Choi Kyung-hyun
Effective growth in product prices has led to an increase in the Māori rate. As companies continue to sink the market channels, and research and development investment in algorithms such as chip and face recognition continues to grow.
Management, sales and financial costs increased by 1.2, 0.4 and 1.3 percentage points, respectively, over the same period. Business continued to grow robustly in the first half of 2018: companies disclosed performance reports for the first quarter of 2018, with industry revenues rising by 33.0 per cent to RMB 9.37 billion, and Māori by 45.1 per cent, or 2.3 percentage points, over the same period.
The net profit range between 3,785 million yuan and 4,444 million won between January and June of the year for shareholders in listed companies, net profit.
Continuing the trend of 2017, revenue and Maori rates continued to rise effectively, while cost inputs continued to rise, and Heconway: net profits increased year-round, the future of the industry market as a whole remained positive, and companies were raising competition for their products through artificial intelligence and cloud services in the future.
At the same time, the development of innovative business is being actively pursued.
Competition and trade protection policies; higher prices of upstream raw materials and appliances for companies affect profitability; 25.9% rise in the number of companies that continue to move forward in their business strategies from channel distribution modes to project distribution, opening up domestic and foreign markets for video security surveillance, and generating profits in the business sector represented by fluorescent in innovative business. Companies will continue to do so.
Investment in R & D and market development to fully expand the market for artificial intelligence and cloud services. (i) Businesses maintained robust and rapid growth in 2017 in net profits.
In 2017, the net profit of shareholders in listed companies was $9.41 billion, an increase of 26.8 per cent, and a net profit of $1.03 per share, an increase of $1.03 per share.
The net profits of companies increased by 25.9 per cent, roughly at the same rate as income, and the expansion of channels was accompanied by sound profitability through good levels of production and management of operations. The company ' s annual Māori rate was 44.0 per cent in 2017, an increase of 2.4 percentage points compared to the previous year, and the company ' s upgrading of high-end markets through product innovation
Competitiveness and effective control of the supply chain have led to a sustained increase in the Māori rate. Corporate management and sales cost rates have increased by 1.2 and 0.4 percentage points, respectively, with companies maintaining continuous input, and financial cost rates have increased by 1.3 percentage points, with companies achieving operating income of $14.18 billion in the fourth quarter of 2017, an increase of 31.4 per cent in the same year and a net benefit to shareholders of listed companies.
In the fourth quarter of 2017, the company ' s Māori rate was 43.6 per cent, an increase of 2.0 percentage points from the previous year, changes in product structure and the pace of new business growth led to an increase in Māori rates in the fourth quarter.
10.4 per cent, 9.5 per cent, 0.3 per cent, an increase of 1.3 per cent, 0.4 per cent and 1.2 per cent, respectively, increase in corporate performance, both in product markets and in regional markets, and the positive effects of demand for and innovation in corporate products and expansion of industrial layout, which have contributed to the expansion of firms in domestic and foreign markets.
Yes, the innovative business performance, represented by the fluorescent business, has been significant and has been profitable after a short investment period of several years. (i) The traditional business gain has been significant, with the innovation performance being 50.3 per cent and the 32.8 per cent increase achieved, with the combined share of back end and central control equipment being 26.8 per cent, a small decrease in the share.
It is a matter of concern that income from innovative business such as smart households has increased significantly, at close to 4 per cent. With regard to product breakdowns, it can be seen that the Māori rate for virtually all products of the company has increased, with the Māori rate for the front-end tea having increased by 2.4 percentage points to 50.9 per cent, indicating that the company has achieved good results through product innovation and supply chain management.
As a result, despite a small decline in the Māori rate of other operations represented by fluorescent stones, companies disclosed that their net profits had been reversed. (ii) Domestic and foreign market shares remained stable and increased by 1.2 percentage points, with both domestic and foreign markets achieving higher profitability.
(iii) Performance report for the first quarter of 2018 The company disclosed performance reports for the first quarter of 2018, showing an increase of 32.95 per cent in operating income of RMB 9,365 million in the same year, a Māori rate of 45.1 per cent, an increase of 2.3 percentage points in the same year, and a net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies of RMB 1,816 million, an increase of 22.64 per cent in the same year.
The Division’s sales, management and financial costs increased by 1.7, 0.0 and 2.4 percentage points, respectively. With respect to traditional company security video surveillance operations, front-end products have continued to grow, high-end products have been enhanced by the addition of innovative technologies such as artificial intelligence, and low- and middle-end products have expanded their output in the area of pan-security.
Backend products and central control equipment have also been upgraded with an overall increase in security demand, with the central control equipment growing faster than backend products, which is also driven by the security upgrade trend. Engineering works have maintained a similar rate of growth to backend and central control equipment, mainly due to the fact that part of the orders are executed by the project.
This is done, partly in the form of products. Income from other products, mainly smart households and innovative businesses, continues to grow at a rapid rate, and as new business continues to expand, the size and share of the company’s business branches will increase effectively.
In terms of profitability, the level of Māori for branch operations has remained largely stable but will decline slightly, mainly as a result of a gradual increase in competition in industry markets, a gradual shift from government and State-owned large-scale procurement to a more market-based situation, and an increase in the concentration of upstream suppliers in the industrial chain, resulting in a change in bargaining power.
(b) The expansion of overseas market channels in the face of competition and trade protection policies by local firms;
(b) Summary of financial statement forecasts and valuation data