China Sea oil capital expenditure is on track and profits are expected to bounce back: 25 August 2021, China Sea oil suits issued a mid-term report for 2021. China Sea oil suits (601808.sh) in 2021
Six months later, the company achieved a revenue of 12.2 per cent, a decline of 3.2 per cent, after deducting the 2020 oil settlement revenues with Norway; net return to mothers of 802 million yuan, a decline in the same year; performance in the first half of the 21st year, which is still not out of control of the epidemic, but still looks forward to future growth.
The weather recovery lags behind oil prices, and corporate performance continued to be affected by the global epidemic in the first half of 2021, with a sharp decline in corporate revenue and profits on a year-on-year basis in the lower season of traditional operations.
-20.1 per cent, of which the Māori rate for the oil plate increased by 3 percentage points on a year-on-year basis, is the main contributor to the company's performance. (1) Drilling plate: delayed impact of market orders, volume of drilling services, research assistant in the petrochemical industry
Overall decline, with 5296 and 1282 days of self-propelled, semi-submarine drilling platforms operating in the first half of 2021, representing a 11.5 per cent decrease in the same year and 23.6 per cent decrease in the daily utilization of the rigs.
R & D expenditure in the area of technical services and R & D costs increase by 12.8 to 384 million yuan on a year-on-year basis. According to the company's “technology-driven” development strategy, future companies will continuously upgrade the capacity of oil field technical services and their long-term growth is expected. (3) Shipboard plates: in the first half of the year, companies operated their own fleets.
14806 days, a 4.7 per cent decrease in the same year, and calendar day usage by 4.1 percentage points to 92.9 per cent. (4) Survey plates: delayed start of outbreak-affected operations, company 2-vice square kilometres, a 7.6 per cent decrease in the same year; submarine cable operations full of 990 squares
In the second half of 2021, the spread of delta has slowed the pace of global economic recovery, but we are determined not to change the trend towards global economic recovery.
Oil prices are high enough to create more investment and profit opportunities for upstream exploration and development enterprises, leading to the rehabilitation of the garment industry. In the first half of 2021, the international oil suit giants Slembeche and Halliburton will be successful.
The net profit of the mother has been reversed by 106% and 114%, respectively. As the head of the domestic bunkers, "Climate Recovering, Policy Add-up, Lump Heading" and the company, China Sea Oil Clothes is located on the first stage of enjoying the boom dividend, and is expected to be ahead of the rest of the country.
2021.08.06. In addition, as the seven-year action plan moves forward, the demand for upstream exploration and development will further increase the demand for and price of the company's services.
In the second half of the year, the China-China oil capital expenditure plan is expected to accelerate, and corporate performance is expected to rebound. \triangleright 2021, China-China oil capital expenditure budget is $90-100 billion, compared to the actual 2020 level
Some regions and areas of Sinda Securities Co., Ltd., have rebounded, with China and China spending only $36 billion on capital for the first half of the year.
House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the west corner of Beijing City is far short of expectations; in the second half of the year, as the epidemic picks up, the traditional season is approaching, and the capital expenditure plan for China Sea Oil is expected to accelerate. Since 2017, the company has been trading with China Sea Oil.
The share of corporate revenue has been maintained at over 70 per cent, and the expansion of spending on oil capital in China and China will lead to a profit forecast and investment rating: we forecast the company ' s net return profits in 2021-2023, respectively \triangleright
Quick, maintain the “buy-in” rating of companies. Risk factors: macroeconomic fluctuations and downside risk of oil prices; rebound demand recovery not expected \triangleright
In 2017, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is mainly responsible for research on the chain of crude oil, gas and garment industries and investment evaluators for the petrochemicals project of the Chinese firm Sinda Asset Management.
Cao Cao, Research Assistant in the petrochemical industry. Master of Finance, Kas Business School, City University of London, joined the Sindam voucher research and development centre in July 2020 for research in the petrochemical industry.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.