China Sea oil suits: before the industry recovers - China Sea oil suits (601808.sh) Cao Xut
High oil prices fueled the bottom of the well-drilling plate, and the fall in the company's drilling plate during the first half of the year was evident, on the one hand because of the impact of equinorenergy as the payment of $188 million in settlement income over the same period last year, and on the other hand, because of the ongoing epidemic and the delays in market orders
Given the increase in the number of working arrangements and exploration inputs throughout the year, drilling operations are expected to increase significantly in the second half of the year. As a result of price recovery, the average daily income of the company’s self-infested drilling platform in the first half of the year was higher than in the same period last year.
The increase is a 20% increase over the same period last year. We believe that the increase in deep-sea exploration operations will lead to an overall daily rate, while the decommissioning of the global drilling platform will contribute to an increase in the utilization of the drilling platform, which is expected to continue to improve.
The oil field technical services plate is expected to be thick and thin, with hundreds of millions of dollars, which is almost equal to the same period last year. In the first half of the year, the company was fully engaged in promoting key core technologies, and advanced the ability of high-level research to transform results, including the autonomous development of constant flow temperature ranges for synthetic drilling fluids.
Do not break the minimum temperature of 3°C and the maximum temperature of 180°C, marking the country’s autonomous development of the drilling fluid technique to an international leader, etc. Technological advantages continue to drive companies’ strategic shift toward light assets, leading to income from heavy-asset drilling operations.
The share has fallen overall, while the light-asset oilfield technical services plate has been promoted to the top of the board, corporate cycle attributes have gradually diminished, and future profitability is expected to increase further. Overseas business expansion opens up room for growth.
1. China Sea Oil Clothes (601808.sh): Sword means that the vast majority of the company ' s business is carried over from China Sea Oil, while under China Sea Oil ' s 2021 business plan, capital subprime blue Sea market oil giants are ready for launch.
The total budget is 13-26% of the same rate of increase, with 78% of the development and exploration closely related to the suit. In the context of the seven-year action plan, exploration for oil in China and China is expected to continue to increase, which provides a strong support for sustaining the company's long-term workload.
In the past, limited by equipment and technology, the company’s overseas operations were largely based on more competitive drilling plates, exploration plates, etc., and low global market ownership, which did not match the firm’s leadership. Against a backdrop of global rig-drilling and a significant increase in autonomous technology, the company’s future was characterized by a lack of capacity.
There is still much room for growth in corporate performance, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. The score has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or ideas in this report.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a sale price or a bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to our own company or to the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.