q2 q2 performance gradually recovered, but the pace of recovery remained slow - the semi-annual performance rating of the 2021 China Sea oil uniforms 26/08/2021
21q2 company performance gradually recovered, but at a slower pace \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright, 21q2 company realized revenues of $6.83 billion, +7.7 per cent per year, net profit to mother of $620 million, + 7.9 per cent per year
The recovery in revenue and net gains was positive, but the total was still below the 2019 level, with a slower recovery, mainly from upstream exploration and development inputs that remained cautious, and the global epidemic continued to affect equipment operations and usage rates. By operations, drilling operations generated $4.35 billion, compared to 29.5 per cent, and drilling platforms operated for 6578 days, compared to 14.1 per cent, and platforms.
The utilization rate for calendar days fell by 10.9 percentage points to 65.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis; revenues from technical services in the oil fields were $6.03 billion, equal to the same amount; and revenues from ship services were $1.54 billion, equal to the same amount, of which the fleet operating in the service of ships operated amounted to $148.06 billion, or +10.6 per cent, representing a significant increase in the current operation of submarine cables.
The price of oil has risen, the vat industry has gone up, the price of crude oil has gone up, and it has remained high, and it's good for the vat industry. From the transmission logic, the rise in the price of oil has raised the profitability of upstream oil mining, and has driven up the willingness to increase capital spending upstream.
Depending on the relevance, the capital expenditure of oil companies is positively related to the strong oil prices, and the income levels of oil companies are positively related to the higher upstream capital expenditures, so the rise in oil prices will drive the upturn in the industry. In terms of supply and demand, oil prices are still strong: demand side, imf, yoa, oec, eia
The organizations are optimistic about oil consumption in 2021 and, as vaccination progress accelerates, the consumption of finished oil will rise; supply ends, occ+ agreements, restraint increases, crude oil supply increases are in a manageable state, supply and demand are tight, support oil prices and are expected to drive up-front capital spending and thus drive the oil-coat industry to the top.
The seven-year plan of action promotes sustained growth. The seven-year plan of action promotes sustained growth. We have more than 70% external dependence on crude oil.
Since 2017, the State has supported enterprise development and energy exploration and development. China and China have launched a seven-year action plan for energy exploration and development.
The company is expected to continue to benefit from the increase in its capital expenditure by relying on China Sea oil: the company belongs to China Sea oil and China Sea oil contributes most of its revenues; in 2020, for example, China Sea oil is trading more than 70% of the total revenues of the company; thus, with the seven-year operation,
“Continuing push, China’s capital spending on oil is expected to increase year by year, leading to sustained growth in corporate performance. 1. Sub-depth report: Higher oil prices drive upstream capital spending.
Sea oil engineering and Bomiko’s 29.1 times the risk of large fluctuations in crude-oil prices; and the risk of a downturn in upstream capital spending, given that upstream capital spending is expected to continue to increase in the second half of the year as the global epidemic is brought under control, leading to an upswing in the oil-dressing climate.
Yang Jian, a Ph.D. in conjunction with the Rutgers Department of Chemical Engineering, Nanjing University, has a senior geologic and chemical background and has published several papers on drilling core analysis, visual geo-flow simulations, etc., in Jgr, jcis, energy and fuel. In October 2014, he joined the civil securities industry in the petrochemical, building materials, petrochemical and building materials industry studies, with previous research experience in the automotive, shipping and military industries.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.