Shanxi Liquor (600809). Performance continues to grow rapidly, with off-provincial markets active 28 April 2021, 2020, when companies achieved business income of 13.9 billion yuan, a year-on-year increase.
140.38% long; 0.71 yuan per share. Rapid growth in business performance was achieved in the first quarter of 2021, and the off-provincial market continued to thrive. Income and net profits were growing rapidly throughout the year 2020.
The price of wine has risen by more than 30 per cent over the same period for high-end products, and the amount of wine (apricot village, wine, jade, etc.) has increased by 566 million yuan over 36.22 per cent over the same period.
If the company were to fine-tune the structure of the series of liquor products, there would have been a decrease in production and sales of $3.96 million per ton, +47.42 per cent, income of 4.04 per cent, Māori of 52.69 per cent, and Māori of 3.84 ptt, rum and alcohol of the series.
The decline was mainly influenced by the new income criteria; 653 million yuan was earned in the production of alcohol (Pamabing, White Jade, Rose, etc.), which was +19.23 per cent in the same year, mainly in terms of ton prices, a significant increase in net profits, and an increase in operating income of between +77.03 per cent and +77.03 per cent in the same year.
With a net profit of +76.82 million to 2,185 million yuan, the company ' s product structure continues to be optimized, with an income of +6837 million in high-end liquor series, or +78.79 per cent.
• Good cost control during the period, with product structure optimization leading to an increase in the Māori rate, with a significant increase in revenue from high-end products, with a cost rate of 23.69 per cent over the period, mainly due to reduced advertising and business promotion costs; and management and research and development fees
Use has remained generally stable, with a financial cost of 0.49 per cent (+0.37 pct), the main company looking forward to the future. (1) Optimizing the corporate governance structure, pushing forward the country's reforms, acquisition of the company's mountain apricots and wine industry.
51 per cent of the shares of the Consort Company significantly reduced the associated transactions; (2) the Public Sector Division adopted a “two-head, medium” product strategy to continuously optimize the product mix, to create a new operating model for high-end products, and to produce a high-end product, the Saffron.
The series grew by more than 30 per cent in the same year and sales increased; (3) with the rise in the disposable income of our residents, consumption increased and consumption increased, the trend will result in a concentration of market shares towards higher-end liquor companies and industry concentration.
This report is produced by Chinese securities and is intended for customers of Chinese securities only. The company will not receive this report from recipients.
But there is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial position and specific needs of the persons who were taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual to anyone.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial status and specific needs.