Investment rating: Increase (maintenance) in the annual publication of Shanxi wine, yielding 13.9 billion yuan in 2020, 17.8 per cent more, and achieving the target.
The net profit of the mother was $3.08 billion, an increase of 58.8 per cent, the Māori rate of 72.15 per cent in 2020, the price of the provincial tons increased by 37.6 per cent, the price of the provincial tons increased by 9.2 per cent, the product structure increased significantly, and the cost of sales increased.
Q1 production end-of-end fluctuations generate a low base in 20 years; q1 Māori rate is 73.54 per cent, with an increase of 1.32 ptt, with high Māori innovation in a single quarter, a net increase of 53 sales/management costs, a net increase of 2,952 corporate distributors, and a national blank market location.
• Q1 wine products increased by 79 per cent, with higher than expected performance: by the end of 2020, the number of company terminals had reached 850,000, management levels had improved significantly, marketing organizations had further sunk and formed a regional marketing organization structure of 30 provinces and + 40 administrative districts.
The year 2020 was a year of firm consolidation of corporate reforms, with a rapid growth of two pairs of sunflowers, a 30-to-about 4 billion yuan increase in size, a 25-30-per-cent increase in size, and a steady increase in regionalization of the old and white.
With the company’s continued price boom, the Saffron price system has entered a cycle of positive channels. Currently, the 20th +, the 30th +, the 30th +, the 30th +, the 30th +, the 30th +, the 30th recovery.
It's a thousand-dollar belt, and it's 30-year-old rejuvenation, the core of the 1450-year-old wine, with a high price of 1,000-dollar singles, $859 for the factory, 950 plus for the group purchase channel, and it's in the early stages of consumer development, with a strong call for wine brands, and a successful return from the Renaissance market in Beijing.
Rapid marketing, while opening up price space for young 20. We don't think the growth of the Renaissance can be seen in terms of traditional real-estate wine prices and products, and it can be seen in the long term as a multi-billion single item, the advantage of which is: 1) 30 market prices for young people are raised from 600+ to 800+.
"The Shanxi Liquor Assessment Report: Cultural Construction to Help Young People " , with little impact on marketing; 2) the branding of wine is strong enough to support its product at a price of 1,000 dollars; 3) flowers up and business continues to be high. "
The saline wines have a strong quality and taste, which can produce a certain stickyness after drinking; 4) Slate 30 is independent and functioning. We believe that Saffron is still at the core of the product's life cycle.
Focusing on the break-up of the Qing30 Renaissance in the Beijing Highland Market, the Beijing Market Breaker is expected to bring a bottle of wine: three stages of marketing, to prepare for the 14th China North Market, which will lead to the South East China Market. One quarter, it is represented by North China.
Five-year-olds: 2020-12-27, high growth in the 20-year low base of selected markets, high motivation for the recovery; steady growth in the size of the bounties, and the projected pace or stability of the dosage during the 1450s due to product structure, production capacity, etc.
• The rapid growth of resilience in high-end Panama, with a low base of old whites, has led to a number of blooms. • The 14th phase of marketing was developed in three stages, with a 13344 marketing reform programme. • The company divided the 14th phase of marketing into three phases: 1) 2021 to address the distribution structure,
Development, especially the significant breakthrough in the south of the Yangtze, the doubling of the size of the almond village, and the opening of the international market: 3) accelerated growth in the size of the saffron in 2024-2025, the support of the saffron village and the full realization of the 135 market construction (Sanxi+Kingjin Tables, Shaping Tables,
In the marketing strategy, the 13344 project was promoted, with a focus on marketing reform, marketing of the circle, brand focus, and the country.
In addition, during the 14-50 period, the company focused on building a brand of bamboo leaf and promoting it.
During the new five-year period, the q1 performance of the company in 2021 continued beyond expectations, and the structure of the ceremonial series continued to improve, looking forward to 1455, the company's products, regions, regions, regions, regions.
Upgraded and high-light bottled wines are growing steadily, and the sunflowers are expected to represent the high-end wines of the north; channels, continued fission, mixed dividends are expected to be released; regional, extra-provincial expansion is strong and nationalized; financial, product structure shifts are expected to continue to boost net interest rates up, and companies are still in place.
In the long-term core phase, with high performance certainty, the recent decline in valuations has become more pronounced in medium- and long-term values, maintaining an “upgrading” rating. 1) Saffron, bouncing and marketing are below expectations; 2) Downfalls within the province, out-of-area expansion, etc.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.