Shanxi's brand has a deep and continuously upgraded capacity, and the brand has a strong upwards and continuously upscaling capacity and is expected to continue to outperform expectations.
The wine can burst at the same time as two completely different price bands, between which we can achieve strong brand power. Looking forward to the future, whether it's a thousand dollar band layout, or a completely different product price belt, we're rare in the history of white wine development.
In the year 2016-2020, among the top products of the sub-high-end liquor industry, it is estimated that a total of over 50 per cent of the income of the world’s youth rose by more than 40 per cent in 2016-2020. (ii) The Saffron brand is very strong, with a rejuvenation of the 30-storey kilo-dollar price belt, and the second-high-end youth 20 is sold.)
Young 30 is the rare species that can double the price of a batch. The Renaissance competition for a thousand dollar price belt is consistent with the virtuous circle of image, price and branding. Although the Renaissance 30 is still in the importing section, we judge that the price of the wine is better than the price when it comes up.
Instead, the products of hands attract higher consumers and are expected to be the main players in the price belt. The recovery price rises, which also boosts the sales of 20-year-olds, and we judge 20-year-olds to grow at a faster rate than ever before.
Taking into account that bamboo leaves are the rare national wine in health-care alcohol, that brands are scarce and that future developments are expected, the wines and bamboos are driven by the first two wheels. The wines benefit from increased awareness of the salami type. The concentration of branded white wines accelerates, and we sentence them to death.
In the context of soybean fever, consumer awareness of perfumes and tastes has increased, and wine is the only leader of the wine. The company has done well in the marketing of the product, and the wine has continued to grow.
The 1q21 company increased its earnings by 77%, net gains by 78%, and the 14th-Fifteenth-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five.
Based on the performance statement, the chairman of the board proposed a development battle against the pamphlet, double-wheel-drive, and 10-year catch-up strategy, looking ahead to 14-50, the wine is expected to continue to grow faster, continuing to outpace the industry. The alcohol is strong up there, its capacity continues to increase, its performance is expected to continue to exceed expectations, and it benefits from fresh spices.
The high targets have led to pressure on channels, stock rises, and the impact of the epidemic is exceeding expectations.
"Sanxi Wine: Start 14:15 and keep it going faster." 202,10118 S.H.I.E.L.
Food and beverages: beverage manufacturing