The reasons for this report are: the annual report, the two-wheel drive of wine and bamboo leaves, and the 2021 performance.
On 27 April 2021, the company released its report for the first quarter of 2021, which showed that it had achieved revenues of $7.332 billion, an increase of 77.03 per cent over the same period, and a net return of $2,182 million, an increase of 77.72 per cent over the same period.
“135,” 2021q1 performance supermarket expectations. In 2020, business revenue was 13.39 billion yuan, an increase of 17.63 per cent in the same year, net profit for mothers was 3,079 million yuan in the same year, revenue for business was 7,332 million yuan in the same year 2021q1 and net profit for mothers was 2,182 million yuan in the same year.
Market data: April 26, 2021: Supermarket expectations, mainly 1) The wine continues to adapt, optimizes the organizational structure of marketing, becomes a new and old mix of marketing cadres.
Inner dynamics; 2) early deployment of spring seasons in sales areas, focus party shopping channels, end-marketing activities are continuing and working well; 3) the influence of the Saffron series has increased further, sales have grown steadily, and nearly 60% of revenue is being contributed by the out-of-town market.
1) Marketing basic data: 31 December 2020, layout strategy, building up the organizational structure of the 31 provinces + 10 directly administered districts.
The central market in the south of the Yangtze River is growing at a rate of more than 50%, with rapid growth in the markets of Jiang, Zhe, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, and Xiang, among others. The share of the provincial market is rising steadily, with 57% of the income.
The key market layout, the south of the Yangtze, has increased by more than 150 per cent, and the Guangdong market has broken by hundreds of millions of yuan. 2) In terms of product structure, the strategy of “catching two heads and carrying the middle” has continued.
A new operating model for chemical products, with high-end products growing by more than 30% on a year-on-year basis, the product structure continues to be optimized and profitability continues to increase.
The annual cost rate for the period of sale of Tianshanxi Securities Co. Ltd. was 23.69 per cent, a decrease of 4.56 pct over the same period, of which the cost of sales was 16.27 per cent, a decrease of 5.46 pct over the same period, mainly due to transportation costs as required by the new revenue guidelines
Included in the operating costs of the main battalion; management cost rate of 7.90%, an increase of 0.51 pct over the same period; financial cost rate of -0.49%, an increase of 0.37 pct over the same period, mainly due to a decrease in interest income received during the period.
The beginning of the year is also a crucial period for the strategic revival of rum. Actively promoting effective deployments by companies and striving to achieve business income growth of around 30% over the previous year.
At the same time, the “13344” marketing reform campaign is being fully promoted, and a new step is being set up. Specifically, the first phase, 2021, is an in-depth adjustment period for the marketing of rum, with a one-year solution to the problem of dealers highlighted in the three-year marketing reform;
Phase: 2022-2023 as a period of transformation for the reform of the wine industry, with two years to achieve high-quality, high-speed development in the provinces and cities, a significant breakthrough in the south of the Yangtze, a continuous improvement in the scale and quality of personalized branding in the village of almonda, and an active expansion of international markets.
New breakthroughs in the development of the international market; third phase: 2024-2025: accelerated marketing of rum; extension for two years to achieve a historic breakthrough in the size of the ceremonial bourbon harvest, basically enabling the two brands of the village to support the development landscape and complete the market of 1357 in its entirety.
Layout. In order to ensure that the objectives of the 14th Five-Year Plan are fully achieved, the wine is equipped with a “13344” marketing battle plan, of which the “1” system is integrated, the first “3” is a three-pronged strategy, the second “3” is a three-fold task, the first “4” is a four-principle, and the second is a three-pronged strategy.
In 2020, a new breakthrough was actively sought in the context of a new competition. Emphasis was placed on upgrading and creating a new version of the 30th Renaissance, the "Springs of Bamboos" and the "Spring of Bamboos" and "Springs of Boosters and Bamboos"
The year 2021 marked the beginning of the "14th Five" season, with an increase of around 30% year-round. The goal of high-end + nationalization of corporate products in the medium to long term is to achieve a high-end + nationalization of corporate products.
The risk of the epidemic being over-expected, the pace of reform of state enterprises falling short of expectations, the expansion outside the country, the level of ambition, and the independent and objective presentation of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to use my identity, status.
or the information available in the course of his or her profession serves his or her own personal interests or those of others.