Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco
The year-round price rises, the number of young flowers is bright, and the share of outsiders rises considerably. The company's real product for the year 2020 focused on the two ends of its product structure in 2020, the high-end series of green flowers and the low-end bob.
Wine/sale series/configured wine sales in 2020 +18%/-57%/-3%, ton prices respectively
Shanxi Liquor (60809), Shanxi Liquor: accelerating growth in the South. The sharper decline in the series of wine harvests was mainly due to the company’s continued high-predicted pace of q1 repayments and high-growth revenue growth. The company achieved q1 in 2021.
Revenues of $7,703 million, or 77.03 per cent, were higher. The contract liabilities of 2021q1 companies + other current liabilities of $3,311 million, the ring ratio fell by $200 million, and advance receipts remained high.
Out-of-town revenues of RMB 2.93 billion, or RMB 43.5 billion, or 45.10 per cent, respectively, and out-of-provincial incomes, high growth of Xiaohuas, 20 Quantities, 30 Xing's willingness to pick up goods from the new, old and smooth alternate channels.
Strong, fast growth continues, and the growth of the old white platinum, due to the higher growth of the low base, the decline in sound discounting operations in Panama and the expansion of income, has led to a larger increase in receivables financing. By the end of 2020, it was $4.81 billion, compared to $4.81 billion, mainly due to an increase in bank exchange bills received.
The shift from discount to structural deposit earning differentials is more frequent (mostly in monetary funds), resulting in a larger increase in accounts-end receivables financing as interest differentials decrease, companies reduce such operations, and as revenue volumes increase.
Product price hikes + structural upgrades plus sales cost decreases net interest rates: the company achieved a net return profit of $3.079 billion in 2020, or +56.39 per cent in the same year. The net interest rate for 2020 was 22.27 per cent, or 4.98 per cent in the same year.
Adjustment to the financial treatment of offsetting income, impacting Māori rate of around 1 point. Rewinding Māori rate of 74.2 per cent, compared to the ratio of sales of high-end products +2.25 pct, predominantly 1) Increases in average prices and increases in Māori levels; 2) São 20, 30, 30, Proc.
The cost of company sales in 2020 was 17.3%, compared to 4.45pt, which is mainly related to the impact of the epidemic. The management cost rate in 2020, which is associated with the impact of the epidemic, is gradually returning to normal.
In 2021, q1 achieved a net return profit of 2,182 million yuan, with high growth and equal impact at a high base), management cost of 3.24%, -2.29%, rapid increase in sales revenue, and a sustained upgrading of brands through the launch of the 30th Renaissance edition.
Garbage, last year, the company launched a 30-million-dollar rejuvenation program, positioning a 1,000-dollar price belt, a revival mission, passing on the wine culture, and striving for high-end white wine tickets. Currently, the 30-renewal quota system is available, leading the group to buy, while increasing end exposure and consumers to the price of the product.
Cognitively, deep-draw core terminal acquisition needs, while at the same time tilting costs to support market expansion. The 30-year-old Renaissance version is expected to be gradually recognized by the market in 21 years.
And the company proposes a two-wheel-drive strategy, using bamboo leaf as one of the two wheels, to form a dedicated bamboo leaf team.
The growth in the future is likely to be significant in the development of the youth brand of bamboo leaf. Shanxi Liquor: The performance of the quarterly paper is expected to be higher, the growth of the country is accelerated by the rapid growth of the flowers and nationalization, and the share of the out-of-country market continues to rise.
The “1357” market layout strategy, with Shanxi at its core, is gradually moving towards nationalization, with a slight increase in the base of the consolidation of the “1+3” market (i.e. Shanxi market, Kyunjin plating plate, Rusty plate, plating plate) and a modest increase in the “5 small plate” (Gang Plate, Kant June plate),
The expansion of the two-lake, north-east, north-west) market has accelerated the expansion of seven opportunity markets (Sichuan, Yunnan, Chongqing, Guangxi, Guizhou, Jiangxi, Tibet).
The company focused on the south of the Yangtze with a huge potential, with a significant increase in core market performance in the long tricorns and bead triangles. Fourteen-five paths are clear, looking forward to another. Looking forward to the 14-Fifteen, the company identified three levels.
Paragraph and mission objective: 1) 2021 for the period of in-depth adjustment, restructuring of distributors, optimization of high-quality, high-speed development of off-provincial markets, major development of south of the Yangtze River, historic breakthroughs in size, double-wheel drive of rum, bamboo leaf brands and full realization of 1357
By the end of the 14th century, the wine must be promoted to the first stage of the industry, so as to achieve the goal of “one in three parts of the world” and promote the exchange of wines, almonds and wines.
Our 14th Five-Year Plan is clear, clear, effective, 30-year-olds will help the company achieve high growth, while this year it will spend more effort on raising the market performance of its products.
In the medium-to-long term, the position of the Qingixiang Dragon is strong, the 14th Five-Year Path is clear, the dividends of the reform of the State Enterprise are continuously released, the national chemical layout + product structure is steadily improving, and the strategy of “China's wine spirits and living spirits” is defined.
We believe that companies can continue their high growth trends, long-term and expected, food security, etc. Shanxi Liquor: a quarterly paper that is more than expected, with rapid growth and accelerated nationalization.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.