Igbt 4.0 full-scale power-drive efficiency, 2019 sic application open space for continuous optimization for the first time.
The year saw the launch of an electric vehicle with sic power control, with full coverage of the electric vehicle under the flag by 2023. bt 4.0 full effect: 3 per cent higher than the mainstream level and 15 per cent higher than the maximum power \triangleright
A significant increase in effectiveness: the company ' s igbt 4.0 process was reduced in thickness from 180 μm to 120 μm, with a 3 per cent reduction in 100 km of electricity consumption compared to the main market product, i.e. a 3 per cent increase in mileage for renewal; the output current was 15 per cent higher, i.e. it was expected to boost maximum power by 15 per cent and increase acceleration capacity; and the self-sufficiency advantage was further magnified: it was rich from the electronics distributors.
The supply of the field will continue to tighten, and the advantage of Biadi’s high-size gbt will be scaled up gradually. Since 2019, the sic device has gradually covered the whole system and the system’s efficiency has been optimized into a completely new space
Sic is an efficient next-generation power semiconductor: it is understood that the reverse system using the full-scale sic programme will reduce energy consumption by 40% compared to the traditional igbt programme. Teslamodel3 is currently using a total of $428 worth of sicfet and sicmosfet from the imitative semiconductor in both the inverter and the plate charger;
Toyota announced in 2014 that the development of a sic power semiconductor in cooperation with electrical appliances could be fully operational by 2021. The company’s successful research and development of this sicomsfet would open up a new space to optimize the efficiency of the follow-on system.
In the first 11 months of 2018, \triangleright sold 190,000 new energy vehicles in Biadi, with 21.5 per cent of the city ' s share, far above the second company (14.5 per cent).
The company's market share is expected to rise steadily in 2019 in a fall-off of subsidies; in the medium term, the entry price for the national product of 2h19-volume model3 would be 360,000, with limited short-term shocks to the company's core market, and the company would still have time to optimize its three-power system in order to compete across the board.
The new energy subsidy policy is less than expected, the market sales are less than expected, and the potential impact of liberalizing the entire share of the car is greater than that of Liu Zhenwoo, the head of the big machinery team, and the master’s degree in materials from Beijing University of Science and Technology.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment advisory profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.