The company released sales data for October, selling 27.7 million new energy vehicles, an increase of 20.8 million fuel cars, a slight 4 per cent increase in the ring and a cumulative sale of fuel vehicles in January-October.
By October, Biadee's sales made another breakthrough, with a new energy-borne vehicle-month innovation, reaching 26,000 vehicles, with an increase of 1,000 vehicles. Of this amount, pure power-car sales were 13,000, ring-to-iron sales were close to 800, plug-to-car sales were 131,000, ring-to-iron sales were higher.
According to industry data published by the Federation, the volume of new energy vehicles sold in October was 75% of the increase in pure electric power, and the annual forecast of 900,000 new energy vehicles in the new upswings of the Federation should be a smooth break. This month, the volume of new energy in Biadi was increasing at a higher rate than in industry.
Less than the industry, mostly affected by insufficient production capacity. Companies have ample hand orders, and sales of new energy by car are expected to continue at a modest rate next month.
New energy passenger vehicles: 1,453 in October and 0.93 million in January-October. There will be an explosion in bus sales at the end of the year, with rapid growth in passenger traffic. Biadi (002594.sz): New energy vehicles are sold on a monthly basis.
By the end of 2017, Biadi had a total power cell capacity of 16 gwh, of which 10 gwh is a lithium phosphate battery and 6 gwh is a trio battery. This year, in Qinghai, it was expanded to produce 24 gwh electricity, and Biadi (002594.sz): the sale of new energy vehicles has increased.
The production capacity of the pool has been completed in two phases and started in June, and is expected to be fully long and fast by the end of next year, with new items added to intelligence... output. The company battery client is currently East Wind, and a partnership agreement has been signed with Chang An.
Biadi, as our new energy car representative, is in a period of growing sales, and is still rich in products, with a strong R & D technology and a three-power R & D system.
New energy vehicles are sold less than expected; power cell technology is developing less than expected.