South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (SWCRD) summary of performance: companies published three-quarterly reports in 2018 and collected 88.980 billion yuan in the first three quarters of 2018.
Realization of non-mortality net profit - $165 million. Revenue of $34,830 million in the third quarter of 2018, with high growth in sales and improved profitability: 143,000 vehicles sold in the company ' s new energy sources in the third quarter of 2018, of which 135,000 were sold in vehicles, an increase of about 97 per cent in the same year, the third of which was recorded in the third quarter of 2018.
Quarterly benefits from the drive of new models, such as the new Tang and the refinancing Song, with 64,000 new vehicles sold in the first quarter, an increase of about 90% over the same period. For traditional cars, Songmax has lost 10,000 single-month sales and continues to be hot.
Improved to 17.2%, benefiting from a negative shift in the company’s non-profits in the first quarter. For the first three quarters, the rates of sales fees, management costs (including R & D), financial costs were 4.7%, 6.9%, 2.5%, and the Dynasty series were on a strong product cycle, with a steady increase in the company’s market share: in the case of new energy vehicles, the company is now on the move.
The new generation of Tang, Qinpro, Song, etc., is now on the market, and on the basis of the continuous performance enhancement, the design of Dragonface has made up for Biadi’s design of the model, and the product capacity has been increased. The company will continue to introduce Tang’s pure version, Song’s new generation, etc.
The company’s share of the market is expected to continue to rise, as the Biadi dynasty series will be further enriched and strengthened. In the area of traditional fuel trucks, the company has gradually made the replacement of old and new products, old products such as f3 will be phased out of the market, and the dynasty version of fuel will form a completely new product system that is expected to drive the company’s fuel truck business.
The company was created in 1995 as a leading company in the field of new energy cars in the country, the Dynasty Series, starting with the second charger battery, and limited in 2003 through the acquisition of the original Xian Xincheon car.