Revenue growth is expected, Māori ring increase Report for the third quarter of the company announcement. The first three quarters registered $8,891 million in revenue, 20.35 per cent more than the previous quarter; net profit earned by mothers was $1,527 million, 45.30 per cent more than the previous quarter.
Income growth is expected, with non-recurring gains and gains increasing profits by 20.54 per cent, ring growth by 18.42 per cent in the third quarter, which corresponds to the increase in sales and the improvement in product structure.
The cost of the company ' s period was increased by 2.31 percentage points. The company recognized investment revenue of $147 million in three quarters of the same period, an increase of 225 per cent over the same period.
Investment gains from the establishment of subsidiaries. Other gains recognized were $558 million, an increase of 136 per cent over the same period, mainly due to increases in government subsidies related to day-to-day activities.
According to company performance forecasts, a net return profit of 1.2 to 1.6 billion Biadi (002594.sz): one-month new energy vehicle sales, with a continuous improvement in ring ratios, is expected to be achieved in the fourth quarter. The company ' s new energy vehicle business is expected to continue to grow strongly, with strong growth expected.
Biadi (002594.sz): The new energy car sales have increased and the group has quickly recovered its profits. The new energy use vehicle component, the new car type orders are sufficient, and the new product is smart as it grows fast.
The sea’s 12-gwhith lithium-based output is about to be reduced, with a significant increase in sales compared to the same period last year. With regard to fuel vehicle operations, as Songmax continues to be hot for sale, a new generation of Don and Qinpro are growing, and the fuel truck as a whole remains stable.
As the representative of our new energy car, Biadi is in a period of growing sales of the Dynasty's new energy vehicle series, and its products are still growing in abundance, its research and development technology is strong, its sales of new energy vehicles are not as high as expected, and its power cell technology is not growing as expected.