3-quarterly review: strong growth in the insurance industry and a marked increase in the return on investment
China's three-quarterly reports were released safely, with an increase of 663 billion yuan and 21.40 per cent in the first three quarters of 2017; net profits of 66.3 billion yuan and an increase of 17.36 per cent for yoy (after deducting the impact of the higher base period of $9.5 billion in May of last year, the net gain of the first three quarters increased by 41.06 per cent).
In a context of rising interest rates and increasing innovation in the 50 index, the return on investment continues to grow at a high rate, largely in line with expectations: China released three quarterly reports in a safe manner, raised $663 billion in the three quarters of 2017, yoy by 21.40 per cent, net profit by $66.3 billion and yoy by up.
17.36 per cent, after deducting $9.5 billion in profits from a smooth and inclusive financial restructuring in May of last year, the first three quarters saw a 41.06 per cent increase in the net Leyoy and a single quarter q3 net gain of $22.9 billion, a 45.51 per cent increase in the yy and a strong growth in the public sector, which outperformed the industry: life and health insurance before the insurance industry.
3-quarter premium revenue of $382 billion, or 38.7 per cent for yoy, roughly equal to the first half of the year; new business value of $53.7 billion, or 35.5 per cent, compared to the previous quarter; net profit contribution of $36.9 billion, or yoy, mostly based on a risk pipeline with a high value for new business; and production risk, or three-quarter period
Far above the industry, the risk section contributes $10.4 billion net profit, yoy drops 0.9 per cent, contribution profits ratio, product mix, percentage point, 40 safe production risk will continuously stimulate research on innovative risk factors and artificial intelligence technology.
With a strong effort to optimize the cost structure, the combined cost rate is expected to decrease. In a context of rising interest rates and high innovation on top 50, the rate of return on investment has increased significantly: investment operations Institutional investors as a proportion of liquidity a share
On the other hand, against a background of rising interest rates and growing innovation in the blue equity sector, China has made strong efforts to allocate high-quality and solid collection varieties, such as state debt, in order to take advantage of the opportunities for interest market volatility to invest in equity assets.
Annualized net investment return on the investment portfolio of insurance funds 5.5 per cent, annualized total investment return 5.4 per cent, Internet Strategy Upliftment Group valuation: Internet finance, 32.36 million registered users and 26.9 per cent increase in the number of active users, yoy 7.6 million, as of the end of the third quarter of 2017
This represents a 17.4 per cent increase in the number of shares held by the Land Gold Company, which combines “three benefits” in the areas of wealth management, inter-institutional financial asset transactions, and consumer finance. The Land Gold Institute has completed a b-round financing exercise, which will be valued at up to $18.5 billion, and is preparing an ipo, which is now profitable; and a safe doctor has completed the a-round.
500 billion US dollars in financing, valued at US$ 3 billion. Profit forecast: In 2017, Ping-An, a large-scale company with a value-investment portfolio, is expected to gain a greater market share for its sound operation, against the backdrop of a series of insurance regulations on investment in venture capital.
Shares (dps)
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.