In the reporting period, companies achieved $6,630.06 billion in operating income, an increase of 21.4 per cent over the previous period; and the realization of a parent ' s ownership.
The impact of six months of inclusive restructuring profits increased by 41.1 per cent over the same period, with high growth in life and health insurance operations. During the reporting period, the value of new operations for life and health insurance increased by 35.5 per cent over the same period.
Both quantity and quality have improved. In the last three quarters, the number of agents has returned to the same level of growth.
During the reporting period, production-side operations continued to grow. In the previous three quarters, income from insurance premiums increased by 23.6% over the previous three months, but the combined cost rate was higher than the industry as a whole, although it was higher than during the same period last year.
During the reporting period, companies continued to promote financial innovation and patented large data and artificial intelligence. Science, technology and innovation contributed to safe business in two ways: first, through innovation and innovation, Ping.
Ann's client experience has been increasing, and the number of clients has been effectively accumulated, especially in the transition to retail banks, where financial innovation has been instrumental; and secondly, the tendency to replace manpower with technology has become more evident, thus reducing the pressure on the cost side and releasing profits.
Investment Recommendations: We believe that the future demand of the insurance sector will increase significantly as consumption rises and the industry rises. In terms of life insurance, guaranteed products are a top priority for the future development of insurance.
Efforts have been made to see that constant innovation in the field of science and technology leads the competition with the industry, and that intelligence leads to high-quality client experience and cost reductions. China’s safe core of competition has evolved from a risky channel to a two-wheel drive of risk and innovation.
The value investment is good, the company's long-term valuation throws a lot of room for upswing, giving