The insurance industry has performed well as expected, and the value of the new business has grown strongly, and China is safe (601318.sh)
In the first three quarters of 2017, the company achieved total operating income of $6,633.06 billion, a year-on-year increase in net assets of $44,880 million, an increase of 16.9 per cent compared to the beginning of the year.
2) Life insurance business volume has risen substantially, with nbv in size over the 2016 period, and company life and health insurance operations totalling $38,1994 million in the first three quarters of 2017 are over the 2016 level. Strong growth in the value of new business has been achieved through sustained increases in human and productive capacity.
A fee of $9702, a 9.9 per cent increase in the same year, drives new business values. The company adheres to the “value-operated” concept, has been listed in October as a number of upgraded products that meet regulatory requirements, and will switch new and old products in the fourth quarter, with a focus on promoting long-term safeguards.
In the first three quarters of 2017, the company’s production insurance operations achieved a total premium of $157,507 million, which is a difference from the development of a series of insurance policies.
Urban high-speed on-site survey”, on-line in May, 85 per cent of field cases can be processed at an extremely high speed of 10 minutes, increasing client satisfaction. (4) Increase the allocation of solid products and steadily increase the return on investment.
(e) Active embrace of financial science and technology and the development of technology-driven business models.
The company was the first company in the country to embrace Fintech, build a technology-driven development business model, create an “open platform + open market” that hatches financial science and technology platforms such as land gold, safe doctors, and financial accounting.
R & D and investment, third quarter patent applications of 2,265 and 707 new, mainly in the fields of data, artificial intelligence, clouds, where artificial intelligence technology has been applied significantly in the areas of face recognition, voiceprint recognition, etc.
The company is committed to becoming an international leader in private financial service providers, actively embracing finance technology, leading business change with technology, good quality, good performance, and strong value growth, with ps 4.09/5.11 a year.