Peace in China (601318): Tri-quarter review 2017, high value growth, financial science and technology lead the way, October 29th, 2017.
Incidents: 3-quarter reports issued by the company in 2017, resulting in a net profit of 66.32 billion yuan attributable to the shareholders of the parent company in the first three quarters, an increase of 17.4 per cent from the same year, corresponding to an eps of 3.72 yuan/share; a share attributed to the parent company, Ma Xiangyun
In the first three quarters, the value of new operations for life and health insurance was $53,738 million, an increase of 35.5 per cent over the previous three quarters. The acceleration of high performance was due to an increase in client size, and financial science and technology opened up room for imagination: the former king of the company, Veterans.
In the third quarter, performance increased by 17.4% over the same period, and after excluding the impact of the profit of the inclusive restructuring of $9,497 million over the same period last year, it rose by 41.1% over the same period, further up the performance rate compared to the first half of the year. We judge that the company’s beautiful performance stems from three core drivers: 1) the dominance of the king of retail finance, the individual customer.
The number of households rose to 153 million, an increase of about 17 per cent from the beginning of the year, the number of Internet users increased to 430 million, and retail financial indicators such as net profit on people's business, average passenger profits, average client contracts, etc. are expected to show strong performance. 2) Insurance owners are committed to the concept of “value-based business” and are working hard on long-term secure products.
Growth, with three-quarter replenishments affecting marginal improvements, boosts the net profit of the life insurance portfolio by 57 to 36.93 billion yuan on a year-on-year basis. 3) A strong push for financial science, technology and innovation and applications is concentrated in the areas of big data, artificial intelligence, clouds, artificial intelligence as the core of corporate research and development, face recognition, voice.
As the first financial group to embrace the Fintech, future companies will work to create a technology-driven, integrated gold control platform.  Quality-upgrading proximate nbv growth, and prospects for switching old and new products are promising:
In the last three quarters, life and health insurance nbv was about 53.74 billion, an increase of 35.5 per cent over the same period, mainly due to a higher premium of 38.4 per cent to $114.68 billion for new insurance premiums from an agent channel. In recent years, agency channels have continued to grow and become more innovative, reflecting the firmness of corporate agent default and end-of-service agents.
This is an increase of between 29 per cent and 1.43 million people from the beginning of the year (side-stamped demand for life insurance) and a 10 per cent increase in per capita production capacity of $9702, compared to the same year. In addition, the rising demand for security, driven by rising middle-cost consumption, drives the life-threatening climate to persist and the future premium is expected to grow at a higher rate.
Upgraded products (product replacements have a certain impact on single-quarter size premiums, which are expected to be the main cause of the slowdown in nbv), companies will switch new and old products in four quarters, and we judge that product substitution does not impede the growth of corporate value, and that new business value ratios are expected to continue to rise steadily and their intrinsic value will continue to grow robustly.
• Good quality of production insurance, with a significant return on total investment: 1) the company ' s top $300 million, an increase of 16.1 per cent in the same year and a significant increase of 66.4 per cent to $30.290 billion in non-motorized vehicle insurance premiums in the same year, mainly as a result of the restructuring of the credit guarantee insurance product in 2016.
In terms of investment, the size of corporate investment assets increased by 16.9 per cent to $2.3 trillion at the beginning of the year, and the total return on investment for the previous three quarters was established as a cut-off point.
Profit predictions and investment ratings: companies, as champions of insurance value, future life insurance, high-risk producers, strong growth in value, consistent and forward-looking financial technology, driven by technology.
2. China ' s peace: China ' s peace of honor, the king ' s return (the Hong Kong stock insurance premium is about 1.8 times the value of the friendly state insurance), considering internal growth + value release 3. China ' s peace: the one-quarter reporting point in 2017.
There is still room for improvement in the valuation, a firm view of development prospects, and a “buy-in” rating. Data for the period following the impact of $9,497 million compares with net return profits for the second generation assessment system for the period and thereafter; and 2) the values in 2017.06
Since then, the data have been used to compensate for the two-generation assessment system, and therefore, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Oo Securities Company Limited has been in possession of the Securities Investment Advisory Board for the year 2015.