The insurance index is better than the industry, and financial science and technology are better valued.
Life insurance is growing at a high rate, leading the industry: this year (as of November 17 years ago), the rate of life insurance is $342.9 billion, while yoy is up 34.86 per cent, which is almost 10 percentage points higher than that of the industry (as well as 18.1 per cent higher than the combined rate of increase in the industry). In a context where premiums are rising at a faster rate than in the industry, we have a higher rate of increase than in the industry.
In the security fee structure, a large risk profile is evident, with 96.04 per cent of the size premium as of 302017 for life insurance and health insurance. In terms of pipe contribution, the agent administration contributes 85.50 per cent of the new insurance policy premium, and the agent conduit is more complex to sell, but the operation is more complex.
A high-value insurance product provides a solid foundation for rapid growth in the value of the company’s new business. The fast growth of the agent and the capacity (first year’s fyp) (up to 3 q2017, the number of agents yoy pulls up the value of the group.
Production insurance costs are well controlled, and the rate of increase is also significant in the leading industries: insurance income of $1575 in the first three quarters of premium income before safe production insurance, 22.1 per cent increase in yoy (13.43 per cent increase in insurance premiums in the first 10 months of industry) and 8.65 percentage points in the leading industry, back to five years of peace.
The cagr is 15.8% higher than the industry (13.1% for the first five years).
Over the past five years, the combined cost rate has remained at around 95 per cent, subject to market-based changes in commercial car insurance rates.
Face recognition, voice-print recognition, etc., have been significantly applied, big information and other technical applications such as life and production risk have improved operational efficiency and reduced associated costs. For example, in the case of agent build-up, it is safe to analyse agent personality, habits, background, targeted screening, mentoring, and so on.
Gold pipers channel the flow and achieve rapid growth; with regard to image damage, safe production risks rely on machine learning and large information models to achieve simple and efficient automatic damage-fixing through deep application of rules of wisdom and image recognition, significantly shortening the client compensation cycle and effectively helping companies to reduce the cost of compensation operations.
In the short and medium term, investment ends are likely to increase as value investments are recognized in the market, blue equity is rising, and the return on equity-like investments is likely to increase further.
In the context of rising interest rates, the additional long-term debt class allocation is expected to increase the firmer rate of return and reduce the risk of interest rate fluctuations; in the case of reserves, the moving average rate of return on public debt in the context of high interest rates is already at a turning point, and the profit is expected to increase in the coming years as the margin of the reserve is reduced; and, in addition,
Against the backdrop of a series of regulations on insurance financing by the Council, the strong are expected to continue, and smooth and smooth operations are expected to gain a greater share of the market. In the long run, as a tax deferred pension falls, we estimate that the insurance industry will receive hundreds of millions of new premiums in the future, and that China will be safe.
It is expected to benefit; in the context of the new regulations governing the netting of products and breaking of cash, property is attractive or less attractive, while insurance companies ' products are mostly on-the-table liabilities and are not affected by the new regulations, and it is expected that sub-funds will flow to insurance products (long-term annuity insurance, etc.); and in the context of population ageing, towns and cities.
In the context of rising per capita income, the demand for insurance products is expected to increase further.