Yunnan White (000538), pharmaceutical biology, year-round performance meets expectations, 2019, or new growth, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: Corporate announcement of operating income in 2018, withholding of net profits of approximately 26.710 billion yuan, $2.92 billion, year-round performance in line with expectations, or new growth in 2019. Corporate business income in 2018 was approximately 26.7 billion, or 8.8%, 14.4%, and business income was higher and lower, respectively, as a result of sales pattern adjustments and terminal adjustments.
According to the Ministry of Industry, the provincial pharmaceutical companies are estimated to be about $16.3 billion (+12.8%), the pharmaceutical sector is about 45.3 million (+3%), the health sector is about $4.47 billion (+4.5%) and the Chinese medicine industry is about $1.37 billion (+20%).
Overall, expectations are met, but the rate of increase in q4 drugs is significant. The net profit from withholdings in 2018 was approximately $2.9 billion, the same percentage points, mainly due to changes in the income structure due to faster growth in business income than industry and lower levels of Maori; The operating income from withholdings was about $7 billion and $480 million, respectively, and the same rate of increase was about 10.8 per cent and 10.8 per cent respectively.
36.8% of the performance was slightly higher than expected. The parent company ' s q4 operating income and net profit deductions recovered at about $7 billion, respectively. At the same time, the parent company ' s net operating cash flow was about $4.9 billion, an increase of about 304%, and there was a marked improvement in both inventory and receivables, and we judged that the company ' s channel adjustments had been completed and projected.
The pace of drug growth in 2019q1 will continue to improve. Currently, changes in the mixed ownership of shareholders in companies are on the ground, and equity incentives, among others, are moving forward, and the fundamentals will continue to recover, looking at the 2019 performance growth.
The importance of the business management team will be highlighted when the merger is completed. The company has opened up its own internal reforms, and the staff incentive policy is under way, and is expected to drive the company’s governance and decision-making mechanisms to become more marketable; and 2) strategic direction will be gradually refined to clarify the corporate development competition.
Xinhua, fish leaps, medicines, or industrial resources for companies to try new areas of business such as solarisation, Osteoporosis, non-pharmaceuticals, etc.
Support; 3) The branded pharmaceutical leader, leading the big health layout industry.a The long-term interest in the company’s pharmaceuticals, the growth of the industry, and the competitive advantage of the white market have clearly led to a higher market share in the area and to rapid growth, such as gas and gas, through thematic marketing: b. The Chinese pharmaceutical industry has a prominent character, with the leopard 7 having a high level of ambition.
It is evident. It has a number of layout bases, and a new retail model in key markets, led by the White Life Plus Experience Shop, is expected to be a new profit growth point for companies in the future; c, large health businesses are growing steadily and are actively expanding their power platforms to select high-quality channels, such as product fairs, Sonings, etc. The toothpaste market is dominated.
The second highest rate in the country, about 18.1%, is the speed with which new items such as children’s series, ip packaging, etc. are being introduced; shampoo and skin protection inputs are increasing, and there may be rapid growth after the completion of branding. Growth is stable, the big healthy layout industry is leading, and the incentives for landing teams are highlighted, with product price increases,
Performance growth, incentives, extensions, etc., to maintain the “buy-in” rating.
(2018-11-02) No direct or indirect compensation is not and will not be obtained for specific recommendations or views in the present report, and Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) is qualified in securities investment advisory business approved by the CMS.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.