The growth in performance is in line with expectations, and the drug plate is starting to recover.
This represents an increase of 9.84 per cent in the same year; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $3.307 billion in the same year, an increase of 1. Overall performance is in line with expectations, with a slight rebound in performance of q4 and a net profit increase of 4.91 per cent, fully consistent with our previous expectations.
5.47 per cent) with a slight improvement in performance in the single quarter.2 The recovery of the pharmaceutical business began, the health product surge was hit by the toothpaste incident.
In 2018, the company ' s drug plate was affected by the cleanup pipeline stock, and the rate of increase was largely maintained, 1, Yunnan White (000538); the mix is expected to be active and stable. In view of the trend in the growth rate, the income growth accelerated in the second half of the year, prompting clean-up.
There has been a decline in the impact of stocks and a recovery in the pharmaceutical industry. Health products have been rapidly affected by the toothpaste incident, which has affected Health Products Department's income of 2018.
44.70 billion yuan. The short-term impact of the “methyl cyclic acid” period, compared to a 454 per cent increase in the rate of growth in 2017, was caused by a decline in the rate of increase in toothpaste products, with a net profit on health products of about $1.52 billion in 2018 (by the number of subsidiaries of health products).
According to the report, the rate of increase was about 5 per cent in the same year, with China Drug Resources maintaining a rapid growth of HK$2018 million, or 20.03 per cent in the same year. 2018h1, influenced by the downside of 37 prices, Chinese Medicines
Resource subsidiary revenues fell by 5%, and pharmaceutical resource operations in 2018h2 rebounded, presumably as a result of price expansion after price stabilization.
The increase in the revenue from the provincial two-vote system accelerated the growth of the provincial pharmaceutical company's income from 2018 to $16.33 billion, an increase of 12.77 per cent over the same period and a net profit of $440 million, an increase of 7.94 per cent over the same period. Following the introduction of the two-vote system in Yunnan Province in 2018, the company's income from the pharmaceutical business increased faster, less than the increase in revenue, presumably as a result of the increase in the intermediate cost.
Financial indicators have remained stable, with a slight decline in profitability. The company's absorption of the combined drug holdings was conditionally approved by the CSRC on 4 March 2019, and the absorption of the merger is expected to be fully settled in the first half of 2019. With the merger, the injection of about 20 billion cash assets into the drug holdings will provide sufficient cash flow for the company's outreach development.
After a low performance in 2015-2018, the company is expected to enter a growth recovery period in 2019. In 2019, it is expected that the company will continue to build on its brand, channel, team, capital, etc., around a strategy of “new white medicine-high health” and expand on the basis of its brand name, channel, team, capital, etc.
“Big health” is not limited to previous health products such as toothpaste, washing, sanitary towels. In the future, companies will march into the medical field, introducing internationally advanced holistic treatment programmes, not only products, equipment, and talent, in the field of the osteoporology and gynaecology of the company's strengths; working with the international pseudo-pharmaceutical giant teeva, using its international resources, introducing heavy weight products for the company, giving preference to the option of co-opting with the company's existing operations.
In collaboration with the University of Beijing, a technology research-products development-industry transformation platform has been established. For China’s Chinese pharmaceutical industry’s leading industry, a healthy leader in medicine, a well-placed competition in the area of health is well advanced, and the company’s business is expected to change positively and its management and grass-roots staff are expected to become more active as a result of changes in the location and integration of the white drug holdings.
The growth of toothpaste products has not been as fast as expected, the recovery of medicines has not been as fast as expected, and integration has not been as expected since the merger of the drug-controlled shares.
The East is a source of wealth and wisdom, the Yunnan White Pharmacy (000538); performance is rising at a pace commensurate with expectations, the drug plate is starting to recover.
Head of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of securities industry research experience, good at capturing the dynamics of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context, periodic review of research assistant Yang Spring Rain
Business research focuses on the Chinese medicine field. The researcher's own views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Our company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of any change in the information and proposals contained therein. We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
Transactions, which may also provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products to these companies, etc.