The equity incentive scheme is reasonably structured, long-term growthable - the event of the present (603369) is evaluated on 10,000 stock options, accounting for about 0.996% of the company ' s total equity.
1.5 million shares, with no more than 360 persons, including senior company managers, core technicians and management cadres, being given the first incentive under this plan. Performance evaluation targets are well set, and core guidance is provided to continuously raise the scale of income
A total of 880,000 stock options were granted by managers: other company core technicians, management cadres, more than 355 persons, a total of 10.12 million stock options; and 1.5 million stock options were reserved.
In order to establish a reasonable and high probability of a company's performance appraisal, the core guidance of which is the performance appraisal of Guo Xiaodong.
The year-round growth rate is still expected to reach 20%; in the long run, the company’s continued deep-cultivation rate is rising, its out-of-town expansion is advancing steadily, and its future harvest is expected to remain high. With the short-term impact of the epidemic, consumption is expected to grow steadily throughout the year.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Center, 28 West Side Street, Beijing, more than 30% of the year's work was completed by the company, with 35-40% of the returns from key cities such as Nanjing benefiting.
The blues of the ocean's dreams are closed, the lines are well sold, and the entire stock is in place for two months. After the outbreak, the company responded positively to the 1,000th of Shanghai and China's Gate Road, to support the national distributors in overcoming the disaster.
Stabilizing the business team, providing financial support, etc., as a way to ease the pressure on dealers’ stocks and finances. With the disease, the return of the production of the Free Trader Fukuwa in Shenzhen Fukuda District, which is controlled, has been steadily advancing, and the consumption of white wine is gradually recovering everywhere.
The China-Sichuan Free Trade Experiment, the core product-country series, with its sub-high-end location and group-buying advantage, is expected to take the lead in enjoying the provincial resilience of the city's high-community highway.
Consumption, with firm revenues expected to grow steadily throughout the year.
It is guided by the expectation that, in the future, the country series will continue to grow at a high rate, based on a combination of inter- and intra-provincial tillage and out-of-town development. The method is to produce this report independently and objectively, using legally compliant information.
The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report, it has no direct business agreement with the company. The reader is not a client of the company, and the company does not have proper responsibility.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.