On June 24th, we learned from the market that the world's wine industry will start on July 11th, with a round-up of prices for both products and a simultaneous adjustment of terminal prices, retail prices and troupes.
The price of the purchase price, the Chinese price has been raised by 15 yuan per bottle, and the state relation has been raised by 10 yuan per bottle.  the core product has increased its performance, and the national product series is expected to achieve a full rise in prices.
(b) Further enhancement of the branding influence of the nation, with increases in alcohol prices since the second quarter, such as wine, wine and old cellars, which are a follow-up to the upward trend in the consumption of alcohol at the end of the epidemic;
According to the data, the price increase is about 4 per cent for open plants, taking into account the spread of the country, the share of the entire range of open-state products is nearly 70 per cent, and the core product increase is expected to increase its performance throughout the year, and the national series has the Oyang Woo Sword.
The short-term pipeline price system has been further optimized, and the long-term branding of wine has increased. In the short term, on the one hand, small price increases have not changed the product's high price over advantage because of the price-fixing strategy of the national series; on the other hand, the price increases will further guarantee the profit margin of the distributors, while increasing the profit margin.
Guo Xiaodong's ownership of the entire channel has helped to stabilize the price system. In the long run, the growth of the state is still being sustained in the provinces, and it is hoped to increase the city's presence through intensive cultivation in the province.
The main alcohol consumer price belt is still on the rise, and this price increase has helped to consolidate the country’s high-end brand image, and has steadily advanced the new five-year strategic target of $10 billion. The company’s “uptake” rating is maintained.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Center in Beijing, 28 West Side Street, it is hoped that the future will be sustained by robust cultivation and outlying growth and the company's growth.
Hsien Shenzhen Fukuwa, the 6th Free Trade Test in Chengdu China.
In the 17th method of the Central China Sea International Center, 17th Avenue, the city's conjoining highland, using legally compliant information, this report is presented independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be the same.
The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report, it has no direct business agreement with the company. The reader is not a client of the company, and the company does not have proper responsibility.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.