- The 2019 and 2020 Quarterly Reports: the 2019 and 2020 Quarterly Reports were published, the company generated 4,870 million yuan in 2019, an increase of 30.35 per cent in the same year, and the net profit of the parent company was 1,458 million yuan, an increase of 26.71 per cent in the same year;
For the first time, the Nanjing region, the Huaian region, where the revenue levels of the Nanjing region, the Nanjing region, and the Nanjing region, where the Nanjing region, where the Nanjing region, the Nanjing region, have reached the 1 billion mark, have been able to reach the 1 billion mark.
The Ouyang Woo Sword achieved 1.273 billion yuan, compared to +53.22 per cent, and the Huai An Region achieved 1,054 million yuan, compared with a net increase of 15 to 330 dealers in the province at the end of the year (Susnan/Susumi/Salin City/Shanghai/Shanghai/Nanjing/Liangan Division).
Without a net increase of +25/+17/-3/-8/-8/-8), there is a net increase of 152 to 425 out-of-town distributors, and the share of income of Guo Xiaodong rose from 5.4 per cent in 18 years to 6.4 per cent in 19 years.
The 19-year performance was in line with expectations, with increased spending on fast-growing operations The 2019-year rate of net profit growth for parent companies, +30.35 per cent and +26.71 per cent, respectively, were in line with expectations. The 2019q4 rate of net profit growth for parent companies, +31.17 per cent, +34.92 per cent and single IV, respectively, were in line with expectations.
Quarterly profit increases are mainly due to a significant increase in net earnings from fair value changes. The cost rate for 2019 was +1.11 pct to 20.74 per cent, with sales costs + 1.84 pct to 17.51 per cent, mainly at 28 West West Avenue, Beijing.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Centre, payments received in advance at the end of the year amounted to $1,304 million, or +11.62 per cent of the year, and net operating cash flows amounted to $1,307 million, or +16.63 per cent of the year.
In Shanghai and China, a thousand-year-old mansion road hit 20q1 with slightly lower performance than expected, and the strength of the national series is still strong, and in Shenzhen Fukuda, the 6th tax-free trader, Fukuwa.
More than 30% of the business year's work, with key cities like Nanjing making 35-40% returns, benefiting from the suspension of the blue m6 of the ocean's dream, good sales in the national series, and a total stock of less than two months. The outbreak took place in Chengdu, China (Sichuan) free trade experiment.
The company responded positively to the incident by strengthening the vendor communications, 17th Central China Sea International Center, 17th.
Stable business teams, financial support, etc., to ease the pressure on dealers’ stocks and finances. The epidemic hit the company’s performance of 2020q1 slightly below expectations, with revenues of the same year being 9.41%, belonging to the parent company having net profits of the same year being 9.52%, and profits not growing as expected due mainly to reduced product revenues, but a + white wine
It's still strong. It's got 985 million dollars, compared to 3.77 per cent, and it's got a solid and pragmatic goal of double growth of 10 per cent over the year, equity incentives for future growth. The company's annual business plan reveals a 10 per cent growth target for 2020 for revenue and net profits.
The company's business objectives are considered to be sound and pragmatic, and as the outbreak is brought under control and the recovery of production is steadily advancing, the scenes of local white wine consumption are gradually recovering, the national series, based on sub-high-end positioning and the advantage of group purchasing channels, is expected to take the lead in enjoying the provincial recovery, and the company is expected to grow steadily throughout the year. In addition, the company's revenues are expected to grow steadily in the near future.
Issuance of the 2020 stock options incentive plan (draft), based on operating income in 2018, with the 2020-upgrading of the city and the steady advancement of out-of-the-provincial development, which is expected to sustain steady growth in future performance.
In the future, the country line is expected to sustain robust growth through in- and out-of-country cultivation, maintaining the company’s methods, using legally compliant information, and producing this report independently and objectively.
The company is not a customer for whom it receives this report, it is not a client for whom it has no direct business agreement, and it does not have proper responsibilities. This report is a confidential material of the company, and if a non-client receives this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential until it is publicly disclosed or with the consent of the company.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the person receiving the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.