Consuming daily foods, beverages and tobacco
Incentives are planned to be granted for the first time to no more than 360 persons, and the first-time equity options are awarded at a price of $29.06 per share. The option cost is amortized at $4.98 million over a five-year period, with no impact on performance.
Incentives have covered the core cadres at the middle and middle levels. For the first time, the scheme has awarded incentives to no more than 360 people, with a further expansion of the incentive base, targeting, among other things, external directors (including senior managers, core technicians and managers) who are currently working as directors of companies.
The year in which the stock options granted under this plan are reviewed is 2020-2022, with each total market value/flow (millions of dollars)
The test is based on operating income in 2018, with a 12-month average/minimum value or 75-segment value for the firm; at the same time, operating income increases at a higher rate than that of the company.
This scheme of equity incentives shows the support of major shareholders for the company's long-term development.
Continuing momentum into the golden age. Raising the motivation of middle- and senior-level managers and core staff, balancing short- and long-term goals - 2019/10/30
Mark, freeing up the business and further enhancing the company’s core competitiveness.
In addition to performance appraisals at the corporate level, the plan has a rigorous performance appraisal system for individuals.
In 2019, as the beginning of the new five-year strategy, it was a beautiful year. The creation of a quota incentive scheme at the beginning of the opening was a good basis for the next development.
We judge that the company, although affected to some extent by the epidemic, was able to maintain steady growth in 2020, with a net return profit of 1.684 billion yuan expected, an increase of 17.14 per cent over the previous year, increased competition in the provinces, major management flaws in the company, and a greater macroeconomic impact.
There's a big drop in the consumption of white wine, and so on.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report