The company is the global alot leader, back-to-back with central electron, based on the ability to sense things together.
30,000 + hardware sku matrix, building 200 + software products based on the ai's cognitive ability, unifying components in a medium-staged way, with a service scenery, fragmentation market value (RMB): $26.20
Business needs. Companies have a total of pbg (public service), ebg (business), smbg (small and medium-sized enterprise), innovation, offshore ownership, and a total shift from security to digital solutions providers.
The landscape of the interconnectivity era continues to expand, and the innovation-driven product matrix continues to be rich. 1) The demand side: companies downstream cover dozens of landing scenarios with varying digital demand versus specific industries know-how, and growth drives from downstream.
The value of single scenes in the context of a thousand-way landscape extension and digital transitions raises the resonance. 2) Supply side: companies have 200 plus software products, 30,000 plus hardware sku, and the substance behind the rich product matrix is the enhancement of lower-level technological capabilities.
Innovative business + offshore + e-entangled growth; weak recovery of smbg; p-side bottom building. 1) Innovative business: emerging market demand for corporate card smarts + machine visual + smart cars, is expected to be 24 years yoy + 24%. 2) Offshore master business: a policy for a country.
Localization, breakthrough in the import of new products, and an increase in penetration in emerging countries are expected to increase by 24 years (Yoy+14%). 3) ebg: Technology for Trade to Enhance Manufacturing Competitiveness and Trade Efficiency, Trade and Trade Facilitation in Cloudsaas, Digital Business to Production
The corporate fundamentals (RMB) are extremely fragmented, programmatically linked to enabling, or with a weak macro-level recovery, and the total increase in project bids is expected to recover as domestic debt is released.
Software and ai contribute more than Māori, and magnified model results. Net cash flow per share of the company's operations is 21.3 per cent. *a magnified model is able to offer a lower sample volume (by 90 per cent +).
Training data) achieves a better recognition effect (18 - 63 per cent recognition rate) and automates the internal production of planned production/marketing/digitalization/programming.
(a) Risks of a less than expected recovery at the domestic macro level; risks of a tightening geopolitical environment;
The company is the leader of the Global Smart Federation, which has five major strategic layouts. From mid-2001, when it started a business in China with two 28 employees, it started its first-ever alot, from the first national application of the H.264 video frequency decoding algorithm, to self-researching the full sensor hardware program matrix covering electromagnetic waves and mechanical waves.
Embedded software leads to a larger model of the ai view. We believe that there have been five major strategic layouts in the history of corporate development: Programatization/software: in 2009, the company formed a systems subsidiary and launched the vms industry software: in 2010, public \triangleright
The Division's offer, which proposes a “change from a product provider to an overall solution provider”, marks a shift in the company's business model from a “product-type” to a “programmatic” model. We believe that the transition from a “product-type” to a “programming” would help the Division to 1) build up knowhow and enhance customer stickyness in specific industry scenes; 2) deep-guessing single-guess value from the original
In 2011, companies offered to create a competitive advantage in hardware through software capabilities, and the synergies of hardware and software products were initially demonstrated. We believe that enhanced software business development helps companies to move from product-based companies to products, software platforms, solutions, etc.
In-house business start-up mechanism: in 2015, the company ' s Core Employees and Innovative Business Management Approach was approved and approved in Firestone.
We think that the creation of an in-house entrepreneurial mechanism would help the company to activate its innovation after more than a decade of creation and rapid growth, to motivate its employees to lead a two-tier enterprise within the company, to reduce the complexity and efficiency of the management of the parent company; and to promote the company.
The incubation of innovative business subsidiaries has grown rapidly, becoming the new growth pole of income and profit for the parent company. Aliization: In 2017, the company’s annual report first introduced “aicloud,” defining three hierarchical structures of aicloud’s marginal nodes, edges, and cloud centres, forming the form of a seaconai open platform.
We believe that building an open-ai platform would help companies to improve their algorithmic capabilities and enhance the market competitiveness of products and programmes in the process of further softening; and 2) strengthening eco-building, whereby conduits and Isv can build on the open-platform training data, load algorithms, and facilitate the extension of product programmes after soft and hardware decoupling.
Reuse: In 2018, the company's annual report proposed the establishment of a unified software technology architecture to upgrade overall software engineering capabilities and actual \triangleright practices, and to re-establish the original software development model. We believe that re-use construction would help companies to put hardware products in place.
Software algorithms decoupling and managing standardized components to significantly improve R & D and delivery efficiency. Clarity/scenario digitization: 2021, companies positioned the business area as “smarts alot”, proposing “over \triangleright”
In the last two decades, smart security has been the main battleground for intelligent objects; in 2022, the company proposed that "intelligent applications are scenario-driven applications", the company “have enough length (a lot of industry landscape applications are getting deeper), width (many multi-tech lines), thickness (many product lines to system solutions)”; and in 2023, the company proposed "digitization of scenes."
It's a “other business direction of the company's alot strategy” and it's proposed to “become an ot manufacturer.” 1.2 Business positioning: Is Heikang just a video-surveillance company? — Global security tap leaping to aiot.
Frequent Surveillance is strongly tied, so companies are sometimes simply understood by the market as “the largest company in the world selling video surveillance cameras.” However, companies have become global security champions as early as 2015, 2016, and have continued to expand their innovative operations over the next eight years, with eight innovative business subsidiaries, including robotics, auto electronics, etc.) strategic focus passed.
In 2018, the company divided its operations into domestic, offshore and innovative sectors, including the three major industries of pbg, ebg, smbg. In 2023, the company pbg (public service industry in Tog).
The dominant business, where video surveillance product lines account for only 17.2 per cent of the company's total revenue, which is lower than the digitalization of ebg Transition revenue (20.0 per cent) and revenue from innovative business (20.8 per cent), shows that the corporate business focus has shifted substantially from the corporate strategy to the income-to-income ratio, and that the former global security leader has gradually turned into a deep-seated landscape.
In 2023, the ratio of corporate revenue to smbg operations was more or less stable; the ratio of foreign ownership was relatively stable; and the ratio of revenue to revenue was higher.
1.3 Business logic: where does the hardware sku and 200+ come from? - Capability-based, demand-driven, middle-stage companies start from developing and selling audio-visual compressor cards, moving from selling backend dvr, nvr devices to selling front end video surveillance cameras, which then form a systematic program sales capacity that includes backend storage, front-end perception, and then,
Traditional security products are based on a hardware matrix of multi-dimensional sensing capabilities, building an open software platform based on cognitive abilities, and meeting the needs of clients in different industries. In our view, the vast product system of the company ' s 30,000-million hardware and 200-plus software products is one based on (sense/cognitive) capabilities; and (2) is based on (industry/client) demand.
Quoted; 3) product management and R & D efficiency is enhanced in a neutral manner. Figure 4: Companies with a vast product system of 3+000 hardware and 200+ software based on 1.3.1 capacity: a world-wide physical sensor based on sensory abilities and a family based on cognitive abilities
The company, based on video technology, has developed over two decades and continues to enrich its cognition capabilities. It now has a comprehensive coverage of electromagnetic waves, mechanical waves, temperature, humidity, pressure, magnetism, and so on.
The intelligents conglomerate industry has a large number of unstructured data, large-scale data and low information density. Companies collect data, store data, process data, numbers.
Based on analysis, data governance, data security, data applications and other related big data technology dimensions, the architecture of the big data base has been gradually consolidated, a well-developed large data technology system has been built, and based on this, a software product family consisting of software platforms, smart algorithms, data models, business services, etc.
R & D rates have risen steadily to 12.8%, and firm R & D spending has increased technological accumulation. Since 2006, corporate R & D has only been able to leverage greater R & D spending in a context where R & D rates are at the same level as competitors by taking advantage of its size advantages from the point of view of R & D inputs.
1.3.2 Demand-motivation: The long-tail market is clearly characterized by fragmented demand, the demand-motivated product solution is numerous, the industry is typical of long-tail markets, and the debris-motivated demand-motivated product solution is numerous. According to the customer structure of pbg, ebg, smbg, ebg is more demand-driven than the large pbg project and the project particle size
More specifically, smbg is dominated by micro-enterprises, the downstream landscape is extremely fragmented, and the size of individual particles is low. Industry debrisification needs. Towing middle- and middle-scale manufacturers are constantly developing product solutions for new sub-situations. Currently, only companies, large-scale companies and three industry leaders, and some vertical and geographical firms, have the capacity to cover.
Figure 8: Characteristics of the debrisization needs of the long tail market in the security industry, with corporate landscape coverage of 1.3.3 medium-stage efficiency: unified software architecture management software components, software infrastructure for heop alignment hardware, unified software architecture propulsion software system centralization management, model warehouse providing the basis for model reuse.
The upgrading of software engineering capabilities through the establishment of a unified software technology architecture, the re-engineering of the original software research and development model, the shift from a “municipal demand pull” development model to a “market demand pull-in-the-technology-driven” development model, marked the launching of the process of neutralization of corporate software capabilities. In 2020, companies disclosed model warehouse models, adopting a uniform model.
Data standards, task package specifications and model package specifications provide the basis for model reuse across projects.
To this end, in 2020, the company proposed an embedded equipment open platform, heop, to support the sole deployment and flexible deployment of the algorithm or component containerization. The products developed on the basis of heop will have the same software base, block differences in hardware development and operating environments, support changes in hardware products through software upgrades, and significantly improve product development efficiency and efficiency.
Since 2017, the Haikang hardware model has increased from more than 10,000 items to more than 30,000, and a large number of new skus have been developed on the basis of heop or have been relocated as a whole; since 2018, the number of components under the Haikang unified R & D system, the industry application platform, the ai model, the ai landing project, the development framework, etc.
The standardized encapsulation and landscape classification of the mass components has significantly reduced the energy invested in the "repetitious wheels" of the project, and has effectively increased the efficiency of software research and development. The intermediate management model of hardware and software will effectively reduce the cost of developing corporate products, provide arithmetic performance for medium- and long-tail debris scenarios, and the supply and demand of an open platform will increase year after year.
In the process of digitizing with the enterprise, there is a large demand for fragmented smart applications, with the company ' s open platform providing a one-stop algorithm training platform for medium- and long-tailing scenarios with the capacity to train high-precision algorithms based on small sample data. On the side, there are more than 50,000 cumulative training algorithms and generation models for an open platform, and a cumulative number of landing projects amounting to 4.000;
On the other hand, the platform matches more than 15,000 downstream users, with supply and demand increasing from year to year. 1.4 Business analysis: cost/cost-side scale effects are strong, leading companies have strong bargaining power up and down, profit stability 1.4.1 cost advantages: average cost of company products declines year by year, and flagship scale effects shape cost advantages
The impact of scale is significant at 218 dollars a year, at around 400 dollars a year, and the stronger downstream pricing rights benefit from company-rich product lines, high quality product quality, and well-developed marketing networks.
The company ' s combined Māori rate was 44.4 per cent, and the marginal improvement in 2023. The average cost of a company ' s products below that of a colleague and sales above that of a colleague, its combined Māori rate, Māori for front-end audio-visual products, Māori for back-end audio-visual products, and Māori as a whole have been reduced by some of the low Māori business opportunities in economically vulnerable circumstances.
A certain expansion, low income-end growth, and pressure on profit-end costs and rigidity in spending), in 2023, the net return of the company was mainly affected by “the cost of share payments as a result of a one-time recognition of the cancellation and modification of the equity incentive scheme” (a non-recurring loss of $470 million in the second quarter), and 1h2024 achieved a non-mortality deduction of $5.24 billion, an increase of 4.1 per cent.
1.4.4 Capacity to control fees: The ability to manage and control costs is very high, and the advantage of scale is significantly lower than that of colleagues who benefit from the advantage of the control and scale effects of excellence.
Figure 18: Corporate sales cost control capacity: operating costs (total management, sales, R & D costs) 610,000 yuan, surplus per capita (excluding financial costs and other loss/loss items) and operating profits per capita $360,000 and $390,000, respectively.
Upgrade, after 2021, per capita costs and per capita operating costs were higher than per capita income, resulting in a positive upward pressure on per capita profits over the last two years, followed by a more prudent policy of adding people and improved demand.
1.5.1 Equity structure: with a strong background of approximately 2.4 per cent of the founder and chairman of the company, and approximately 2.4 per cent of the founder and director of the company, the company has a relatively centralized equity structure, the controlling shareholders are the Chinese Electronic Technology Group, which holds about 39.2 per cent of the company's shares; one of the founders holds about 10.3 per cent of the company's shares.
In the more than 10 years since the company was listed, it has consistently maintained a high rate of dividends from 2018 to 2023, with a higher rate of dividends than the majority of the a+h science poles, and a higher rate of dividends in the a+h technology.
In August of that year, the company made a repurchase write-off for restricted shares related to the 2021 restricted stock scheme, and continued to deliver its employees. 2. Business dismantling: how to see the logic of supply and demand for the five lines of Haikang? 2.1 pbg: What was the birth of the “Golden Decade”? — policy drives the demand for pullg, traditional security shifts to cities.
2.1.1 Demand side: Policy-driven g end-of-security demand “Golden Decade”, with industries growing at a rate of more than 10 per cent and growing rapidly since the new century, thanks to the rapid release of government-driven demand for security at the end of the new century.
The main security projects covering the whole of the country have accelerated the release of the g-gate demand. Safe Cities (2003-2012): Safe Cities were built mainly by the “Technology Police” strategy and the “3111” pilot project, which included the construction of the Skynet project.
In 2005, the “3111” pilot project was launched, with the first pilot city (22 pilot cities) with a total investment of more than 15 billion, and the second demonstration city (66) in 2006 with a total investment of more than 10 billion. In 2012, the Ministry of Public Security jointly launched the “Tiennet” project, which involved the city.
The Ministry of Public Security and the Ministry of Science and Technology organized preliminary research on the construction of technical and technical defence in rural areas from 2006 to 2009. In August 2009, the Ministry of Public Security held a meeting with the Ministry of Information and Communications.
In 2015, the Opinion on Strengthening the Social Security Control System was published, indicating the implementation of the Technical Protection against Domestication project and the piloting of the Networked Zones to promote the extension of new equipment to rural areas.
Smart City (2013-2017): In 2013, the Ministry of Construction identified 90 cities (districts, towns), including East Town District of Beijing, as the first pilots for the creation of intelligent cities in the country. Shanghai City actively promoted the action plan for the construction of smart cities for 2011-2013, Beijing developed the Platform for Action for Wise Beijing (2011-2015), and Xanxi Province published the "Digital Shaanxi"
- Development of Smart Cities (2013-2017) and implementation advice for the Development of Digitally Smart Cities (Digital-Sense Cities) Project (2015-2020): "Personal Policing", based on the use of video surveillance networks focusing on public security, supported by the use of information on comprehensive management, and the use of community policing as a command platform at the county, village and village levels of IMCs
In 2015, nine ministries co-published the Opinions on Networking Applications for Enhancing Video Surveillance for Public Security, which states that, by 2020, the Public Security Video Surveillance Building Network Application will have been largely implemented with a “wide coverage, full-scope network sharing, full-time availability, full-time control”. The Snowlight Project is now being rolled out nationwide.
During the year, the National Conference on Innovative Work on Integrated Governance of Social Security was held in Jiangxi, where the construction of the Snowlight Project was deployed. Peace China (since 2020): In October 2020, the Peace China Building Conference was held in Beijing, where it was proposed that the modernization of social governance in urban areas, innovation in grass-roots social governance, and the creation of safe water should be used as a tool to build a higher level of water.
The period of high growth in revenue for the industry and for the leading companies is roughly the same as the period of coverage of the G-side security policy. According to smart stuff and caps, the market for the security sector grew by more than 10% in 2008-2019, and began to fall in 2020.
During the same period, the two leading companies in the security sector grew almost at 20+%, falling significantly to less than 15% after 2017-2019. In our view, the first growth curve in the demand-and-motivation sector at the end of the g has led to a “gold decade” of security.
Since 2019, pbg incomes have increased at a slower rate than the company as a whole, with negative growth pressures in 22-23 years. In 2023, the share of start-up pbgs declined from year to year. We believe that g-based traditional security needs have either contracted even further in the face of high penetration rates and local fiscal tightening, and that urban digital governance or stick-up g-side security gradually stabilized pbg business income.
The company’s pbg operations are divided into six main sections, including public safety, traffic management, traffic travel, urban governance, eco-environmental protection, human services, and the transformation of traditional public security, cross-border security operations into multi-city governance.
At present, the company ' s pbg type of operations has also shifted from traditional urban security to urban digital governance, with its management of landscape solutions such as intelligent communities, smart control systems, intelligent water services, underground pipeline monitoring, road access management, forest fire prevention, and promoting the optimization of government processes and construction models that provide strong support for modern social governance.
In the case of urban transport uniforms, the company provides smart urban management platforms, using equipment such as city tubeballs, city-wide view clouds, smart analysis services and so on, to achieve city-to-city visual intelligence patrols, three packs of front-door management, urban flood monitoring, urban construction monitoring, command and disposal, operation of monitoring centres, etc., from fixed points to mobile patrols, from single scenes to complex areas.
More than 70 types of non-compliance alerts and algorithms are deployed to help the urban environment to be clean, clean and orderly. 2.2ebg: Security improvements followed by new needs? — cloudy saas enabling trade flows, digital operations moving towards production cores.
2.2.1 Demand side: Increasing the competitiveness of manufacturing and the efficiency of commercial trade flows through technology-for-technology swaps. A concentration of social demand over time has often led to the emergence of large market-market firms in the industry, and in the last 15-20 years, the g-policy-driven demand-for-security facilitation company has grown into the largest security firm in the world.
As a traditional producer country, the competitiveness of manufacturing enterprises and the efficiency of commercial and tradable enterprises will be crucial. In our view, there is an urgent need to change people through science and technology in the process of gradual migration of our labour-cost advantages to low-end manufacturing industries.
1) Reduction of labour costs; 2) Improvement of the quality of production; 3) Improvement of the efficiency of commercial and commercial flows. 2.2.2 Supply side: Exploration of standardized combinations of applications at the Cloudsaas platform, with digital operations moving from auxiliary management to core biological links
In 2023, the company ' s ebg business capacity covered thousands of hardware equipment and two major software platforms (the Sea Congenital Employment Platform and the Clouds Enterprise Level Saas Platform). The company built smart product and product with multi-dimensional perception, ai, low code, cloud service at its core.
Solution system. To enrich the perception data through the extended tentacles of multi-dimensional intellectual perception products; to reduce the cost of ai empowerment through the i-engineering of uniforms; to facilitate rapid delivery by partners: to support digital applications quickly online with low-code technology through the sea-combined application of enabling platforms; and to provide more services through the standardized industry application of sedimentation from the cloudy enterprise-level saas platform
Figure 32: Corporate ebg business capabilities cover thousands of hardware equipment and two major software platforms. Clouds enterprise-level saas platforms provide enterprise-level saas services primarily for chain users. Currently, unattended on-line inspections, business data statistics, remote information interactions, humans management, etc., are the main value that clouds provide downstream customers.
Based on the cloud-linking platform and i-watch models, companies provide highly price-based products and solutions for traders in the production, processing, logistics, marketing, etc., to upgrade users' digital management and marketing capabilities, to enable companies to lower their profits, to: 1) in retail settings, companies rely on large industry models for real-time perception of irregular collection, etc., to strengthen their doors.
\triangleright Restaurant Management Level; 2) In the catering scene, companies use equipment such as oilproof cameras, fire-free cameras, warm humidity, etc. to secure post-cooking practices; 3) in business management, companies use commercial displays, audio broadcasts, etc.
Digital marketing of products such as passenger flow analysis, live video cameras, etc. Smart logistics warehousing: companies provide smart chiller cameras, platform cameras, back-to-back packagers, help businesses build transparent, efficient, coordinated supply chain networks and agile operating centres, strengthening “people, cars, goods, warehouses.”
In 2023, there were about 600,000 retail outlets with a 50 per cent increase compared to 2023, and the cumulative number of terminal access devices exceeded 5 million, an increase of 35.1 per cent compared to the previous year.