002415.sz. Perceptions and cognitive techniques spiral up, leading intelligent objects to a new future, electrons. Other electrons.
Corporate solutions based on big data, artificial intelligence, and physical connection technology. Companies provide hardware and software solutions to digital transformation needs in thousands of business scenarios: they include visual hardware products (e.g. cameras, audio, sensors, etc.) covering external information;
Data processing and analysis based on techniques such as cloud computing, big data and artificial intelligence built up a capability structure for “column-side integration, tactile integration, metrology s098052108001 integration”; under this framework, more than 10 masters were formed
Businesses, nearly 90 sub-industrys, have the ability to digitalize software and hardware solutions for more than 500 sub-scenes. Businesses with sound shareholder returns are stable, and the smart-ass confluence transition is initially completed.
Billions of dollars, with a cumulative cash share of $58.4 billion between the time of listing and the 23-year period. As video surveillance entered the intelligents hierarchy, the company started the intelligentness confluence: from creating a three-storey computing structure on cloud edges to a product end (two pools, four platforms) combined with the business end (pbg/ebg/smbg enterprise), combining perception, large models.
With 23 years of intelligent material confluence transition, ebg’s business groups are earning more than 20% of the Pbg public service, making them the main dynamic for growth. Industry moves to intelligentness, opening up space for intelligent goods to grow.
The potential digital value of industries such as industry, financial insurance, retail, energy and electricity is $2 trillion; for example, manufacturing, which is the backbone of industry, the industry is characterized by asset-intensive and complex processes.
In this context, the potential value of digital creation amounts to $6 trillion. In the case of a new energy enterprise, the value of the corresponding business is 18 years.
Industry intelligence captures data and builds data that are relevant to the development of data values, high-quality data, enabling tools, and is a core element.
The introduction of the built-in model has increased the efficiency of solutions to land and has led to the creation of a digital solution capability based on hardware and software technology for thousands of industries. Heconways (002415.sz)-1q24 is a 13% increase in net profit from the non-mortality ratio.
Profit forecasts and valuations: We appreciate the long-term growth dynamic of corporate resilience and industrial intelligence, the 50 per cent increase in the net profit margin ratio of Haeconway (002415.sz)-4023, and the 14 per cent increase in the single-quarter net profit margin of Haeconway (002415.sz)-3q23.
“Hiconway” (002415.sz) - Quarterly Māori performance is up against the same ring, with a “better than the big city” rating, and a “better than the big city” rating.
Heaconway-based solution-maker, deep-farming industry, leading the new future of smarts, was created in 2001 to develop video functions from surveillance to the joint media, and companies from security hardware.
Progressively developed as a solution company for the Smart Goods Consortium, which provides intellectualization services based on association, artificial intelligence, and big data for thousands of users, leading to intelligent solutions ranging from hardware to software, now covers more than 150 countries and territories around the world, serving more than 150,000 clients worldwide.
With the changes in the form of end-of-pipe sensors such as video, sound waves and so forth, the Heconway viewing business continues: (1) digitalization (2001-2009): at the start-up stage, autonomous development of video compressor cards and video recorder products, etc., and introduction of the H.264 algorithm to the video surveillance field, captures security techniques and product upgrades
Opportunities for development have entered the rapid growth of the industry. The city is ranked first in the world’s video surveillance field, with high performance growth and a “10 billion sea rack.” (3) The smartness phase (2017-to date): with video functions developed from surveillance to object networks, companies have opened up their minds.
The Alliance strategy, in which ai is gradually embedded in corporate business as an effective tool for solutions, includes: aicloud architecture, an open platform for ai, a platform for intercession and data, and an intellectual base of smart cities, further entrenching the position of the public division, and further upgrading the corporate positioning to SmartAiot.
Companies provide comprehensive digital solutions ranging from hardware products such as cameras to software platforms, smart algorithms, data models and business services.
Requirements such as yard logistics dispatch, warehouse management, etc., and the provision of hardware products, such as cameras, fibre optics, sensors, robotics and corresponding software systems and platforms, ultimately result in integrated solutions for plant manufacturing management.
The corporate business system consists of three types of support technology, five types of soft and hard products, four types of system capabilities, two types of business organization and two types of marketing systems. Three types of support technology include proximity, artificial intelligence and large data technology; five types of soft and hard products include joint perception products, its basic products, platform service products, data service products and others.
Applied service products; four systems capabilities include systems design development, systems engineering implementation, systems maintenance management and systems operation services; two types of business organizations include three clusters (public service, business and small and medium-sized enterprise) and eight innovative businesses (intellectual home, mobile robot and machine vision, red
Extrathermal imaging, auto electron, intellectual storage, smart fire protection, smart security, smart medicine; 2 major marketing systems including domestic and international business marketing systems.
40.91 per cent, real control of the company; 4.83 per cent of the company ' s shareholding platform ' s investment holdings. In January 24, based on confidence in the company ' s continued steady development and recognition of the value of long-term investments, the company ' s controlling shareholders, Electric Haikang, operated well and sustained growth. From 2013 to 2021, the company ' s revenue and profits continued to grow.
Short-term fluctuations in net profits for 22-23 years due to both domestic and external environmental impacts, and a 23-year revenue of 89.34 billion yuan at an interest rate of 45.8 per cent (yoy+0.59pct, qoq+2.2bct), resulting in technological efficiency gains through the advantage of the size of the supply chain and a steady increase in the company ' s Māori rate.
During the second half of the year, domestic operations were repaired at a similar rate, with ebg incomes exceeding the pbg by 20 per cent. In 23 years, the public service (pbg) collected 15,354 million yuan (youy-4.84 per cent) and the same-year increase in the second half of the year was 10,06 per cent, 20 per cent, exceeding the income of pbg, industrial intelligence became an initiative for development, and the strategic transformation of the smart mix was initially completed.
Overseas operations grew by 8.83 per cent in 23 years and innovative operations by 23.11 per cent in the same year. In 23 years, year-on-year overseas operations increased from +2.3 per cent in the first half of the year to +13.95 per cent, companies completed the integration of four regions abroad, offshore sales developed in tandem with the project market, and non-video operations (stopping, alarm, display, etc.) developed.
New growth curves. In addition to the main sector, the seacomb innovation business: the fluorine, the seacomb, the seacombs, the seacombs, the auto electronics, etc. continue to expand overseas; companies are expected to grow steadily in the future as regional operations in developing countries open.
After 22 years of net profit growth, adjustments to personnel and business structures, after 3022, the number of employees other than company-line workers was controlled at around 41,000, and the pressure on staff costs was gradually reduced over 23 years; as the number of projects was restored, the previous layout staff was diverted from part of the mature product line to the new product line, targeting different products at the end of the software and at the end of the hardware.
The industry moves to intelligentness, opening the space for intelligent goods to grow, and industrial intelligence leads to an increase in the value of solutions.
The process of digitizing industries has gradually spread from information-intensive enterprises to backbone industries, consumption and services, as reported in China's Industrial Digital 2030 report: these include technology-intensive, high capital inputs, large-scale and high-precision production, and process standardization industries such as semiconductors,
Their profitability is directly related to the high degree of digital input, with digitalization starting at the earliest and most mature;
As industries become intelligent, the value of intelligent solutions continues to rise. The digitalization of enterprises evolves from marketing digitization, supporting systems digitization, and production systems digitalizing to value chain digital re-engineering. For example, a new energy source creates business intelligence solutions, and its business needs move from video surveillance to integration to intelligence.
The potential value of digital solutions corresponds to nearly $27 trillion. According to Chinese data, the potential value of digitized industries such as manufacturing, financial insurance, retailing, energy and electricity is over $2 trillion; it is used as support.
For example, manufacturing industries in pillar industries, mostly asset-intensive enterprises, and complex processes, require digital applications at multiple levels of manufacturing, transport, management, etc. to achieve mitigation efficiency, with strong demands for transformation and potential digital creation worth $6 trillion.
Data, enablers and ecology are the core elements of industrial intelligence.
Collection to support follow-up information processing; data collection for end-to-data-heart and inter- or intra-centre transmission through the network of connected layers, complete data uploading and distribution; in addition, arithmetical, big-volume data storage and computational framework needs to be established as a base to support data use in high-performance storage networks for large models and marginal domains
Along the same lines; on the basis of this base, big data transport is brought together at the platform level, ultimately serving the construction of applications through data governance, model training, and eventually industrial intelligence solutions through a big one model, which is carried out from the industry’s broad domain, the area of disaggregation, to the production business unit.
For example, a series of regional organizations (enterprises) have been set up under headquarters around a sub-area, with the ultimate task of production and operation falling to the implementing unit; accordingly, the construction of enterprise intelligence can be divided into three levels from headquarters to the module, and the production and operation component includes end-perceptions; and data levels vary from one layer to another.
High-quality data are the core elements of industrial intelligence, determining the quality of training and reasoning in industry models. The fragmentation of industry applications and the difficulty of obtaining non-generalized data from enterprises are some of the factors that have constrained industry intelligence in the past; and the training and reasoning of large models requires high-quality industry data, especially from industrial control systems and objects.
Data generated by ot (optionaltechnology) devices such as networking devices, which are usually part of the instrument set up to be old and unable to produce intelligent output or simply to support local interconnections, thus synergizing the peripherals of different protocols, and enabling the smooth direct processing and flow of data is an important link in building the competitiveness of large models; ultimately, by
The big model upgrades of the data will also benefit the peers by making the data-model-applications fly-over rotations. Enabling tools are key to the intellectual landing of the industry, and the i-development platform accelerates engineering.
In turn, user cases facilitate the acceleration of tool development; thus, the platform needs to support zero base, zero code development, and data needs to exchange access with the one platform, to efficiently flow across multiple engines in order to accelerate large model rotations. In the case of Heconway, for example, the one-open platform, zero-base users can develop their own industry smart algorithms, smart hardware through the platform.
The enterprise selects a diversity of applications, platforms, data, basics, and equipment. Since the enterprise is intelligently designed to use a variety of suppliers for applications, platforms, data, and equipment, the company will be able to use a wide variety of software and software.
So solutions designers like Heicon and Hua need to be fully open. As an example, Heiconway should be able to apply to marginal nodes, marginal area applications, cloud centre applications and Internet operations applications for intelligent applications, open platforms to support global intelligent applications: smart networks, videos have been created on the platform.
Integration of enabling, integrated wiring services, resource management dispatch, spatial information services and ai open platform; Data capacity-building of industry-wide configuring data resource platforms; provision of cloud computing, cloud storage and large data base platforms at base platforms; and opening of full series of equipment interfaces at end of equipment.
In everyday life, an artificial, intelligent translator supports efficient communication across languages and cultures; in industrial manufacturing, the integration of an individual can be enhanced.
A high degree of automation and intelligence, and the application landscape includes the “research supply” components; in the area of industrial manufacturing, the application of ai offers possibilities for optimizing production processes and reducing costs. As the industry moves to intelligence, data is dispersed as a major constraint to digitalization.
Automation upgrades and networking information have been gradually completed and production efficiency has been enhanced, but as the installed and operational plates are often built vertically, data sets tend to exist separately, further multi-operational linkages and decision-making require a unified platform for integration, analysis and effective output of the data links;
Manufacturing, in turn, tends to have a long production process, multiple scenes, input costs, and manufacturing firms tend to stop at a digital stage, making the early “workshop”i model impossible to scale. Artificial intelligence has evolved since 1956 after 70 years of technological evolution, and large models have emerged as solutions to digitalization.
The first wave - the birth of artificial intelligence: A.I. was born in 1956, and the schools of symbolism, connectionism and behaviouralism were formed from different angles: symbolicism is the transformation of the real system into a symbol system.
Using dynamic search methods to solve problems; connectingism is a way to simulate and realize people’s perceptions; behavioralism is an expression of intelligence and environmental functions; this phase is dominated by studies such as language translation, certification, etc. The second wave of artificial intelligence moves from theory to practice: artificial intelligence began to be emphasized in the 1980’s.
Statistical machine learning to achieve intelligence, statistical machine learning to become the mainstream of artificial intelligence research.
In 2016, alphago, which combines connectivity and behavioral algorithms, emerged, using depth-enhanced learning to optimize chess strategies that demonstrate the ability of people to think beyond human beings in complex areas.
A new generation of technology-large models: 2017 Google proposed a neuron network structure based on attention mechanisms that allows efficient learning and processing of sequenced data, which has had a huge impact in the area of natural language processing. In 2022, openai launched a chhatgpt chat service based on the gpt-3.5 large model, two on line.
The month was over 100 million; in 2023, the era of common artificial intelligence was accelerated by the introduction of large models of language and multimodels. Artificial intelligence opened another wave of technology, with three major factor algorithms, data, and arithmetic breakthroughs.
In terms of data, China predicts that global data will be 23 times as high as 2020, that global connectivity (fp32) will be greater than 105 zflops (fp 16) and that, in terms of algorithms, the collapse of large model applications will gradually change industrial ecology; and as artificial intelligence is moving from perception to cognitive intelligence, 2030.
The global market for artificial intelligence will be larger than US$20 trillion a year, and China’s core artificial intelligence industry model will exceed US$4 trillion by 2030. The big model is an efficient way to resolve data on discrete industries, with pre-training and fine-tuning the accelerated model “getting roots.”
In-depth learning has remained within the basic framework of statistical learning: feature extraction and template matching: for emerging concepts or entities, developers are required to collect data from scratch, train and debug models, optimize deployment, and develop costs are high, making it difficult to benefit the industry and small and medium-sized enterprises that are disaggregated. Large models are the logic behind the data.
Pre-training on generic big data, efficient accumulation and inheritance of data and knowledge and generalization capacity, and fine-tuning through small-scale data during actual downstream tasks, can achieve the results of traditional small models and can be used on a learning-by-learning basis and with greater accuracy; ultimately, industry users have reduced R & D costs and deployed online
The process is considerably simplified, so that ai can be more widely available. The efficiency of large model-based development can be 10-100 times higher than that of a “workshop” one by one. A particular scenario requires a re-engineering of the ii model once again, with more input than the traditional i model “workshop” by one.
And over a long period of time, the development of a big pre-training model scenario is based on an enhanced training of large models, which can automatically be extracted from small models suitable for the scene, with a reduction in the development cycle from the monthly level to the sky level; i industrialization, which can be 10-100 times more efficient than the production of a workshop, with the development model moving from a workshop to an industrialization development model.
For example, through the training of small models in 10 missions (more than 40,000 data sets) and the comparison of small samples in large models, pre-trained large visual models can outperform the performance of small models using full amounts of data and significantly reduce the cost of model customization by requiring only 10 per cent of the small business models.
A big model is usually divided into three layers, and industrial intelligent participants choose how to construct it according to their size. A large model consists of three layers of basic models, industry models, and scenario models: a basic model consists of a universal basic capability to extract knowledge from big data and learn a common expression: a large industry model is based on a broad base model that combines industrial knowledge.
Build, with industry data, self-learning large-scale knowledge of a given industry; scenario models are simulation models oriented towards a disaggregated scenario, fine-tuning industry models and producing models that meet deployment requirements. For industry smart players - enterprises, base models can be constructed themselves or obtained through model providers, industry models are large.
Models can be constructed using home-grown industry data based on model provider base models, and scenario model applications can be built on their own or customized through a platform already available to model providers, with firms making flexible choices that fit their own size.
Industry intelligent developers determine the range of services according to their business boundaries. Industry intelligent developers such as Wah, Haikang, Wai, etc. can provide users with different kinds of intelligent services depending on their own hardware (chips, peripheral devices), software, network infrastructure, etc.
(a) A base support for computing, built up by hardware capabilities, such as arithmetic, oceanstor storage and the Galactic Ideas Network, to provide arithmetic platforms and ai services for industry users, while providing a `ai-rental ' for multi-user users open to customers; and a development platform through multi-user cumulative data governance to assist users in bringing applications to the ground;
The industry participants are both overlapping and cooperating in their business. A user-represented participant with software, networks, hardware, etc., is moving from video to full intelligence in the form of security.
Participants who are able to extend, as well as independent software companies, systems integrators, etc. in the industrial intelligent stages, which overlap and complement their operations, take the example of the operational model of Heiconway, where companies and hardware developers, independent software developers, algorithms, and an open platform based on ai
Commercial algorithm organizations, big data producers, etc. are open and cooperative and offer a variety of solutions options to clients. Figure 27: Oceanview Open Cooperation Models, Small Particle Sites need to open marketing networks, Large Particle Operations focus on business capacity-building in large models, infrastructure, etc.
The functions of the video go from monitoring to monitoring, with the counterpart group shifting primarily from government to business, and with China representing participants with the basic capabilities of software, networks, etc., to those with the intelligent extension of the video monitoring and monitoring operations, etc., there is a gradual increase in overlap. In fragmentation operations, businesses such as Haikang are based on business foundations.
The comprehensive marketing network established by the Videolinks Association has client and data-accumulation moats; in operations with larger particles, such as smart cities, Chinese-represented manufacturers have infrastructure and common hardware and software capabilities, have service advantages in building base structures, and participants are open, competitive and cooperative.
Smart-associated and engineering capabilities shape core competitiveness from hardware to software to smart-studies, and along the digitalization of the scene, companies build a comprehensive solution capability ranging from hardware to software, channels to ecology.
As the security operations move from basic recognition to integrated smartware solutions, the business content moves from hardware recognition to software processing recognition information, to the systematization process for identifying information, which eventually moves to business/business model intelligence; as business content changes, the company moves from initial hardware recognition to integration software for identifying information processing.
And then the building of software and data architecture to form the basis for solution development, eventually to the basic technical framework for applying large models to dig for value of data, in which manufacturing capacity, network access and real data from thousands of walks of life, and ecology from work together allow technologies to be built.
In terms of understanding data and building data related to the extraction of data values, the company has largely completed a smart-matter confluence transition. 13-14 years of video surveillance ip and toc Internet outreach; 15 years of video production aiization, based on video extension technology applications; 16 years of video surveillance intelligence (ai opportunity period), multiviaization of products; 17 years of video monitoring.
Construction of a basic three-storey computing architecture (marginal nodes, marginal areas and cloud hubs) and open platforms; 18 years of product-end integration (two pools of four platforms) and business-end integration based on computational architecture (three main clusters); 19 years of visualization equipment development from video surveillance to multi-dimensional hardware based on new business architecture; 20-21 years of positioning intelligence
Together, big models and big data inputs, 23 years have basically completed a smart-matter transition based on the digitalization of the scene to the ot (operationaltechnology operating technology). As digital demand evolves, companies have evolved from recognition technology to large-scale models that continue to be configured.
The team launched a series of industry smart products, developed a recognition technology based on depth learning over 12 years with the breakthrough of depth learning, pioneered a structured server based on gpu combined with depth learning over 15 years, and expanded a well-developed system of smart products; with the rise of the industry, the company released aicloud over 17 years.
(a) Build a three-storey structure of marginal nodes, marginal areas and cloud centres based on the concept of “cloud integration” that will form a one-size-fits-all digital solution that will open up the ai landing practice, with an 18-year launch of an open-ai platform that will provide enablers;
The construction of a large-scale model system has been completed. Multi-dimensional sensing techniques have strengthened the foundation of the confluence of intelligent matter. Digitalization of the scene has increased the demand for information and data collection, and companies have developed a comprehensive physical sensor technology layout.
The former company’s products cover a full range of electromagnetic waves, mechanical waves, and other objects such as temperature, humidity, pressure, magnetic sensor technology, making more external data perceptible, building foundations for the analysis and application of data from all walks of life. Long waves ranging from visible light to near-red, medium-red, far-red and millimetre waves have been covered in the field of electromagnetic waves.
Short wave direction to and from ultraviolet light, x-rays, etc.; mechanical wave areas already cover the senses from the hearing to the ultrasound frequency band; other physical senses include techniques such as power, telemetry, magnetic sensors, etc. Multi-dimensional senses build the bottom technological platform, opening the door to the physical and digital world.
In the field of energy, failure screening for high-voltage power facilities is carried out through the integration of visible, ultraviolet and thermal imaging, with a view to improving the efficiency of inspections; in the industrial sector, failure detection of production equipment through the integration of audio and video
In the environmental field, changes in water levels are effected through integrated video and millimetre-breed perception. A thousand-way high-quality data cast through multi-dimensional sensing is used to protect the city's rivers.
Effective tools to accelerate solutions are gradually being introduced into the digital application of the landscape, with high-quality data becoming the central advantage of the Division. As industry data are broken down, owing to low universality and low public availability, new entrants are finding it difficult to access high-quality industry data needed for large model pre-training.
Direct industry data build-up, hardware products cover intelligent sensing networks built along physical volumes such as electromagnetic waves, mechanical waves and so on, enabling products to sink into debris scenarios through powerful marketing networks; with large model applications, the full range of high-quality industry data for large model pre-training can be provided, development efficiency enhanced, and self-researched models refined.
Simple technology, where actual reasoning accelerates by more than 10 times. The framework of cloud-side integration to build intelligent goods combines lowers the cost of landing applications through cloud-side deployment.
The Division ' s cloudside deployment computing structure saves arithmetical efficiency by modeling the reasoning of peripheral devices (e.g., smart analysis servers, smart nvr, etc.) for marginal data with high real-time requirements to be deployed on the edges; online information processing with computing platforms can be used at cloud ends, corporate cloud service management platforms
Cloud vision, with access to more than 4.9 million road terminals by the end of 23 years, has been successful, calling nearly 100 million times a day. By combining the edges of the cloud, a large model application can also make numeracy, cost, time frame one open platform provide engineering enablers that can be the key to opening a thousand lines of industry.
Demand makes rapid response to custom algorithms key to achieving demand, and the Oceanview has built an open platform to speed up solutions. The Oceanview Open platform allows data collection and labelling, model training, hardware matching, equipment reasoning to full process capability coverage for business, housing, and business.
Dozens of industries such as construction, health care, and intelligent transport have opened up 50-plus scenarios, allowing users to customize intelligent applications for uncoded development, achieving a large model capability of “open-box-as-you-go”, lowering the opening threshold and providing landing tools.
As the industry becomes intelligent, Heikang has started to develop a large-scale pre-training model-related researcher since the beginning of 2021.
The company has now constructed a complete large-scale model system - based on large models, industry models, and basic models: absorbing big data knowledge, with large parameters, high generalizations, excellent performance, etc. Depending on input patterns, it can be divided into large visual models, large audio models, large language models, large multimodules, etc.
Models, etc., plus large models of characteristics based on the accumulation of combs, such as fibre-optic models, x-ray models, etc. Large industry models: based on broad-based models, using industry data for further pre-training and fine-tuning, with expert-level competence in the field of targeted sex industries, which can be pushed at cloud centres and edges with some acceleration of compression
Rationale applications, including large power models, large road models, large coal mine models, hydropower models, retail models, large orbital models, large industrial manufacturing models, large urban pipe models, etc. Mission models: Focusing on a particular scenario or business is an important way to locate large models.
Large industry models are tailored to the different needs of users and can be deployed on clouds (large task models) or on edges (small task models) to achieve cloud edge integration; these include task models with features such as watch inspections, belt inspections, door inspections, production irregularities testing, construction machine identification, etc.
Large visual models absorb the advantages of monitoring and multi-module pre-training, with a significant increase in the ability to recognize multiple scenes. In large visual models, the training stability of models is improved by introducing model structures and training techniques in the natural language processing the nlp field into visual models; building structural information on visual signals through self-supervision pre-training; and making use of multiple models.
Model pre-training semantic messages for diagnosing visual signals; eventually forming high-quality visual indicators at the image, regional and pixel levels. Based on the above model, in a multi-professional training sample of internal constructions, magnified large-scale models are tested for 18.9% performance enhancement in the same scene test, 63.8% performance enhancement in the cross-scenes test, and business-by-scenes customization.
A big audio model solves the complex landscape of open audio, and a large language model gives the machine cognitive and reasoning skills. A big audio model is designed on a billion-year scale, with millions of hours of training data, using self-supervised pre-training methods and an encoder-decoder network architecture based on Transformer, optimizing the speed of training through a distributed approach.
Large-scale industry models have been used to detect anomalies in equipment such as electricity, energy, etc. Large-scale models have been achieved through pre-training, supervised fine-tuning, and intensive learning based on human feedback: pre-training combines parameters on a large scale.
Transformer model, based on accumulated hundreds of billions of token high-quality text-based data, eventually reached 58% of the effective use of gpu, with a first-class industry competitive, based on visual, audio, text, laser radar, millimetre wave radar, fibre optics, x-rays, etc.
Signals learn to integrate and produce multi-module models that solve a variety of underlying problems: 1) multi-model models with graphic data pre-trained on the basis of language models, with visual cognitive and text understanding capabilities, with users simply providing image input instructions to complete the task and significantly lower application thresholds; 2) multi-mode vision
Large-scale models, for example, in the area of intelligent transport, using millimetre-wave radar and high-resolution cameras to construct real-value systems of vehicles and road deployments built by Haikang for training in the sustainable accumulation of high-quality cloud data. Figure 40: Multi-model multi-model large-form model maps
Large predictive models provide state prediction, unusual detection, and decision support in various fields. Large mass conglomerates generate multidimensional sequence data and construct patterns of change over time and space. Large predictive models are based on a network structure of transmerencoder-decoder, using self-regression, sequence re-engineering and comparative learning.
The technology is pre-trained to extract data relevance to build forecasting capabilities; and to use a small amount of label information, values, etc., to fine-tune supervised to achieve a broad range of prediction tasks. The large fibre-optic model is based on fibre-optic sensor and only 10 per cent of the data volume of the traditional deep learning model is capable of scenario deployment.
Fibre-optic models generate signal understanding and time sequence signals based on the transformerencoder-decoder structure, extracting multi-dimensional signal structure information through self-supervisive pre-training.
For example, in the area of electricity, large models are used to generate, transfer, transform, distribute and use power in order to achieve safety and security.
With a complex and mobile operating environment, the security smart control system will significantly optimize the pressure of security control; smart inspection will significantly enhance the ability to recognize defects and anomalies, reduce manual involvement and increase efficiency through equipment such as sensory equipment, robotics, humanless machines, etc.
In-house growth and efficiency gains can be achieved by enabling large-scale models. For fibre-optic products, for example, regular signal regulation and processing programmes have a low volume of noise and calibration work; large-scale models can be reduced by 90% of the training to start up the data volume; smart tagging can shorten the data marking cycle and fine-tune through the scene without having to be top-heavy.
To enhance flexible production efficiency, large-scale models can use data such as historical demand for products and changing trends to forecast, make up, transfer, etc.
Optimization of processes such as the purchase of raw materials, resulting in an increase of almost 10 per cent in the delivery rate and an increase of nearly 10 per cent in the purchase order rate; Automation and improvement of the quality of goods through production process monitoring.
Many, non-single vertical industrial chains, on the basis of which Heiconway has established a model of ecological cooperation for stubble trees. Technically, open-access standards and safeguards are working with research institutes, product-end open-access standards are working with hardware and software developers, algorithms, etc., and programmes, services and marketing systems are open and accelerated through cooperation among industry participants.
Our profit projections are based on the following assumptions:
The business community ebg, which is predominantly based on the digitalization of enterprises in the management, production, services, etc., requires solutions and is expected to grow faster, driven by the upgrading of the enterprise's productivity.
Small and medium-sized enterprise smbg provides products and programme services mainly for small-scale digital intelligence needs of small and medium-sized enterprises, with a high macroeconomic correlation between the growth rate of their portfolio and the projected growth rate of 5 per cent/4 per cent per cent per year for 24-26 years Overseas operations: companies' overseas operations are gradually opening up to developing countries, as of 23 years in the international and Australasia regions
80 molecular companies and offices have been set up, 17 overseas logistics depots have been established, 13 overseas call centres have been set up, hardware is moving towards soft and hard combination solutions, and Māori overseas operations are expected to increase as a proportion of software is integrated Innovative operations: higher income particles are generated faster with fluorescent networks, robotics, thermal imaging and auto electrons
Growth in innovation has been maintained at a relatively rapid pace, with a projected 24-26-year growth rate expected to achieve optimism: if macroeconomic growth is lower than expected and corporate business expansion is higher than expected, assuming a 3 per cent increase in corporate growth rates, a 3 per cent increase in equity distribution ratios over neutral scenarios, a 3 per cent increase in operating costs, management costs, research and development costs, etc.
Pessimistic scenario: if macroeconomic growth is lower than expected, assuming a 5 per cent decline in the growth rate of corporate revenue, a neutral distribution of dividends, a business-cost ratio, management-cost rates, R&D rates, sales-cost rates, turnover taxes, based on a combination of big data on company-owned business, software and hardware solutions applied by smart goods
Consider some software, models, and models that have some similarity with Science and Technology, and are chosen as a reference: The stock of Da Hwa is the provider and operator of the Wirtschaftsprüfer solution at the heart of the video, with a lot and things.
The combined intelligence platform technology is underpinned by the intellectual transformation of thousands of jobs. Client groups include public utilities and companies of all sizes: similar to Heconway's vision, as video technology develops, the Chinese also use the ai, big data, etc. to form a range of industry solutions, with a large model-based, product-hard combination.
Thousands of technologies are companies that provide solutions in areas such as intelligent transport and smart goods. The company’s transport operations provide solutions related to life-cycle management of road assets for customers such as local governments, corporations, state corporations, and operators: the Federation operates with its fully-owned subsidiary, Zhejiang Woo.
Starting from a solution provider that gradually transforms into an intelligent goods consortium solutionr, the business structure is based on Heiconway, Science Major Air, a smart voice and ai technology that provides products and services in the fields of education, health, urban governance, consumer electricity, automobiles, etc.
Smart Education - Integrated solutions including educational products and services, teaching operations: Smart Medicine - Optimizing the process of medical care using the ai technology and improving the accuracy of medical diagnosis; Smart City - provision of services such as political and legal applications, information engineering, safety technology prevention engineering, including smart finance, smart cars
It is a digital platform service provider whose main business revolves around the life cycle of engineering projects and provides clients with digital soft and hardware products, solutions and related services.
In the area of construction, Hiroshima provides professional products and services using digital technologies such as the im (building information model), big data, physical networking, mobile Internet, industry ai, etc., to help upgrade the construction industry.
By comparing the 18-23 harvests of comparable companies, Heiconway saw a higher rate of harvests than his counterparts, with a higher rate of growth than the 22 years of industry pressure, and a higher level of business resilience than his counterparts; looking forward to 23-24 years, despite macroeconomic uncertainties, the focus of the company's operations is ebg
Migration and accelerated growth of innovation are expected to keep growing at the end of the harvest. Figure 48: Comparison of non-net profits of companies from 2018 to 2023 (millions of dollars) compared to the non-net profits of firms from 18 to 23 years compared to the shares of their counterparts in China, technology and technology.
Heconway sees net profits less volatile than his peers; moreover, the high-profile, wide-bandwidth and high-visibility components overlap, while Heconwet receives less than the above-mentioned companies but more profitable than their counterparts, based on cost advantages in terms of products, channels, inputs, etc.; and the costs of Hecon, which benefit from years of accumulation in terms of industrial intelligence.
We have adopted a relative valuation method that compares relative valuation indicators with the same or similar security firms as the company’s business, e.g., large-scale shares, technology, etc., with comparable averages in 2024.
The reference to the valuation, taking into account the company ' s leadership and growth, provides a premium of 10 per cent on the average industry dynamicspe, and eventually gives the company a 24-year doublepe valuation, which may not take sufficient account of the market and the risk of the industry ' s overall optimism, leading to an overestimation of performance over the next three years.
Risks of overestimating annual performance. Risks of overestimating annual performance. Downward risks in the global economy: current slowdown in major global economies and uneven growth across regions.
Risk volatility cannot be eliminated. Companies now cover more than 150 regions overseas, with 80 overseas sub-divisions operating on the basis of actual conditions across countries, but in the event of a global recession, the company’s business will also be affected.
Risks of structural transformation of the domestic economy: ongoing restructuring of domestic infrastructure, real estate-related markets, limited trade protection policies for some countries and products, weakened labour force advantages, and economic upgrading.
Related, but productivity transitions are difficult to scale up at short notice, structural pressures persist, and fluctuations in the process will continue to affect corporate operations. Geopolitical environment risks: higher global geopolitical uncertainties, fragmentation of political landscapes, companies in recent years
To adjust the resource allocation to the business environment, more than 60 per cent of developing countries operating abroad, but if the geo-political environment deteriorates further, companies may operate in some countries and regions adversely; Internal management risks: companies continue to grow in scale, new products and internal management in the process of business expansion
There has been an increase in complexity, and the number of senior employees has continued to grow over the past few years, and the company’s operations are likely to be adversely affected if the level of management of the company has not kept pace with business development and reduced human effectiveness.
The cost of financing is low, but if the economy is affected by environmental impacts and the risk of the market ' s overall liquidity increases, the company ' s return may slow down and have a negative impact on operations.
The risk of uncertainty about the future development of the company will increase as a result of a failure in decision-making on the location of business and product strategies that can closely track technological advances at the frontier. Intellectual property rights risk: companies sustain larger R & D inputs, produce large amounts of technology, and store them.
Legal compliance risks: the world’s multilateral trading system is more politically hard hit, local laws and regulations are more complex for business activities, data regulations are tightened around the world, and companies’ legal compliance capacity is more demanding.
The risk of exchange rate fluctuations: the company operates in several countries and regions of the overseas market and is settled mainly in foreign currency; the public administration uses financial instruments reasonably to mitigate risks, but the foreign currency exposure generated by sales, procurement, and financing is objective.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject