In the context of the Twin Carbon Six, we have a new opportunity to re-engine, and we have a depth report on the base wood power, which is a leading company in our heavy-car industry, with engines, bridges, transmission boxes.
After years of development, it has been successful in building a pattern of collaborative development of industrial plates such as power generation, whole-carrying, and intelligent logistics.
Research and development aids are energy-efficient and environmentally friendly, and the country's top six priorities are clear: 20 years of corporate R & D investment, a relatively deep 300 index performance, and a 50% coverage in the card industry. Companies release their first 50.23% of the world's engines.
In the country’s six-fold context, companies are expected to achieve a double increase in both municipal and Maori rates. Full deployment of fuel cells, with traditional and new sources of energy, goes hand in hand: carbon peaks will push internal combustion engines.
The industry is upgrading key core technologies such as energy-saving emission reductions. The company’s traditional and new energy sources have gone hand-in-hand, with 20,000 fuel cell engines and reactor production lines now in place. As of April 20, the company has accumulated more than 300 hydrogen fuel cell vehicles, with a cumulative operation of over 6 million.
kilometre. With the industrial downside of the fcev bus, the hydrogen-energy card is expected to be a real life-long cost equal for the next 5 to 10 years, and the hydrogen-energy card will be the driving force behind the future growth of the fuelwood engine. Ten billion dollars in incremental power, the medium- and long-term layout core technology plate: the company released 13 billion dollars in 2020.
Non-public distributiona share-stock programme, of which 2 billion were spent on fuel cell whole-industry chain projects and 4 billion on the annual report of _aaa_wood power (000338) on high-end motor projects for roads at the level of 6 and above emission standardh platforms across the range of countries, with 3 billion spent on high-end motor projects
The Cvt engine has been industrialized as a result of a large tank high-end engine project and a 3 billion-dollar evaluation report for the full series of hydraulic motors combined and large _aaa_  wood power (000338).
Taking into account the company's leading position in the heavy card industry, its dual carbon and the country's technological reserve advantage, its future growth in agricultural machinery and its future prospects for hydrogen-energy heavy cards, giving public risk factors: less than expected demand in the logistics sector; less than anticipated development of core technologies; fuel cells.
China’s leading automobile and equipment manufacturing industry has focused on supporting enterprises, internationalizing alongside innovation.
The company’s former diesel factory was created in 1946, and the fuelwood engine is a State-sponsored backbone enterprise that develops, manufactures, and sells domestic combustion engines. In 2004, the wood engine was listed in Hong Kong as the first company in Hong Kong in the combustion engine industry, which was able to open up the internationalization of capital.
The heavy-carat gold industry chain (seed wood engine + Faust gear tank + Hand bridge + car weight card) was then combined with a scavenger torch, returned from h to a share, creating a “scave wood model” in the capital market. Since 2009, the scavengers have acquired a century-old French Bodouan engine, and have strategically restructured the luxury tour.
In cooperation with the industrial forklift and the service provider, the German Keeju Group strategy, the boat manufacturing company, which buys Germany's Lindh hydraulic fluids and achieves national production, supports the Keejo group in acquiring the Automated Logistics Provider, DeMartek, United States. Starting in 2018, the company began to install a new energy industry.
Psi, the firm-state oxide fuel cell provider, Cyris, and Helium fuel cell provider, Barad, Canada, have strategically restructured German Odess, Austria vds, and have achieved global and balanced development. Meanwhile, firewood has been built in India, for example, through technology export, production cooperation, etc.
Localized manufacturing landings have been achieved. 1.2 Governments at all levels of government have intruding and controlling shares, with strong shareholder backgrounds, including the parent company ' s fuelwood holdings (17.72 per cent), the national capital investment group (3.74 per cent), and Austria ' s technical advice on vm
The company’s main holding subsidiary covers the heavy-carat chain, smart logistics-related operations. The heavy-carat chain-related business is the traditional main business of the Department, and the flag covers wood engines (heavy card engine taps, 100%) and salami heavy gas (domestic).
The operations related to smart logistics are new to companies, mainly through M&As (5 per cent), DeMartek, in the area of forklifts, logistics supply systems.
The company is a leading company in the heavy card industry, and its main business consists of key components represented by wood engines, the whole engine plate, the whole engine block, the smart logistics block represented by the heavy gas. And the company's tradition.
The main business continues to be the chain of heavy-cards made up of whole cars and key spare parts, accounting for 58.60 per cent of total operating income in 2020, supplemented by the intelligent logistics industry that has entered into the recent years through the acquisition of Kaio de Matek, which accounts for around 32.90 per cent of total revenue.
In addition, the corporate asset-liability ratio declined by almost 2 per cent compared to 2016, and the financial structure was more robust. Figure 5: Growth of corporate operating income (billion yuan) China ' s heavy card market: steady growth, with three main trends contributing to industry development
cyclical fluctuations have been reduced, demand has grown steadily, heavy cards have been used as durable capital products, and demand has fluctuated with the economic cycle, so that sales have become more cyclical. Over the past four years, recard sales have remained stable as a whole, and in the last year they have been affected by the economic recovery.
Growth is faster. Thanks to the positive trends in a few major industries, we expect better overall and more stable card sales over the next few years, which are expected to remain above 1.1 million in the next two years. 2.1.1 tractor sales are rising faster, and demand for heavy cards as a whole rises.
According to the NAAA classification, semi-trailer vehicles are for logistics purposes, while heavy-card chassis (incomplete vehicles) is for engineering purposes, and re-cards vary according to their use. Currently, our heavy-cards are mainly used for logistics, and demand for tractors has grown faster as the Internet shopping and express delivery industries have developed in recent years.
Moreover, the demand for heavy-cards in the logistics transport sector as a whole is relatively stable, less affected by the economic cycle than the demand for jobs affected by government-driven capital investment. As the country’s economy is growing steadily, macroeconomic upwards continue, and the trend in road freight volumes is long-term upwards, driving.
By contrast, the sales of heavy cards, engines, and transformer boxes are growing steadily. Thanks to China’s continued economic growth, we predict that the volume of road freight will continue to rise, and that the demand for heavy card industries will also be used as capital for durable goods, with total holdings growing steadily as sales grow.
We have more than 7 million heavy-card holdings, a 3.5-fold increase over the decade in 2008. The average life expectancy of heavy-cards is around 6-10 years, and therefore the replacement of prior-period heavy-cards will contribute a part of the increased heavy-card demand.
Of these (16.17 million), 775,000 were from the need for renewal, accounting for approximately 47.96 per cent, while in 2019 (1.17 million) the volume of heavy card sales rose sharply, breaking by 1 million for the first time in 2010, after which industry experienced a sharp reduction in the volume of bad card sales in the lower cycle.
On 21 April, the Centre for the Development of Equipment Industry of the Ministry of Trade and Communications issued a circular stating that production and sale of heavy diesel vehicle products that did not meet the requirements of the country’s six standards would cease as of 1 July 2021. Compared to the country’s five standards, engine testing conditions changed from a European steady state, transient cycle (esc, etc) to a world steady state, transient cycle (whsc, whtc) and increased.
Emissions require that the emission limits for particulates and ammonia be reduced by about half, and for hydrocarbons and nitrogen oxides by more than 70%. Additional vehicle-borne emission tests (pems) and non-standard cycle emission test requirements and limits (wnte) are also required. National standards six impose higher requirements for heavy diesel vehicles, and national diesel five.
The introduction of new standards has facilitated a new demand for old products and stocks, and higher entry barriers and production costs have led to a corresponding increase in the price of sales, which has led to an increase in the volume price. Two emission standards have been raised in the last decade, and the country upgraded in 2013 to a country of three, 2017.
Five, as can be seen from the rolling volume map, both years have been a marketing phase. Figure 16: Progress in the implementation of national standards for the new production of motor vehicle emissions.
Companies focused on R & D inputs, which in 2020 amounted to $8,294 million, and R & D investments grew steadily by more than 10% a year, well above their competitors. In terms of STI, companies have more than 20,000 technologists worldwide and have R & D institutions in 10 locations in five countries.
National research and development platforms, such as the National Centre for Research in Engineering and Technology of the National Commercial Automotive System, the National Strategic Alliance for Innovation in the Industry of New Energy Sources of Commercial Automobile and Engineering Machinery, and the National Professional Space, have research bases such as the "Pastworker Workstation" and the "postdoctoral Workstation" and a demonstration base for State intelligent manufacturing.
The establishment of R & D centres in Hai, Xian, Chongqing, Yangzhou, etc., as well as cutting-edge technology innovation centres around the globe, have created a global platform for collaborative R & D to ensure that enterprise technology levels remain at the forefront of the world.
Figure 18: Comparable R & D spending by companies (billion yuan) National Six has been launched, and demand is expected to remain high over the next three years. In 2016, the Ministry of Environmental Protection and the State Quality Control Service issued " Emissions limits and measurement methods for light vehicle pollutants (phase VI of China) " , as of 1 July 2020
In 2018, the Ministry of Environmental Protection and the Directorate-General of State Quality Control issued the " Emission limit values and measurement methods for heavy diesel vehicles (phase VI of China) " , which have been in effect since 1 July 2019. With hard technological innovation, most of the wood products have been upgraded in accordance with the country ' s six emission requirements, making them the six-point mark of the small number of finished countries on the market.
In 2021, the economic performance of the country will continue to improve, with a recovery in social consumption and a return on capital investment.
The demand for heavy cards is still to be released, thanks to the combined effect of the enhancement and the accelerated promotion of semi-trailer regulations. In 2020, the high growth of the heavy-card market was partly offset by instability of overseas epidemics, uncertainty in international trade, and a lack of movement of the heavy-card market and 2020. It is expected that market demand will probably remain stable at 1.25 million in 2021.
In addition, on September 16, 2020, a first 50.23 per cent of the world ' s engines were released, identified by global industry associations as the first breakthrough in the field and commercialized. An estimated 10,000 km of a 49-ton heavy truck.
In addition, the company has invested nearly 30 billion dollars in R & D over the last 10 years, the product has been largely digested and will not affect future gains.
The more a factory can afford, the more a virtuous business income it has, the more Māori will invest in research and development, the more a virtuous circle it will be, the more it will be able to pull out of the market, and the future market position for firewood will rise further, opening up a new market space. We expect that the revenue will grow in 21/22/23 for fuelwood powered cars and critical parts.
Data from the agency of the Energy and Climate Information Group (ECI) show that dozens of countries and regions have now proposed “zero carbon” or “carbon neutral” climate targets. From a regional perspective, Europe has the largest number of countries and regions.
Iceland, Sweden, and several EU member states, the United Kingdom, and so on, have announced zero carbon between 2035 and 2045. Japan, in East Asia, has committed itself to zero carbon by 2050, compared with China’s zero carbon target of 2060.
The next industry, 28%, and transport, 9.66%. If we are to achieve carbon neutrality by 2060, we have to achieve efficient substitution of fossil energy in these three areas. Globally, carbon emissions from electricity generation and heating are expected to be higher.
The region of developed countries, represented by North America and the European Union, remains in first place, with 41.71%, followed by transport, with 24.64%, and industry, 18.73%. By contrast, the region of developed countries, represented by North America and the European Union, differs considerably from our carbon emission structure. North America’s carbon emission structure is similar to that of the European Union, generating heat and co-opt.
Both carbon emissions and air pollutants are responsible for heavy fuel cards in the transport sector. According to the Environment Ministry’s annual report on mobile-source environmental management in China (2020), in 2019, the country’s motor vehicle emissions were estimated to be around 30%.
The emissions of nitrogen oxides (nox) and particulates (pm) are concentrated mainly in the commercial car sector (large and medium passenger vehicles, trucks), with a heavy card accounting for 74 per cent of the nox emissions, and a heavy card accounting for 52.4 per cent of the pm emissions.
The development of hydrogen-energy heavy cards is one of the most promising roads in the field of heavy-carat green and energy-efficient emission reductions, and it is expected that by 2050 more than 50% of our heavy trucks will be powered by hydrogen fuel cells, which have low penetration rates, and the bus will be launched as a priority. By the end of 2020, the national fuel-cell vehicle will have been activated.
More than 7352 vehicles were delivered, which represents a significant gap compared to developed countries such as the United States, Japan, and Korea, and the current promotion of hydrogen fuel cells is largely constrained by hydrogen gas storage technology, the long construction cycle of hydrogen plants, and the high cost of reactor production. The industry is still in the importing phase. In 17, 18 and 19 years, China sold 1,272 and 1,527 hydrogen fuel cell vehicles, respectively.
And 2,737 vehicles, with sales of 777,000, 1256,000 and 1206,000 vehicles, respectively, compared to the new energy sources, still have low penetration rates and industrialization lags significantly behind pure electric vehicles. The commercial logic of the fuel cell industry is positive feedback on volume and price, driving the build-up of fuel cells through the ten-city 1,000 policy.
In the area of buses, buses, and buses, the volume of 100,000 units has been reduced to scale production and industry costs have been reduced. At this stage, the production of hydrogen-energy vehicles in the current segment is about 1,000 per year. At this stage, we have a contract to discount the cost of our reactors at $190 per kilowatt. When 10,000 units are produced, the cost of reactors can be reduced to $39 per kilowatt, or only 21 per cent of the current level.
The price falls below $420 per kilowatt, and the full life cost of fuel cells in the heavy-carat area is competitive, starting with the start-up of the heavy-carat market. The interaction of volume prices has enabled fuel cells to become widely available in commercial vehicles and heavy-cars.
A total of six fcev entries in the road transport vehicle compliance chart, with fuel cell heavy card 3 accounting for 50%; logistics vehicle 2, accounting for about 33%; and sanitation vehicle, accounting for about 17%. Carbon peaks are the Government’s commitment to the whole ball, forcing the combustion industry to upgrade key core technologies such as energy-saving emission reductions.
(a) Fuel cells, mixed power, pure electric multi-technology routes that combine traditional and new sources of energy: In 2016, woodwood invested in the development of hydrogen fuel cell passenger vehicles, heavy cards, etc., in deep cooperation with the leading domestic hydrogen fuel cell company, Versailles;
In 2017, a partnership was concluded with Bosch for the development and production of hydrogen fuel cells and related components; In 2018, a full cooperation was established with the United Kingdom Cerespower Corporation in the field of solid oxide fuel cells and a joint venture was established in China.
In August 2018, the company entered into a partnership with Ballard Power Systems Ltd., Canada, the leading global hydrogen fuel cell company. The company invested $163 million in the purchase of 19.9 per cent of Ballad’s shares and became the first major shareholder in Balad.
In December 2019, the company completed its acquisition of Radex, Germany, to acquire design development and system integration capabilities for products such as new energy commercial car electric controllers, electric machines, fuel cell dc/dc transformers, etc. In the first half of 2020, woodwood built 20,000 stage-based fuel cell motors and reactor lines, and built in the mills,
In Jinan, Chai City, 220 hydrogen fuel cell buses were promoted, 10 hydrogen fuel bus lines were opened, and by April 2020 the company had accumulated over 300 hydrogen fuel cell vehicles, with a cumulative operation of over 6 million kilometres. In April 2021, the National Fuel Cell Technology Innovation Centre was officially located in Shandong.
The only provinces that are responsible for the country's “hydrogen-in-manufacturing” science and technology demonstration project are looking for a model for building a future “hydro-energy society” in the context of “carbon peaks, carbon-neutrality.” Both national projects will be led by firewood power, which is expected to boost hundreds of billions of titanium-grade hydrogen energy industries, and deep integration and development in the industrial chain will follow.
By driving the industrial chain with an innovation chain, and by breaking through the commercialization model with core technology, the fuel-drilling power is expected to lead the industry in the field of hydrogen energy cards. With the industrial base of the fcev bus, the hydrogen energy-weight card, or the full life cost-parity that will be achieved in the next 5 to 10 years, the hydrogen-energy card is the driving force behind the future growth of the wood-powered engine.
By the end of 2020, the Group completed the acquisition of the Revo Heavy Worker, relying on its core industries of high-end non-road engine series, cvt power generation and hydraulic power generation.
Resources to install efficient and reliable power “hearts” for the Levo heavy industry and the entire industry, filling up the power will always be the missing shorts. The firewood will also build on its strengths in new technologies, such as electricity control, new energy, and unmanned driving, and will work together efficiently with Levo to build core competitiveness in the next five years to promote the intelligentization of agricultural equipment and the creation of intelligent agriculture.
We're now at a low level of agricultural equipment, and we're looking forward to the acquisition of Revo, which will lead to the transformation and upgrading of our agricultural equipment into an intelligent, sophisticated, intelligent agricultural society and the creation of core technologies. In particular, agriculture, dominated by farmers after 90 or 00, will be transformed into high-tech agriculture, with synergies between the two.
So far, China has been using a large industrial tractor that is all import-driven and is the short-board that exists in the country. The company is now using the market for 240 horsepower, 350 horsepower, which is now being validated and extends down from 250 horsepower to 150 horsepower. A new business growth point has been created.
Cooperation is strategic for accelerating the modernization of agriculture in the country and is consistent with the national development strategy. Restructured heavy labourers will become one of the strategic business blocks of the SWF, providing the opportunity for a significant increase in the share of agricultural equipment.
Industry equipment groups, according to the company’s management’s plan, achieved $50 billion in operating income by 2025, entering the first echelons of the global industry and becoming a new growth point for the fuelwood group. Ten billion dollars in incremental power, medium- and long-term deployment of core technical plates such as fuel cells, cvt, large cylinders, etc.
Launching of the 13 billion undistributed a-stock programme, with a comprehensive layout of the fuel cell industry, hydrogen fuel and solid oxides, hydraulic plate cvt technology, and core technical plates such as large-cylinder diameter power. Of this, 2 billion are for fuel, battery-wide chain projects, and 4 billion are for high-end motors for all series of country-wide emission standard h roads
A total of 3 billion dollars is spent on industrialization projects for high-drive engines, 3 billion on total hydraulic power generation and large-scale cvt power generation projects, and 1 billion on post-life-based, post-market intelligence services. The consolidation of technological barriers in companies’ industries is conducive to a future rise in Māori sales.
The fuelwood power, which identified 2 million diesel machines by 2025, now accounts for 50% of the heavy truck industry in the country. In addition, on September 16, 2020, the fuelwood industry released a 50.23% share of the world ' s top line.
Motives, identified by global industry associations as the first breakthrough in the field, and commercial applications. An estimated 10,000 km of a 49-ton truck saves $1,500 in fuel consumption. A 300,000 km per year saves between $4 and $50,000 per year, and a six-year replacement.
When this process is completed, and does not affect future gains, the development of the country's six engines is not affordable, and the higher the business income of the country's six implementations, the higher the Māori, the higher the input, the more it becomes a virtuous circle, the lower the output is forced out of the market, and the future market position will rise further, opening up new market space for firewood.
In addition, using its strengths in new technological fields such as electricity control, new energy sources, unmanned driving, and working with Revo to create core competitiveness in order to promote the intellectualization of agricultural equipment and the creation of intelligent agriculture, as planned by the management of the company, Revo achieved business income of $50 billion by 2025, and cooperation with Revo will drive the company engine, cvt,
The revenue from sales of hydraulic technology products reduces the company ' s dependence on heavy card engines and increases the company ' s volatility through the cycle, and due to the over-release of heavy card sales in 2020, we conservatively expect total industry sales to turn back in 2021, but the market position of the company has steadily increased, driven by the country ' s six-way drive, and the overall sales of fuelwood heavy cards in 2021-2023 remain secure.
In combination with the synergies created by the company's acquisition of Levo and the opportunities offered by the country's six, we expect that the total number of re-cars sold will be 20/21/22 million, the volume of transformer boxes sold will be 128/1224.5/1232 million, and the volume of engines sold, given the company's leading advantage in R & D inputs and technological reserves, as the capacity of backward production is phased out.
As our economy progresses steadily, macroeconomics continue to rise, electricity lines are warming, and the trend of road cargoes will long be upwards, driving the demand for heavy-cars. In contrast, the weight of fuelwood power, motors, and transmission tanks are growing steadily. As China’s economy continues to grow, we predict that road freight will continue.
Increased demand for tractors will continue to rise, smart logistics plates are expected to maintain a 2 per cent growth rate, and Maori rates are conservatively estimated for other vehicle parts and components and other major plates:
There is much room for future development of vehicle spare parts and other major business. Because of the technological reserve advantages of 5g, cloud age, hydrogen heavy cards, the future growth of Ravo in agricultural machinery and the future prospects of hydrogen heavy cards give companies less than expected demand in the logistics sector; less than anticipated development of core technologies; less than anticipated fuel cell policies; and heavy cards.