On 28 October, the company released its three-quarter report for 2021, which achieved revenue of $8.93 billion in the first three quarters of 2021, an increase of 63 per cent in the same year and a net profit of $1.34 billion in the same year, an increase of 53 per cent in the same period.
The current income is 3.2 billion yuan, an increase of 53 per cent in the same year and 11 per cent in the ring; the net profit is $430 million, an increase in the same year; the volume of the film coming out of the same ring has increased steadily, with a small decline in the single flat ring ratio: the average price of the film has risen slightly in the company ' s q3 quarter, and a slight decrease in the company ' s q3 rubber flat ring ratio has been estimated in accordance with the third quarter.
" Upstream price increases raise costs, q1 performance is in line with pre-arranged raw material price increases and reserve increases, and inventory and advances at the end of q3 are at an all-time high: as of the end of the third quarter, the company ' s inventory stood at 1.78 billion yuan, with an increase of 280 million yuan in ring value; advance payments of 285 million yuan, with an increase in ring value
3. " The share of the film taps is solid and the luminous dynasty is profitable at $104 million, mainly due to the substantial increase in the price of the particles in September in the eva, the increase in the cost of purchasing the raw materials of the company and the pre-positioning of q4.
4. "Q4 vinyl volume rises and the performance ring rises " High growth in R & D inputs and improvement in overall cost ratio: the company spends 120 million yuan on R & D in three quarters, up from one season to the next, the R & D rate is 3.79% and the ring ratio is 0.67 ptt. As the scale of sales expands,
Corporate sales cost rates and management cost ratios have decreased by 0.35 pct, 0.19 pcc, overall cost rate 5.3 per cent, ring price decrease by 0.69 pct. Raw material rapid price increases have magnified procurement advantages or are expected to make q4 net profit performance higher than expected: company advances
The cost of purchasing raw materials is expected to be spread over the company q4 when the price of raw materials increases rapidly due to the length of the procurement cycle. Given the pressure on the cost of the particle part of the membrane price transfer in September, the average price of the q4 membrane is still rising.
Overlaying the raw material acquisition advantage, or the expectation that the company’s q4 flat net profit performance will be over-expected. According to our latest judgment on the demand for photovoltaic terminals and the price of the film, the firm’s 2021-2023e has been adjusted upwards.
Demand is not as high as expected and the price of raw materials is higher than expected. Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, and the final rating is then calculated on average and used as average market investment