With high dividends and short-term equity prices, the rise in the price of coal supports the performance of China’s Senghua (601088.sh) company, which has grown its coal and transport operations throughout the year, and has performed badly in the water. In 2016, the company’s coal industry achieved a commodity coal production of 289.8 million tons, an increase of 3.2 per cent compared to the previous year;
Tons, an increase of 5.0 per cent over the same year, and sales of coal-based polypropylene products, an increase of 7.0 per cent over the same year. Transport operations achieved 24.4.6 billion tons of rail transport turnover, an increase of 22.2 per cent over the same year; coal sold in the water from the port of Yellow Shirts was 158.6 million tons, an increase of 42.1 per cent over the same year; and shipping freight was 79.2 million tons, an increase of the same amount.
0.8 per cent reduction; shipping turnover of 63 billion tons of nautical miles, a decline of 1.7 per cent over the same period; coal operations: lower prices and a small increase in the Maori rate. Companies sold 386.2 million tons of coal domestically throughout the year, an increase of 5.7 per cent over the same year, of which 374.4 million tons were produced and purchased, an increase of 5.7 per cent over the same year and an increase of 8.2 per cent in the average price of 316 million yuan per ton; and domestic trade in coal sales, an increase of 3.6 per cent over the same period.
The average sale price was $339 per ton, an increase of 6.6 per cent for the same year, and the weighted average price for overall coal sales was $317 per ton, an increase of 8.2 per cent for the same year.
The coal industry has benefited from supply-side reforms to promote a balance between supply and demand in the coal market, an increase in the price of coal sales, and a steady decline in the cost of production of own-producing coal units, material trading operations and a significant decline in performance.
In terms of supply and demand, since the 2016 “276” system was simply off-yielding, the actual elimination of capacity has not yet reached its target. From 2017 onwards, the volume of off-statistic capacity is expected to decline significantly, thus limiting production and increasing the price of coal. At the same time, in order to maximize the benefits of integrated operations, the company increases the volume of underground coal sales, optimizes the transfer of coal, and raises the capacity of its own ports.
The carbon business is expected to benefit from it. Sinda Securities Inc. Electricity business: the gross profit ratio declined significantly due to pressure on both ends of the cost of revenue. In 2016, the average company price of electricity sold was 302 yuan/megawatt hours, a 7.1% decline in the same year.
\triangleright cindasecuritiesco., ltd House No. 9 West Side Street, Beijing City.
The main reason for this is the adjustment in the price of electricity: the average cost of electricity sold was $225.5/megawatt hours, an increase of 3.9 per cent over the same period; the power plate rate was 28.1 per cent, a decrease of 8.3 percentage points over the same period, mainly due to a further reduction in the price of electricity at the end of the income and a significant increase in the cost at the end affected by the increase in the price of coal. As at 31 December 2016, the company ' s total installed capacity was 56.288 megawatts, using an average of 4.391 hours. During the reporting period, two units of the company ' s Suhua Light Power Plant (2*1.000 megawatts) and the State Power Plant were used.
The power generation division continues to promote clean coal electricity, with a strong effort to transform coal-fired units into “super-low-emissions”, and the Chinese state power plant is now in operation, with the first “super-low-emission” power plant in Shandong and Guangxi provinces, respectively. As the electricity market reform moves forward, the side of the distribution will gradually become marketed, and companies will actively adapt to the electricity market reform.
Transport operations: Lower-water coal leads to an increase in transport operations. Transport operations are closely linked to integrated operations, with full efforts to guarantee Chinese coal transport, and the company's semi-pool railways become operational.
The company ' s own rail transport turnover amounted to 24.4.6 billion tons, an increase of 22.2 per cent over the same period; the railway branch achieved business income of 33.53 billion yuan, an increase of 23.1 per cent over the same period; and the railway branch ' s unit transport costs, with a significant increase in the volume of rail transport, a decrease of 0.053 km/ton, a decrease of 5.4 per cent over the same period, accompanied by an increase in sales of water and coal. The company ' s own port capacity was fully realized, with a bright performance of 158.6 million tons, an increase of 42.1 per cent over the same period.
At the Pearl Sea pier, the quantity of coal in the port was 226.4 million tons per year, an increase of 11.1 per cent over the same year; the port branch achieved operating revenues of $5.04 billion, an increase of 33.7 per cent over the same period, and maintained a corporate “growth” investment rating of 11 times. \triangleright
Risk factors: economy continues down and demand is low; production-restrictive policies are not being implemented as expected; mine-related risks are at risk.
Charcoal, natural gas industrial chain, special studies on fertilizers, agrochemicals, textile chemicals, fine-chemical intermediates, and new energy sources, car light quantification, methanol economy, and carbon emissions.Kok Wing Ming, doctor, senior engineer, registered consultant (investment) engineer, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (chaired), research and research in coal and energy-related fields, chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Study, revised coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory issues.
Ma, Research Assistant, Master of Science, Qinghua University, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2016 for research in the energy sector. The coal industry focuses on the company Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) with the qualification of a securities investment consulting business approved by the China CVC. This report was produced and published by the Sindha Securities.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.