The annual report for 2016 was published on the evening of 17 July 2016 and the company achieved business income of $18.327 billion.
(b) Large increases in the price of coal during the year in which the company's coal operations grew by $17.17 billion, transport operations by $17.568 billion and power generation.
To achieve 11,689 million yuan, large logistics plates exceed coal revenues, with coal, transport, power generation accounting for 36 per cent, 38 per cent, and 25 per cent respectively. In coal sector operations, the cost of coal was only $108.9 per ton per ton, a decline of 8.9 per cent from the previous year, as coal prices continued to rise in the second half of the year, while companies increased their efficiency.
On the other hand, although previously 276 limited coal production, the second half of the year was released to a lower base of 330 and 15 years, the company ' s commercial coal production continued to grow slightly during the reporting period, with double-price increases contributing to the company ' s coal revenues.
Total electricity generation reached 263.04 billion kWh, while total electricity sales reached 22.570 billion kWh, an increase of 4.5 per cent and 4.8 per cent, respectively, as coal prices rose over the 16-year period, and the company generation industry lost its profitability.
The company’s ability to integrate its resources has increased significantly in the Shanxi-Kingbei-Monnan region, with the volume of rail mainlines rising in order to increase the efficiency of the company’s own railway operations. The effect of integrating its integrated logistics capacity has been marked by the increase in traffic, which has also led to an increase in port vomiting and flooding.
The company has also published a policy on the issuance of dividends, in addition to the normal annual share planned for 2016 of 0.46 dollars per share, which is relatively smaller than in previous years and has a good level of cash flow, which has led to the company's proposal.
While the policy of a high distribution dividend is still to be approved by the general assembly of shareholders, it is expected that the programme will be adopted as a approximate event to ensure the company’s health. As the country’s largest coal-listed company, the company has completed coal, electricity generation, ports, shipping, coal.
The goal of the company's development strategy is to “build a world-class clean energy provider” and insist on coal power, open-source securities, Inc.
The strategic deployment of the whole industry chain of integrated thinking. Although coal prices will fall in 17 years, overall average prices are expected to remain above 16 years, and with the company ' s lower cost advantage, the company transport network brings the city ' s gate, 5th floor.
In terms of transport, the company’s ability to integrate resources in the coal-producing areas of Shanxi, Shaanxi, and Naymon will be further enhanced with the completion of new railways and port construction.
The Division has an integrated operational advantage and scale effect in the industry, and the company has a defined voice in the supply-side reform, and is expected to continue to benefit from policies such as advanced energy release. Moreover, corporate equity policies are stable, valuations are relatively low, and there are expectations of State reform, which is valued in coal plates.
Figure 1: China’s historype Figure 2: China’s historypb is an independent and objective production of this report in a diligent and professional manner, with a qualification or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, direct or indirect disclosure of company-related information as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
(a) In the six-month period following the reporting date, the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index was defined as follows:
Underweight: Industry is weaker than overall market performance.