Liu Zhisheng, cfa*
Net profits under IAS increased by 41% to 24.9 billion yuan per year, and in China accounting standards, the actual level of profitability was higher than expected. Large gains in profitability were mainly due to a 9% increase in the comparable price of coal and the same unit cost of production.
The 11% decrease has led to an increase in profits from coal plate operations (under IAS) of between 165% and 17 billion yuan. With respect to railway plates, the number of ton/km cargoes per railway has increased by 22% over the same period, as companies have opened the railway system to third parties, and the overall operating profit has increased by 49% to 150% over the same period.
Millions of yuan. The loss will be fully offset by the increase in profits of the other sections due to a 4% decline in the number of hours spent, a 8% decline in the price of electricity on the Internet and a 38% decline in the cost of electricity production per unit per 4% increase in the same year.
Special dividends in the renminbi (the rate of payment of dividends under China accounting standards remains at 40 per cent). Special dividends amounted to 49.9 billion yuan, equivalent to 32.4 per cent of the retained earnings under China accounting standards at the end of 2016.
Another reason, in our view, is that the capital needs to be financed by the parent Shenhua Group, which, as a state-owned capital management company, uses funds to buy assets. The Shenhua Group holds 73% of China’s Shenghua stock, so that the bulk of the special dividends will flow to it.
By the end of 2016, the net asset liability of the company was 15 per cent, and if only $17 billion of the company ' s purchases in 2016 were to be invested in the relevant project, the remainder would be used for the acquisition. We are not sure whether the acquisition will continue. Therefore, the distribution of special dividends will not affect the company ' s operations.
The rating remains unchanged. Stock prices are expected to rise today as a result of large dividends.