On August 8, 2023, China Telecom released its semi-annual report for 2023, and in the first half of 2023, it achieved 10,1.6 billion yuan in communications services, an increase of 2.7 per cent over the same period.
A 19.4 per cent increase in the same year, and a 73.4 per cent increase in the penetration rate of 5g packagers, a 13.1 percentage point increase in the same year, and a 46.2 per cent increase in the mobile user arpu, a 0.4 per cent increase in the same year, income from fixed nets and smart household services reached 62 billion yuan, a 3.6 per cent increase in the same year, and a 20.3 per cent increase in the penetration rate of the gigagram broadband, an 8.5 percentage point increase in the same year.
Broadband combined arpu reached 48.2 yuan, an increase of 2.1 per cent compared with the previous year. The company and China connected each other to further build and share more than 150,000 shared 5g base stations over the last six months and more than 1.15 million in 5g base stations; the 4g medium frequency network is now fully shared, with over 2 million in 4g base stations.
In the first half of the year, public intelligence centres were built in the interior of the country, in Guizhou, Ningxia, etc., and in 31 provinces, a pool of reasoning was deployed to meet the needs of all kinds of ai for applying reasoning.
A new 1.8-eflops, representing an increase of 62 per cent in 4.7-eflops; 0.6-eflops, to 3.7-eflops, representing an increase of 19 per cent; and an external idc hangar of 534,000 aircraft, representing an increase of 9.7 per cent in the company ' s industry, Li Hongtao
Digitalized revenues reached $68.8 billion, an increase of 16.7% over the same year, service income increased to 29.2% over the same year, building cloud computing as a technology source, and the sky-wing cloud kept the industry ahead. Skywing Cloud Technology Ltd. was elected to the National Fund to “create a world-class, specialized and new model enterprise.” Breaking through the super-large resource pool, extraaz is available.
China's telecommunications: industrial digital layout, sky-wing clouds, platform, distributed high-performance low-time delay storage systems, soft-coordinate high-performance virtualization and other key core technologies: Arithmetic distribution network platform, “Silent Border”, provides arithmetic dispatch service for the Beijing Arithmetic Connectivity Validation Platform, becoming the Beijing Platform for Arithmetic Networking.
The first cross-domain service provider's computing platform; the launch of the operator's first cloud super-integrated computing platform, Cloud Plum, which provides a multiplicity of services called “brain computing + super arithmetic + arithmetic.” Sky-wing clouds maintain a public cloud of laas and a public cloud, with revenues of $45.9 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 63.4 per cent over the same year, far higher than the industry's average rate of increase of 38.1 per cent.
• Optimizing the allocation of resources for science, technology and innovation, e.g., energy, quantum, and data elements. The company's focus on the digital transformation of society has been on expanding its research and development investment in science and technology around the priority areas of ai, quantum, digital elements, etc.
Generic large visual model 2.0; release of the generation semantic model telechat.
China’s telecom, as the leading domestic telecommunications operator, actively embraces the development opportunities of the digital economy, creating a clear competitive advantage in cloud-net integration and arithmetic resource layout.