Pyrochemicals (002493) Pyrochemicals 2nd stage production + polyesters up, higher profits, and the semi-annual performance evaluation report for 2021.
The rise in petrochemical production + the “px-pta-polyester” industry chain is positive and 2q21 performance continues to increase at a high rate, which is measured at a net return profit of $3.94 billion for 2021, a 99.0 per cent increase over the same period.
The first set of devices (general depressure and related utility engineering devices, etc.) became operational on 1 November 2020 and gradually climbed the slopes in the first half of 2021, contributing to the company's increased performance: (2) the “px-pta-polyester” industry chain is better: as oil prices rise and demand for downstream textiles recovers, the polyester industry chain is gaining up in price-highness.
\triangleright \triangleright \ petrochemical phase 2 production slopes will be the company ' s main performance driver for the coming year.
In November 2020, the first batch of ZP2 was projected to be fully operational in the second half of 2021, based on a six-month period from operationalization to full production. Assuming that ZP2 was fully operational in July-August, it was expected to produce about half of its full capacity in 2021, and based on 2020.
After the completion of the postnatal period, the Pyrochemical II project will contribute about RMB 10 billion to the company's concierge in 2021, and the company will contribute about RMB 20 billion in 2022, making it the company's main attraction for the next 1-2 years. The company's polyester plate is expected to rise.
The company polyester plates are expected to rise at full cost. (1) Changes in industry patterns in the upstream and downstream sector, and increases in profits in the polyester sector: one side, with the accelerated expansion of production in the upper px and pta sector in recent years, leading to a shift in profits from the industrial chain to the downstream polyester industry; and, on the other hand, internal outbreak control, recovery in the downstream garment industry and warming of polyester demand (2).
Expanding polyester production capacity and increasing the proportion of differentiated products: the company actively promotes the Insein technology polyester film expansion project, the Yumji project, and expands polyester production capacity and raises the proportion of differentiated fibre varieties.ppe, which is 22.1 times the value of 2021 silviculture, is used as a reference, and we think that the company has been underestimated.
1. Precious petrochemicals (002493) Annual Report 2020 Report: Releases of petrochemicals with net profit of the same magnitude as growth Risks of slower slopes in the second phase of petrochemical production: Risk of slower recovery of downstream demand in the polyester sector: crude oil and crude oil
The three-quarterly report for 2020: a significant increase in the Māori rate, with a net profit of the same amount
In October 2014, he joined the industry in the direction of petrochemicals and building materials, and in 2015, the best author in China, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of the analysis was based on the author ' s professional understanding, and sought, through reasonable judgement and conclusions, objectivity and impartiality, without any third party ' s approval or influence.