Center for Research on Resources and Environment (CREEM) Pride petrochemicals: a high-growth pole far beyond expectations!
In view of the complexity of the integration device, which was launched in December 2021 on 14 July 2021 with an advance notice of performance for the first half of 2021, part of the q1 installation in 2020 is at an approximate level of calibration and does not reach full capacity, and the phase of carpulization is expected to be completed in December 2021.
1. The high-growth low-valued poles continued to take off-grows and continued to drive performance growth in 2021, with the global economic recovery and a rising industry climate. End demand in 2020 due to the impact of the epidemic
2. High-growth elastic giants take off! - 2020 - Downwards, industry continues to be at the bottom. Global vaccination rates rise, domestic and external end consumption recovers, and crude oil-px-pta-polyester and crude oil-chemical industry chains are on the rise.
As a result, in addition to having a significant industry, alpha, glory and petrochemicals are expected to gain a great profit elasticity from the restoration of the landscape. The full-scale introduction of petrochemical phase II and the layout of the chain of deep industries will bring certainty to medium- and long-term growth.
The second phase of the petrochemical project is expected to be fully operational in the second half of 2021, while the second phase of the petrochemicals project, the preponderance of new materials, pta, and the expansion of the technological polyester membrane in Insein are continuing. The whole industry chain layout and deep-processing projects are continuing to expand the company.
In parallel with the size of the industry chain and the growth of the value added of the end product, it is true that in the medium- and long-term the company has gained significant profitability elasticity due to the warming of the industry, and we're going to make a profit forecast for 2021 from the House of Chen.
1. Large-scale single-way downside risk of crude oil; 2. Serious deterioration of demand for the end; 3. Geopolitical risk 4. Project construction at a slower pace than expected of significant exchange rate fluctuations of $5.00. Release of risk 6. Other force majeure effects.
In the semi-annual announcement issued on 14 July 2021, the company returned to its mother in the first half of 2021, with an increase of 87.92 per cent. In 2021, the company achieved a net profit of 3,935 million yuan from its petrochemical q2 and an increase of 98.54 per cent from the same period in 2020. The ring grew by 50.08 per cent from q1 in 2021.
The core drivers of performance growth in the first half of 2021 were the continued release of the peak load performance and the elasticity of profitability brought about by the warming of the business landscape.
In addition, in late 2020, the ZP2 constant pressure-relief device was driven, taking into account the progress of the ZP2 vehicle.
It is expected to be fully operational in the second half of 2021, taking into account its largely downstream high-value-added deep-process planning, the 1 million tonnes/year bottle slices and the 500,000 tonnes/year bottle slices in the south of the sea, to be put into production in 2020, the equipment trial period, and probably not all year-round profits.
The cumulatively increased equity capacity of 59.21 per cent and 42.5 per cent of China’s equity gains, which resulted in the introduction of 70 000 tonnes/year polyester membrane expansion projects in Insein Technologies in December 2020, has also not contributed to the full year’s profits and is expected to lead to an increase in profits throughout the year in 2021.
With the massive spread of vaccines around the world, the global epidemic is under control, and the endpoints in Europe and America are being eliminated.
The cost recovery continued, contributing to the restoration of supply and demand patterns along the crude oil-px-pta-polyester/chemical chain of industry, the warmth of the industry, the recovery of inter-chain price differentials compared to the 2020 industry extremes, and significant profit elasticity.
Continuous promotion of upstream and downstream industry chain layout, with high degree of certainty of medium- and long-term growth The bottom of the crude oil-polyester industry chain was validated in 2020 and global polyester terminal consumption was negatively affected by the new crown epidemic, with overall demand reaching the bottom of history; and the petrochemical phase of the launch in 2020, with a high level of diversification and sea
In addition, the Insein technology polyester membrane project, which was launched without a full year ' s return, and the upstream integration project and downstream polyester end-products, further refining the company ' s chain layout of the crude oil-px-pta-polyester industry, which is expected to contribute to a steady increase in the price differential of the end product.
The second phase of the ZP project: the production of installations has progressed well since the start of the first phase, with a steady start-up load and a gradual increase in profitability. The second phase of ZP was introduced into the general-pressure reduction device in December 2020.
The launch phase, based on the pace of the start-up phase, is expected to be fully operational in the second half of the year. At present, the ZP-2 end product consists of a variety of high-end polyolefins, a large amount of eva, etc. The launch of the second phase is expected to boost the company’s production while increasing its performance.
New material pta project: The 6 million tons of fresh material from the company ' s co-investment in long-soldier petrochemicals project is continuing, and the size effects of the 3 million tons/year pta industrial chain are expected to be reduced by one step to reduce the average one-ton processing cost of the company ' s pta chain, which is expected to be phased out by 2021-2023
In the medium-to-long run, with productive capacity and a company equity capacity of about 3 million tons, the current poor pta chain continues to be low, but in the medium-to-long run, it is expected that pta will gradually return to the balance of supply and demand and that the price gap will continue to rise.
Insein technology polyester membrane expansion project: Reference company news, Insein technology polyester film extension phase 70,000 tonnes/year was operational in December 2020, and phase 2 180,000 tonnes/year project construction is progressing steadily. Phase 2 will introduce four 10.6 m-bands;
Production lines, accompanied by 150,000 tons of annual polymers. Construction of polyester film continues to contribute to the extension of the industrial chain and deep processing contributes to the increase in value added of the end product.
Figure 6: pta-px price difference Chart 7: pey-pta/meg price difference Chart 8: fdy-pta/meg price difference
Figure 9: price differentials by dty-pta/meg Figure 10:lldpe - original oil price differential Figure 11: pp - former oil price differentials
Figure 12: Butadiene - original oil price differential 1. Risk of a large-scale single-way decline in crude oil; 2. Serious demand for end demand deteriorating;
4. The construction of the project has not progressed as expected: 5. Risk of significant fluctuations in the exchange rate of the United States dollar; 7. Other force majeure effects;
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment