Glorified petrochemicals (002493) High productivity-driven performance of the refining project - Glorified petrochemicals ' semi-annual performance evaluation report for 2021
On the 13th of August 2021, the rise in refining production led to high growth in business, and the spread of industrial price differentials increased the company's Māori rate at the income end: the company's high growth in the first half of the year was mainly due to two factors: the first was that the petrochemical project operated at full capacity.
The first phase of the project was the gradual commissioning of installations and the gradual upturn in production; the second was the rise in the volume of polyester production and products in the crude oil-chemical chain, which led to high income growth, as a result of rising oil prices and recovery of demand. The Māori ratio: RMB 2021h1 combined Māori was 25.7 per cent, an increase of 4.6 per cent compared with 21.1 per cent in the same period last year, mainly in different sectors.
The price differentials for chemical and polyester products have increased; of this, the Māori rate for chemical operations is 39.2 per cent, an increase of 5.7 per cent, compared with the trend of depth of 300 per cent.
(1) The rise in the refining output of the petrochemical phase II will lead to high growth in company performance in the coming year: the first stage of the petrochemical phase II was in November 2020 and, based on the assumption that the chemicalization phase would run at full capacity in the second half of 2021 based on a six-month period from operational to full production. Assuming that the chemicalization phase II would be full in July-August.
The Dutch operation, which is expected to produce about half of its productive capacity in 2021, and based on a figure of nearly $20 billion after the expiration of ZP1 in 2020, the ZP2 project will contribute about $10 billion of gross to the company in 2021.
In the future, the Division will use the refining project as a raw material platform for the production of chemicals and new materials, including biphenola, polycarbonate, abs, bs, and so on. We believe that the development of fine chemicals and new materials with higher value added downstream is a general trend in the petrochemical industry, where companies have the advantage of upstream raw material platforms over competitors.
The climate is up and the company polyester plate is expected to rise at full cost \triangleright polyester plate is expected to rise at full cost. (1) Changes in industry patterns up and down, increases in profit in the polyester sector: one side
On the other hand, the domestic epidemic has been brought under control, the downstream garments sector has recovered and the polyester demand has warmed. (2) The company expands the polyester production capacity and raises the proportion of differentiated products: the company actively promotes the Insein technology polyester film expansion project, the Shen.
Equation of polyester production and increasing the proportion of differentiated fibre varieties. 1. Emeritus petrochemicals (002493): Pulsifier II production + polyester landscape upwards with higher profitability.
The pe, 20.7 times as high as 2021 for rainbows, helium petrochemicals and fugitive petrochemicals, takes into account the report of the second phase of zolpidem production: the release of petrochemicals, the increase in net profit compared to the increase The continued upswing and the construction of new downstream materials will drive the continued growth of the company's performance and maintain the “recommended” rating.
Risks of slower climbs in the second phase of petrochemical production: the risk of slower recovery of downstream demand in the polyester industry: the risk of sharp price fluctuations in crude oil and finished products. Yang Jing, Nanjing University Land Department, and Rutgers University, Department of Chemicals, United States of America, jointly train Ph.D. (Earth exploration and information technology, computation of chemical and hydrocarbon resources)
In October 2014, he joined the industry in the direction of petrochemicals and building materials, and in 2015, the best author in China, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of the analysis was based on the author ' s professional understanding, and sought, through reasonable judgement and conclusions, objectivity and impartiality, without any third party ' s approval or influence.