2021 & 2022q1 remarks: Profitability or stage performance is consistent with the fast report and meets market expectations. The company proposes a cash dividend of $7.30 (including taxes) for every 10 shares.
(1) Hydraulic oil tanks: 5.19 billion yuan, or +15.3 per cent, of which 85.53 million, or +21.13 per cent, were sold in excavators, well above 4.62 per cent in the excavator industry, calculated on the basis of a single excavator with 4 cylinders, 10,000 excavators, or +36.23 per cent, throughout the year, mainly downstream for high-altitude platforms, new energy sources, shield machines and marine and marine industries, with an increase in orders
(b) Hydraulic pump valves: 3.24 billion yuan, or +38.4 per cent, of which 13.88.1168 million are sold in excavators/excavators, each increasing at the same speed.
Structural upgrading has allowed companies to maintain a stable profit rate in the context of rising raw materials prices. 2022q1 has a combined Māori rate of 38%, a ratio of 3 pct, a return of 24%, a ratio of 3 pct, and we rule that
In 2022, we look forward to the combined effect of upward and downstream pressures, and we think that it's time to get to the bottom of the list, and that it's time for us to get to the bottom of the list.
The company is expected to open up its second growth curve by starting a new cycle of annual electricization and internationalization of the excavator industry.
The company, which is a scarce leader of domestic hydraulic fluids, has a good competitive pattern and has large import substitution space, and we believe that the company's valuation is low and firmly looks forward to the company's medium- and long-term development prospects. (1) Expanding the non-drawn product: according to the company's annual report, walking machinery (mainly engineering machinery) is only for hydraulics.
With a 50% ratio, the diggers are only 20%, the company is a domestic hydraulic fluid tap, and there's wide room for importing alternatives. The company has a large stock of non-diggered products, including industrial pump valves, high machine swing tanks and linear drives. In 2021, the company added two new departments, wiring motors, compact hydraulic pressure, and successfully developed wired motors, brakes, balancing valves, and more than 100 types of electromagnetics.
In 2021, the company developed 314 new pieces of foundry, of which non-engineering items accounted for 41 per cent and the rate rose to more than 98 per cent, laying a solid product base for the continued growth of industrial pump valves.
It includes small excavators, medical devices, aerospace, etc., in response to the electricization of engineering machinery, while at the same time diversifying further downstream, and we expect to contribute in 2024 in terms of the construction period.
According to the company's September 21 increase plan, the company plans to invest $1.2 billion in the construction of a factory in North America in Mexico, which is expected to expand North American customers further, raise the global market share of fuel tanks and pumps valves, and reduce the impact of higher costs, such as freight and tariffs for exports. In 2021, the company completed the pre-construction and filing of projects in Mexico.
We expect the O3 industry to shrink or even shift in the same scale, given the high rate of export growth and the decline in the base for the same period.
On March 29th and April 6th, the country regularly noted that “the goal of keeping steady growth in a more prominent place” and “the deployment of monetary policy tools in a timely manner.” Since the beginning of 2022, more than 60 cities have been able to reduce eligibility requirements for home purchases, reduce down payment rates and ease lending requirements.
There is room for restoration in the valuation of two major downstream improvements in infrastructure and real estate.  Profit forecasts and investment ratings: because the engineering and machinery industry faces high raw material prices below a high base,
The impact of the epidemic on the most important downstream infrastructure and real estate of engineering machinery, among other things, has also been a process: the company issued its first quarter report in 2022.
The net profit to the mother is 2,694 million yuan, or +19.51 per cent, and the net profit not to the mother is 2,558 million yuan, or +16.72 per cent. The performance of the department is consistent with the report and meets market expectations. The company proposes to distribute $7.30 cash dividends (including taxes) for every 10 shares, at the former hydraulic tank: $5.19 billion, or 15.3 per cent, of which 85.53 million are sold, or +21.13 per cent.
Far above 4.62 per cent in the excavator industry, the share of the company ' s excavator tank, based on the configuration of a single excavator, rose to 62 per cent throughout the year, up from 8 pct in 2020, and the share of the excavator tank continued to rise; the volume of non-diggered tanks was 168,400, corresponding to +36.23 per cent, with a more stable increase in orders, mainly downstream of high-altitude platforms, new energy sources, shield units and marine and marine industries.
(b) Hydraulic pump valves: 3.24 billion won in the same proportion of the same amount of market share of the excavator, applied to industrial pump valves in areas such as seaman, shield, etc. The engineering and machinery industry is expected to enter a period of adjustment in 2022, and the company stated in its annual report that in 2022 it was striving for the same level of business income.
Figure 3: Corporate growth is higher than that in the excavator industry, allowing companies to maintain a stable profit rate in the context of rising raw materials prices. 2022q1 has a combined Māori rate of 38 per cent, corresponding to 3 pct, 24 per cent net profit for mothers, equal to 3 pct, we sentence
The reasons for this are: (1) reduced economies of scale due to a decline in demand; (2) high prices of raw materials and maritime transport; and (3) downstream industry phasing, with products subject to price increases. Looking ahead, in 2022, we believe that with upstream and downstream pressure combined, the company’s profit margins or phase pressures.
3. Diversity + electricization + internationalization drive, with a strong eye to the scarcity of hydraulics, is under objective pressure to grow each year, but the expansion of non-digging products by companies is expected to continue to grow during this period, and the company is expected to open the second growth curve as the electricization and internationalization of the excavator industry approaches a new up-to-date cycle in 2025.
The Division, as a scarce leader of domestic hydraulic fluids, with a good competitive pattern and large import substitution space, believes that corporate valuations are low and firm in view of the company ' s medium- and long-term development prospects. (1) Expanding non-exploitation: According to the company ' s annual report, walking machines (mainly engineering machines) are used only for hydraulic applications.
The company is actively developing non-diggered products, including industrial pump valves, high-machine swing tanks, linear drives, etc. In 2021, the company added two new departments of wired horses, compact hydraulic fluids and successfully developed wired motors, brakes, balancing valves, and over 100 types of electromagnetic plugs.
Valve products. In 2021, the company developed 314 new pieces of castings, of which non-engineering machinery items accounted for 41 per cent and the rate rose to more than 98 per cent, providing a solid product base for the continued growth of industrial pump valves.
Small excavators, medical devices, aerospace, etc., in response to the trend of electrodynamic engineering machinery, while further diversifying downstream, are expected to contribute in 2024 in terms of the construction period.
According to the company's September 21 plan, the company plans to invest $1.2 billion in the construction of a North American factory in Mexico. It is expected to expand North American customers further, raise the global market share of tanks and pumps valves, and reduce the impact of higher costs such as export freight and tariffs.
In the lead-up to the construction phase, we are expected to move gradually to production in 2023.Engineering machinery: keeping the sales data warm, paying attention to valuations in the context of steady growth
Given the high rate of export growth and the decline in the base for the same period, we expect the q3 sector to contract by the same margin, or even turn. On 29 March and 6 April, the country regularly proposed “don't relax and put steady growth in a more prominent position” and “to deploy monetary policy instruments in a timely manner”.
Since the beginning of 2022, more than 60 cities have stabilized their properties by lowering eligibility requirements for home purchases, lowering down the downpayment rate, easing loan requirements, and lowering interest rates on mortgages.
There is a degree of uncertainty about the impact of the epidemic on the most important downstream infrastructure and real estate of engineering machinery, due to the fact that the engineering and machinery industry is faced with high prices of raw materials below a high base, as well as strong competition.
Risk of industrial cycle fluctuations; epidemic impact on supply chains; risk of constant rises in raw material prices; three financial forecasts of constant hydraulic pressure.