During the year, the company achieved operating income of $9.309 billion, an increase of 18.51 per cent over the same period; net return to the mother; low marginal sales of downstream excavators; slower growth in the company ' s performance; and poor performance in the quarter.
In the year, the company realized operating income of $5.180 billion, an increase of 15.34 per cent over the same period; its tens of thousands (+36.23 per cent), the weight series in non-scaling tanks and the performance of new non-scaling tanks.
Highlights. During the reporting period, the hydraulic pump valves generated 3.236 billion yuan (+38.37%), and the Department continued to consolidate and upgrade the main pump valves and motors as part of the excavator industry. The company ' s hydraulic products were largely downstream, with the engineering and machinery industry showing an increase in sales in 2021.
The pre-higher, lower, and colder features of the outer heat are evident in the trend toward cooling domestic sales in the first quarter of this year. We believe that domestic performance in the first half of the year is likely to be poor, owing to weak downstream demand, the disruption of the epidemic’s supply chain, and the volatility of exchange rate fluctuations.
In 2021, companies remained relatively profitable, with sales of 44.01 per cent (-0.09 pcts) at a rate that maintained a higher rate of growth, while at the same time strengthening day-to-day management and control of sales and sales.
The combined Māori rate for various products has been stable. In 2021, the company achieved overseas revenues of $1,235 million, or 13.26 per cent, which were affected by the international situation, the epidemic, etc. The lower exchange losses have led to a significant reduction in financial costs during the reporting period.
Technologies such as welding, heat treatment, etc. maintain the core competitiveness of the product, and although the profit scale of the quarter is relative to the depth of 300 performances, we believe that the company will remain a domestic hydraulic material tap.
Long-term high R & D spending, around the future of internationalization and product diversification. Corporate R & D spending amounted to $636 million in 2021, an increase of 106 per cent in the same year, and R & D costs as a source of revenue.
The company has continued to consolidate its existing advantages in the engineering and machinery industry, while in the non-engineering and machinery sector, industrial pumps, which apply to seawork, shielding, etc., have achieved a certain level of performance during the reporting period in the areas of new energy sources, industrial equipment, etc., and companies will continue to be internationalized in the future.
In the long run, firms still have ample scope to develop based on core technology. Investment proposals: taking into account the company’s core competitiveness in hydraulic components and systems, combined with current lines.
We expect steady growth in corporate performance as a result of the business climate and corporate profitability. I, 1. [Galaxy] Company rating — constant hydraulic pressure (60110.sh) Corporate performance continues to grow steadily, with new development space to expand production.
[Galactic Mechanics] Company rating - constant hydraulic pressure (60110.sh) Core hydraulic products are growing steadily, increasing R & D risk of wider downstream applications, and increasing market competition.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Master of Arts, University of Law and Technology, Japan. Bachelor of Science, Harbin Industrial University. Joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2018.