In the second half of the year, the net profit from the first half of 2017 was 28% higher than expected.
During the sales season, the price gap between Maushu and Chuu has widened, and the replacement effect between brands has been significant, so it is expected to be 2017, yuan and $2.77, or 24.5 and 20.5 times.
The rise in the income level of the population has led to an increase in the capacity of the general population to consume and become the main force of the market for white and wine consumption since 2012.
The market price gap has widened and the company’s performance is expected to benefit.a Institutional investors account for the share in circulation.
It's a big state company in Sichuan province. It's mainly wine production and marketing. It's a leading business in the white wine industry.
A small group of big white wine companies with strong fragrances, sauces, and fragrances in the white wine industry, as well as the production of fruit and wine products, were founded in April 1998 and placed on the market on April 27th of the same year.
The Department actually controls the State Property Supervisory Board in the city of Eibin, with a shareholding rate of 56.07 per cent.
In terms of industry, in 2014-2016, there was a significant decrease in the average annual rate of final sales and sales in the white industry, which fell by 2.32 per cent and 5.42 per cent, respectively, while sales and sales in the medium- and high-end white wine market showed significant increases, with annual increases of 8.16 per cent and 11.89 per cent, respectively, and sales and sales and price increases coexisting with extremely high end-use enthusiasm.
The demand for white wine is divided into three main areas: personal needs, business needs, and political needs.
As a result of the rise in the white wine market and the structural rise in public consumption, the family began to limit the consumption of the three publics, and there was a significant decline in the overall performance of the industry.
In 2012-2016, the country ' s disposable income rose from 15313 yuan to 23821 yuan, an increase of 850.8 yuan. Of this amount, the disposable income of urban residents rose from 24565 yuan to 33616 yuan, an increase of 9051 yuan. The disposable income of rural residents increased from 9787 yuan to 12363 yuan, an increase of 2,476 yuan.
Higher income levels, especially among urban residents, boosted the ability of the population to consume and become white. After limiting consumption, high-end white wine prices fell and became a popularly acceptable consumer.
In 2012-2016, there was a significant increase in the number of purchases per person. Although the increase in the market price of the flat price was affected in 2017, the volume of purchases per person is expected to decrease, and the figure for purchases per capita in 2012-2016 compares with the number of purchases (in bottles)
In the first half of the year, income from the five grains was $15,621 million, an increase of 17.85 per cent, and net profits from shareholders in listed companies, a decline of $4,959 million, an increase of 27.71 per cent.
Figure: Five grains, liquid and cost
This indicates a strong demand for five grains and fluids. 217h1 Liquor business income amounted to $14.774 billion, with a Māori rate of 75.24 per cent, an increase in volume prices that contributed to performance growth over the same period last year.
As alcohol accounts for more than 90% of business income, we believe that the full price increase is a boost to performance growth and better pipeline supply relations. As white wine is on the rise in the second half of the year, driven by major holidays such as Mid-Autumn and National Days, consumption demand continues to boom and higher prices are expected.
In the second half of the year, P5 supply is expected to grow steadily, with three costs falling slightly, affected by a significant increase in revenue, three rates falling on a year-on-year basis, lower cost rates, and consumption taxes landing and short-term gains.
4.27 percentage points. As a result of the company ' s reprogramming, costs are expected to increase with pipeline expansion in the short term. As a result of the increase in the consumer tax base, tax expenditure increased by 37.84 per cent in the first half of the year compared with that of the previous year, and by 87.84 per cent in the second quarter of the year as a result of the increase in the consumer tax base, which began on 1 May.
The impact on corporate profits continues, and with the introduction of tax adjustments, it is expected that the consumer tax for profits will begin in the second half of next year: Māori five grains and net interest rates. On 15 May 2017, CVFC approved the release of stocks in a six-month period.
The plan is expected to arrive before the end of the year, with a variety of incentives to eventually shape the stock stock, which will account for 2.2 per cent of the total equity, including company executives, employees and good distributors, and so on.
Interest groups are more closely tied to corporate interests. It is expected that, in the fourth quarter of 2017, fixed-term increment boots will land, and the Department’s in-house incentives will eventually take shape. In 2014-2016, income and profit markets were around the corner.
In one industry, 10% and 30% of the total earnings and profits of 19 listed companies are about 20% and 50%, respectively. It can be seen that a few companies earn most of the profits of the industry.
Also a high-end brand, the difference in valuation between the five grain fluids and the Guo Dai has been widening since 2010, and the difference in valuation between the two liquor companies has gradually widened in the context of a new recovery in the white wine industry as a result of the rise in public consumption. On performance, the five grain fluid performance has been significantly affected by the restrictions imposed on three public consumption in 2012.
The main reason for the gap in corporate management strategies over the same period, when the performance growth in Guotai was successful and the Māori rate was maintained at over 90 per cent, was the lack of clarity in the structure of the product compared to the Guo Dai, the large number of different brands held by the company and the fragmentation of production forces leading to nuclear power.
Second, the pipeline is based on a large-scale business system that discriminates between large and small distributors, shows prices, operates in disarray that widens the performance gap, manages the strategy, undermines the motivation of distributors, and makes the pipeline difficult.
There has been a significant change in the pipeline strategy, which has had an initial effect, with the pipeline price inverted problem ending, dealer confidence gradually recovering, and increased brand recognition.
Figure: Five grain fluids compared to Kotai revenue in Guizhou (in millions of yuan), although the Kuo Dai has an absolute advantage in the high-end white wine market, production is severely limited by stringent raw materials and process requirements, and annual production is expected to remain stable for the next few years, making it difficult to meet public consumption.
There is a need for a clear shortfall in the market since the beginning of this year, where real market prices are far higher than recommended retail prices. At the moment, the Maoutai Liquor Network shows a zero stock, and will take a capping measure when the stock is replenished in the near future.
The price differentials between the five grain fluids and the puppies have had a good alternative effect, and the company’s performance is expected to improve considerably in combination with high-end white wine, high-priced stockings, etc.
The spot price is slightly lower than the recommended retail price and, for ease of comparison, is based on the recommended retail price. (Expected return; er) the expected remuneration is based on the following: