♪ lulangyeyibin forecastchange asia ♪
♪ China reauters bloomberg ♪
♪ Consumer shz alcohol&tobacco ♪
2q17resultbeitonstroongsales recovery; reiteratingbuy value&risks
I'm sorry, maryuan 2q17netprofitbeitonstrongsalongsrowthanexpensecontrol researchchannalyst
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Anneling expenses control.onsemi-annualbasis, thesalesincreased 18% yoyandnet researchanalyst
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
5-year-olds, 5-year-olds, 5-year-olds, 5-year-olds, 5-year-olds, 5-year-olds, 5-year-olds, 5-year-olds, 5-year-olds, 5-year-olds, 5-year-olds, 5-year-olds, 5-year-olds, 5-year-olds, 5-year-olds, 5-year-olds, 5-year-olds, 5-year-olds, 5-year-olds, 5-year-olds, 5-year-olds, 5-year-olds, 5-year-olds, 5-year-olds, 5-year-olds, 5-year-olds, 5-year-olds, 5-year-olds, 5-year-olds, 5-year-olds, 5-year-olds, 5-year-olds, 5-year-olds, 5-year-olds, 5-year-olds, 5-year-olds, 4-year-olds, 420-year-year-year-year-olds, 4-olds, 4-year-year-olds. 12.2-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-
2q17, mainly duetoncreasingconsumptiontaxbase.accordingto the newtaxregulationno.218issuedbysichuantaxbureau, thetaxbase couldbeinreasedto70%oftheex-factorypricesoldtodistbribots
This is the first time in the history of the world's history, and it's not the first time in the history of the world, it's the first time I've ever seen it, but it's the first time I've ever seen it.
sg&a/salesrateriodeclined 750bpsto 28.7%, metbyloweroperating leverageandfrontercostcontrol.-shenzhenindex (rebased)
25% yoytorm 5.5bnin 1h17, indicatinginconfidencefromconsumerdemands.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
13 per cent tomb62; reiteringbuy wasvisedupnetproctortoptospedupfrom 28 per cent;
13% totmb62, basedon 13.8x2018eev/ebitda, slitlyhighersource valuationof13.4x, mainly
I don't know what you're talking about.
Weedbforeastsforthosecompaniesweovered, andothersweusebloombergforecasts. wuliangyeyibin
Reuters: 000858.sz bloomberg:000858ch company profile
"Wuliang Spring", "wuliang Chun" and "jianzhuang".
I'm sorry, maryuan source: companydata, deutschesecritiesestemates importantdiscustures
I'm not sure if you're the only one who's got the information, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the guy.
I'm not sure if you're the only one who's going to do it, but you're going to have to do it.
Q: Basedonacurrent12-monthviewoftalshare-holdr return (tsr=percentagechangeinshareprircurent pricetoprojectedtargatepricepluspro-jecteddivividendied)
If you're going to have to do it, you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
If you don't like it, you'll have to take care of it, and you'll have to take care of it, and you'll have to take care of it.
irisincludorciscussedinothercommunition (oralorwritten) Fromadeutschebankanyst, deutschebankmay activesprincipalforitsownacuteasengoranoranotherson.deutschebankmayconsistitsreportindicatingtotrasprincipal.itmaysoengageintranctions,forits
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if it's true, but I don't know if it's true, but I don't know if it's true, but I don't know if it's true.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Oreventstathayhaveaar-termormedium-termimimpacton themarketpriceof thesecuritiesdiscussedinthiport, whhimpymonybactionally countertotheanalysts'current12-monthviewoftalturnoinvestmentreturnas describedherein.deutschebankhasnoobligationtoupdate, modiyoramendthisportortootherwisenisofortechient
I'm sorry, thereofienyopinion, foresterestimatecontainedhereinchangesorsubsquentlybecomesinaccurate.coverageand the frequenyfchangesinmarketcondictionsandinbothgeneralandcompancyconomic prospecmatesmakeit difficulttoupdateresearchhatdefinedintervals.updatesreathosoledisscaleofthe overcoveranalyconcernedorof
Theresaarchdepartementalmanementassuchthemajorityofrepublicportspublishedirregularintervals.thisreport is providedforforforformationalprposisonlyanddoesnottetakeintoaccount theparticulariinvesmentofeconomics, orneedsofindividualcents.itnotanofferofanoffertobuyorsellanyfinancialinstruments
I don't know if you're the only one in the world who's got it, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if it's true, but it's true.
I'm sorry, arecurrentasoftheendophotheversiontrainings, daresourcers, bloomberg and othervendors.dataissedromdeutschebanks, subjectscompanies, meetings, and other parties.
We're not going to be able to do this, but we're not going to be able to do it.
I'm not sure if I'm the only one who's going to do it, I'm not going to do it, but I'm not going to do it, and I'm not going to do it.
I'd like you to know that I've been working on this, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it.
, changesintaxpolicies, currencyconvertivability (whatmayonstraincurrenceconversion, reservationofprofetsand/ortheliquidationofpositions), and
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, the appropriatenes sorority wiisef theseproductsforusebyinvestorsispendentontheinvestors' towncircumstances including theirtaxpositions, theirregulatoryenvironmentandtherentienoftherootherassessetsandlibilitias, andassuch, invectorssouldfultelexperletlegalandfinancianciavidvevebefororienterintoanytransaction similyartoororedtheby
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
"Characteristicsandrissksofsordardedoptions", at http://yourdeutschebankrepresentativeforforaboutthisimportportantdocumentation.
It's not like I'm going to have to go to the bathroom, but I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to the bathroom, and I'm going to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to the bathroom.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Inventor'somejurisdiction. asidebromwithinthisreport, importantconfactdiscloscanalsobefoundat https://gm.db.com/equiticesunderthe'discussionsbookup"and'legal"tabs.investorsorsorsordulentmanagementviewviewofis informationmationbeforeinvesting.
I don't know if it's the right thing to do, but it's the right thing to do, and it's the right thing to do.
I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Ifthisisnotthecase, orifyouareaniorotherretailinvestorreddingthisdirectlybromus, weask
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
India: preparedbydeutschequiesindiapvtldd, whichisregistered by the securities andexchagboardofodia (sebi) asstockbroker.researchanalystsebirebiregistration nümberishin0001741.deiplhamayaverevevevedadmedministrative warningsfromthesebiborbreasofindianregulations.
(dsi) .registral-registersafinancial instrumentsdealerbytheheadofthekantocalfinancebureau (kinsho) No. 117.memberofassociations: jsda, type iifinacianlinstrumentsfirmsassociationandthefinancialfuturesassassociationofjapan.commmissionsandrissksinvolved
I don't know what you're talking about.
Foreignexhangeflactations. Wemaysochargecommissionsandfeesforcentataincategoriesofinvendmentadvices, productsandservices.recommendations, productsandservicescarrytheiskoflosestoprincipal and otherlossesasolsultochangesinmarketketand/oreconomictrends, and/orflactationsinmarketvalue.before
"Mody's", "standard&poor's", and "fitch"mentedIporteroreot registereddirectionagencesjapanlessjapanesjapanor" nippon"iscipatedstatestatenameoftheity.
I don't know, reportsonjapaneselisted companynotwrittenanalystsofsiarewrittenbydeutschebankgroup'sanalysts here with the coveragecompaniespefiedbydsi.somoftheforignsecuritiesstatedthistrarenorotdiscordered to the financialinstrumentsandhangelawofjafjapan.targetpricetbydeutschebank'sequityanalysarebed
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Numberinsouthafrica: 1998/003298/10). Singapore: bydeutschebankag, singaporebrandeurdeutschecuritiesassiaalimited, singaporebranch (oneraffles quay#18-00southowersingapore048583, +65642380001), whichmaybecontactedinspectofanymattersarising
From, orinconnectionwith, thisreport.whoethissuiedorpromulgaedinsingaporetoapersonwhoisnotan accreditevendor, expertinvestorinstitutioninvestor (asdefininedintheapplicablesingaporelawsandregradations), theycceptlegalresponsiabilitytosuchpersonsforentscontents.
I'd like to thank you for your help, my friend, for your help, for your help, and for your help, for your help, for your help, and for your help.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'd like to thank you for your help, Mr. President, for your help, and for your help, for your help.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
By the dubainancialeservicesauthority.deutschebankag-difcbranchmayonlyundertake thefinancialservices activisthatfall related to the scopeofotsexistingdfsalicense.principalplaceplaceofbusinessinthedifc:dubaii international financialcentre, thegatevillage, building5, pobox 504902, dubai, u.a.thethisinformationhasbeendistbedby
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, referredtointhisreportandconsidertheepdsbeforemannydeciosionabouttheproduct.please research-information.html Australiaandnewzealand: thisresearchchisintendedonfor"wholesalecliants" with themeaningoftheaustrastralian"
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪
It's a big deal. It's a big deal.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
♪ Pamfinelli globalheadof headofemea ♪
Headofac Globalheadof debtresearch
We're not going to be able to do anything about it.
I don't know, and I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Headofresearch-germany and qisresearch internationalations
Deutschebankag deutschebankag deutschebankag
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
2-11-1 nagatacho 60329 frankfurtammamain internationalcommercecentre
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not sure if you're the one who's going to be here.
Australia deutschebankaglondon 1greatwinchesterstreet
londonec2n2eq uniteddom