The pig business has been working hard, waiting for the pig price to go through the cycle, and the country's largest feed business, the country's first parent ducklings and the second commodity chickens.
The company’s food business, which is the fourth largest company in the country, has had some influence in the country. In 2021, the company lost $8.6 billion to $9.6 billion, mainly as a result of the fall in the price of pigs.
• Company feed production is the country's number one and its feed business is growing steadily. The company's poultry sales are the country's number one, pig and aquatic materials are the country's top three, anti-septic materials are also in the country's top three, tons of tons/year and 36 million tons/year, with an annual compound growth rate of 4.7 per cent, and the company continues to drive feed plant fabrics.
The size of the feed industry determines the company’s bargaining power to purchase raw materials, and the company’s technological sink.
Quick drops in pig prices, higher prices for feed materials, and high internal management capacity as a result of rapid growth.
By diluting the problem, the company has shifted the focus of its development from growth in size to increasing the efficiency of pig farming and reducing the cost of pig farming. The company plans to maintain the current stock size, improve the production chain in detail, and focus on professional talent development.
Peasant pig disease is overpredicted; pig prices are overexpected to fall. 1 national forage pig-breeding dragon. 1.1 national forage pig-breeding dragon.
The company’s main business is feed, white meat, pig farming, and food. The company’s feed business has been the largest in the country for many years.
The company’s production of pigs started relatively late, but in 2021 it was close to 10 million, making it the country’s fourth largest marketed pig company. The company’s food business had some influence in the country, and it was in the lead in a given region, under the flag of thousands.
The branded "Girl Pig" is the designated supplier for the 2008 Beijing Olympics, “Beauty” is ranked second in the annual sales of pork products in the four provinces of the southwest, “Six” is sold nationwide, and the central kitchen industry of the “Gate and One Product” is one of the largest central kitchens in the Beijing market.
From 2011 to 2020, corporate operating income increased from $71.64 billion to $10.98.3 billion, with annual compound growth rates, with New Hope Group holding 25.08 per cent of the company ' s equity directly, 29.5 per cent indirectly through the South, 54.58 per cent of the company ' s shareholdings, shareholders in the company ' s holdings, and Mr. Yoo Yong-hyeon, Chairman of the New Hope Group.
Millions of dollars, after deducting the distribution costs, will be used to pay off the bank's debt, and this undisclosed stock issue will not lead to the public chart 3 company stock structure map 2 company's first feed production in the country, and the feed business is growing steadily.
2.1 The feed industry is entering a period of maturity, dominated by a large national group, and our feed industry began in the late 1970s, with a largely rapid annual expansion over more than 40 years, with steady growth and integration extending from 2011 to the present. Forage production in 2011 exceeded that of the country.
The United States became the world’s largest feed producer. From 2000 to 2020, national feed production rose from 74.29 million tons to 253 million tons, with annual compound growth rates affected by the non-pest disease, with a heavy loss in the pig-breeding industry and a 3.7% decline in national feed sales on the same basis.
The monthly national feed production increased by 13.8 per cent, with pig production increasing by 44.9 per cent compared to the same year. By category, the country produced 89.23 million tons of pig feed in 2020, representing 35.3 per cent of the country ' s total feed production. The country produced 33.52 million tons of egg and meat and 91.7 million tons of meat, accounting for 13.3 per cent and 13.3 per cent of the country ' s total feed production, respectively.
36.3 per cent; we produce 2,124 million tons of water, or 8.4 per cent of the country ' s total feed, and 13.19 million tons, or 5.2 per cent of the country ' s total feed production.
The feed industry is now dominated by a small number of large national enterprise groups, some of them medium-sized, which, according to regional markets, are complemented by large numbers of small enterprises.
Branding effects, product quality, financial strength or ability to integrate resources are all in a competitive position in the market, such as new hopes, big groups, big North farmers, etc.; regional medium-sized feed enterprises, with core competitiveness and core skills, with very high market recognition and branding effects in one or more parts of the country, are fast-changing, long-term or otherwise.
Enterprises that are about to reach maturity, farmers, new farmers, etc.; small- and medium-sized feed businesses have no technical characteristics or nuclear superiority, and client groups are relatively unstable and in a more vulnerable market position. In 2020, there were 749 feed production plants of up to 100,000 tons nationwide, an increase of 389 compared to 2011, producing 13.52 million tons of feed.
Total feed production was 52.8 per cent, an increase of 18.8 percentage points in comparison with 2011; 33 consortiums produced more than 1 million tons of fodder annually, an increase of 15, or 54.6 per cent, compared to 2011, and 16.6 percentage points in comparison with 2011, of which 3 consortiums produced more than 10 million tons per year.
2.2 Company feed production is the highest in the country, with a steady increase in feed operations. Forage is the company’s core industry, which consists mainly of pigs, poultry, aquaculture, etc.
The company’s poultry sales are among the highest in the country, its pig and aquatic materials are among the top three, and its anti-sorts are among the highest in the country. Tons of tons/year, with a compound annual growth rate of 4.7%, the company continues to push for the optimal layout and capacity of feed plants, the elimination of lost productive capacity, the renovation of upgrades or the construction of new large-scale energy plants.
7.64 million tons of feed, 2.541 million tons of poultry feed, 2.26 million tons of aquaculture and 690,000 tons of other material.
Figure 920: Share of the sale of all types of feed by company, Figure 11: Māori trends in the feed business, millions, % revenue trends in the feed business, millions, %
The size of the feed business determines the ability of companies to negotiate the purchase of raw materials. In addition, companies are increasing their customer stickyness through technology deposition, innovation organizations and products, and full-scale service providers.
Second in the world, forage production sales have covered 25 provinces, cities and autonomous regions across the country, and companies have been able to match each other.
Many suppliers of raw materials, such as Yoshii, Bunkyi, Yaehai, Dae-sung, have established strategic partnerships. In corn procurement, as the number of factories with imported maize qualifications increases, the drop effect of choosing to import the raw materials at lower prices becomes more evident; in soybean procurement, companies concentrate their procurement flows on the head, making full use of the harvesting advantage through protein.
Cost reductions include price differentials, cross-regional arbitrage, logistics bulk, and precision materials. In the first half of 2021, company headquarters collected 72 per cent, 20 percentage points higher than the year 2020, 95 per cent for key varieties, and a steady increase in the turnover of raw materials. In addition, companies will aim to construct a digital supply chain ecosystem and build up numbers.
Through years of accumulation, the company has established the largest industry-wide database of feed nutrition and raw materials and has worked closely with a number of domestic and international suppliers to keep it in order.
Nationwide information on the quality of feed raw materials enables companies to develop optimal nutrition and cost combinations in time to reduce the negative effects of price volatility of raw materials. Companies have leading near-infrared detection techniques, creating over 460,000 near-infrared databases of the spectroscopy, 43 feed feedstocks, 85 full-cost feed items, and 26 vitamin pre-mixing.
Based on its strengths, the company has launched the Pig Wang project for small and medium-sized farmers, which provides them with a full range of technical, financial and other support services to help them recover their pig production.
As a result of these projects, the company’s service support to farmers has greatly improved their service experience and deepened the relationship between the farmer and the company.
As a result of the constant fluctuations in the balance points for pig farming, we divided the ratio of pigs to less than 6, less than 5.5 and less than 5 for information purposes, of which the ratio of pigs to pigs to between 5.5 and 6.0 represented the balance and the ratio of pigs to between 5.5 and 6.0 represented the loss.
In May of that year, a non-pest disease broke out in August 2018, and the ratio of pigs to food was less than seven weeks. In contrast to these two rounds of downtime, there was no serious disease in the period between September 2011 and April 2014.
In December, there was an increase of 0.8 per cent in the ratio of to-do production capacity, but in January 2022, the number of tolls in to-do production was again reduced by 0.9 per cent; digestion; (ii) more than 30 per cent in the 2022 growth plan of the mainstream marketed pigs, with the cost of 10,000 pigs and ordinary farmers.
A concentration of US$ 13/kg, with a price higher than US$ 13/kg for effective phase-out, and still time needed to clear production capacity. Figure 19 Trends in profits from self-generating pig-breeding, dollar/head Chart 20 Trends in profits from pig-breeding, dollar/head
Figure 21 Imports of pork products and the same rate of increase
Figure 24: Weight trends in pig populations, 3.2 Pigs operating at reduced cost, with full effort to achieve robust growth. In 2013, the company began investing in 1 million live pig production projects in Shandong Xiajin, using high automation,
In February 2016, the company’s board of directors considered the Strategic Plan for Pig Growing, and made a major effort to develop pig-breeding business. In order to seize the opportunity of a non-pest outbreak, the company increased its contribution to pig-breeding, with the company’s fixed assets increasing from $8.8 billion in book value between 2018 and September 2021.
By 31.9 billion yuan, the book value of construction work in progress had increased from 2.6 billion yuan to 19.5 billion yuan, with companies producing 30 million pigs annually. By 2021, the number of pigs in the company had reached 9,9781,000, and pig farming had become the core business with the greatest impact on the company ' s profitability.
There are three main models for a company ' s commodity pig farming: 1 and the new model. The core model of a company ' s pig-breeding, promoted by the pig-breeding business unit, under which the pig farm is largely self-built, with a small proportion acquired through external leasing, and the pig-breeding industry itself.
It should, and in the process of fertility, be supported by a combination of subsistence and “company-farmer” farming; Models 2, 6.
Pro-pig farm or external supplier: 3. New vision model, developed in Liaoning region, very small.
Chart 30: Māori trends in pig-breeding operations, millions of yuan, % 2017-2021, rapidly increasing from 1.714,000 to 9.9781 million pigs. However, the prices of pigs have been falling fast since the beginning of 2021, the prices of feed materials have been rising, and the company is facing rapid growth.
In this context, the company has shifted the focus of its development from growth in size to increasing the efficiency of pig farming and reducing the cost of pig farming. The company now has 900 to 1 million hogs and 400,000 to 500,000 hogs in reserve, which it plans to maintain this year.
At the end of March 2021, the company stopped all out-breeding, and the stock out-purchase ratio fell to about 60%, while the triple share fell to a single-digit number. The company broke down the production chain in detail to improve indicators such as the success rate of the plant, the rate of delivery, the mortality rate before weaning, the fertility rate, etc., in order to improve productivity and the cost of producing it.
It has been reduced to $17.9 per kilogram; the company has focused on professional talent development, setting up induction skills certification, job-specific certification, primary certification, intermediate certification, advanced certification in different subjects, and setting preconditions for restarting the project.
Since the beginning of 2021, prices of pigs have fallen rapidly, feed raw materials have increased, and companies are faced with the dilution of their internal management capacity as a result of rapid development. In this context, companies have shifted their focus from growth in size to increasing the efficiency of pig farming and reducing the cost of pig farming.
The cost of the company’s own fertility has been reduced to $17.9 per kilogram on a continuous basis; there are now 90-100 pigs in the company’s stock; pigs’ prices are more than expected; and pigs’ prices are lower than expected.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.