Internal growth started with deep benefits from rising prices of coal, both within and outside the sea
In the first half of the year, sales went up the same line, and the growth in the base began. In 2022 h1, the company produced \triangleright coal sales of 4684.3 million tons, an increase of 1.95 million tons (+4.34 per cent).
The sales volume was 2,384,000 tons, an increase of 21,311,000 tons (+9.82 per cent) in the same year, and the ring was 837,000 tons more in the same year.
(+21 per cent); 92.810 million tons of commercial coal sold by the Australian base (Academia + Coal International), down by 405,000 tons (4.18 per cent) and 396,000 tons (+4.46 per cent) by the ring compared to the previous year.
With the 2 million tonnes/year increase in the production capacity of the chicken bank coal mine going well, the company expects to be completed by the end of the year, production will decline in the future, and we expect production to remain at current levels in the second half of the year after the rainy season. The logic of the production cycle is fulfilled, domestic coal prices go up, and overseas coal prices rise again in 2022.
h1. The average sale price of the company ' s own-producing goods was 1090.52 yuan/tonne, an increase of $556.09/t$20.684 billion in the same year, of which: Shandong headquarters averaged $138.04/t in the same year
In the same year, Itd increased by 29 pcts and 13 pcs over the same year, bringing Māori to 6,987 million.
$M/t, an increase of $M174.1/tt over the same year (+30.81%), an increase of $M116.96/tt over the ring, attaining MMK3.844 billion, or 18.58% of Māori in the self-produced coal business, and an increase of 10 pct in the AUS base commodities ring to M$97.8 billion, or 47.28% of Māori in the coal business.
During the energy supply shortage cycle, domestic supply and demand patterns have increased, with a sharp collapse in overseas coal prices, a significant reduction in coal imports, a rise in domestic coal prices in 2022 compared to 2021 q4, and a rise in corporate coal sales prices.
(b) The dramatic rise in international gas prices due to geopolitical factors and, as an alternative, the dramatic increase in European coal imports, which has driven international trade in coal prices to be innovative and continue to operate at a high level, the company's base in Australia.
In the first half of the year, the chemical plate was sold well. H1 in 2022, the company chemical product sold 29.15 million tons, an increase of 22.8 million tons (8.49 per cent) in the same year, and the average price of the product sold.
12.78% of them, acetic acid and acetic ethyl ester are affected by low downstream demand, with sales falling by the same amount.
Looking forward to 2022h2, with a return to work and a sustained improvement in the economy, the volume and prices of corporate chemical panels are expected to improve, and the year-round performance is expected to continue to grow. As the structure of corporate chemical products continues to improve, the product expands to high-end chemical and fine-chemicals, coalification.
The value added and profitability of industrial products have long been positive. Intra- and extended growth has started, and the company's growth potential is “light-treathing.” In-house growth: coal mining \triangleright
On the other hand, the company's coal deposits are now normal and can be fully produced in 2023; the gold chicken bank, the coal mine can grow well, and the 2 million tons of cleaning capacity in the Australian Moraben coal mine is growing steadily, both of which will be successfully released in 2023, further increasing the company's total coal production.
The company expects to begin next year with an improvement in the technology for sulfur mine mitigation, which will eliminate the impact of the mine reduction: 1.8 million tons of coal (coal) in Shandong, which is normal and is expected to be produced in 2024.
Accompaniment works are being carried out on the Lunan Chemical Industries industrial chain, the 500,000 tonnes/year high-temperature toto project on future energy, and the 100,000 tonnes/year dmmn project on ellipsing and the creation of a fine chemical cluster. Outward injection: more than 130 million tonnes of coal production are not marketed at the company-owned shareholder level, according to the company
In the strategic development plan revealed last year, we expect the company to expand into a positive profit forecast and rating as early as 2023: in the context of high energy inflation, we expect the second half of 2022 and not yet \triangleright.
Taking into account the potential for future growth of corporate coal, chemical plates (which were announced by the company at the end of 2021), we are looking at the growth space of the company, the transition strategy for future development, and the high levels of domestic and external energy prices, maintaining the company's “buy-in” rating.
Risk factors: serious and long-term failures in macroeconomic growth; failure to release \triangleright and expectations from production or capacity-building projects; risk of safe production accidents; increasingly restrictive regulation of coal production, etc.
Member of the Committee for Operational Audit, of the China Geology and Minerals Economics Society, and member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation ' s pool of experts, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired) and had been involved in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields for over a decade, and had chaired the “13th and fiveth” national coal survey and development planning study, revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultations, with the addition of hundreds in June 2016.
Since 2019, it has been responsible for research on the coal sector. Li Chunzi, cfa, a member of the Chinese Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, and a Bachelor of Finance, Nanjing University, have worked as a license in the field of electricity and natural gas.
Qin Ho, a master's degree in electricity systems from Austin, University of Texas, United States of America, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity market conversion, virtual power plant applications, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022, in electricity industry studies.
In July 2022, he joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre, a non-consensual and non-consensual component of the coal and coal industry, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.