Intra- and offshore coal prices continue to be high, triggering 2022q2 record best performance.
The price of coal is resonant, downstream demand is strong, and corporate performance is fully released. Based on an increase of 69.57%, the best single-quarter performance in history is created. We value the company’s year-round elasticity.
Offshore coal prices: the average spot price for Newcastle power coal in Australia in 2022 was US$ 306/t. Increase of 214.5 per cent in the same year, with 2022q1 having an average price of US$ 240/tonne, or 29.78 per cent in the ring; the average price of q2 being a significant increase in the price of coal in Australia, driving the company’s performance. The impact of the overseas epidemic has diminished and demand has gradually increased.
Meanwhile, the Russian-Turkish conflict has continued to ferment since spring 2022, and Russian coal has been banned by the European Union, with a lack of supply and demand, or will expand, thereby contributing to high international energy prices. Domestic coal prices: a steady increase in the performance of the Qin port powered coal operation in 2022.
With steady growth in the second half of the year, energy demand is expected to remain strong, while domestic coal prices, both within and outside the country, provide a strong boost to domestic coal prices. In terms of domestic and foreign resonance in coal prices, coal operations are expected to fully release the elasticity of performance.
The company ' s coal-chemical products are diverse and include methanol (equity capacity 2.4 million tonnes/year), acetic acid, ethyl acetic acid, ethylene diol, perineamide (300,000 tonnes/year), synthetic ammonia (240,000 tonnes/year), butylol, polymethyldehyde, kerosene (75) Corporate Information Update Report - High Coal Prices Overseas
In 2022, the market price for H1 products remained high, with methanol (spine, with an increase in coal in Australia, which is expected to further increase in industry, the Orangjong Mining Group, with an average price of $282.05 per ton, an increase of 17.38% in the same year; and the average price for endamide was 17.38%.
In addition, a subsidiary of the company, Elmol Capacitation II, Polymethyloxydimethylether (dmmn) project is being built, with high price elasticity, to facilitate the release of year-round performance. Corporate Information Update - Year-round performance elasticity.