There was a significant increase in profits throughout the year, “intelligent hardware plus mobile interconnections” building long-term growth — a sound-held performance forecast for 2020 was issued by the company, with net profits expected to grow by about 47 per cent over the same year.
• King of Africa's Mobile Phones, a continuous deployment of strategies in emerging markets overseas, according to the idc Quarterly Tracking Report on Global Mobile Phones, released in December 2020, 2020q3 Africa's smart and able mobile phone markets grew by 14.1 per cent, to 229 million.
As the last billion-grade demographic dividend, Africa’s mobile Internet and smartphone penetration is growing rapidly.
The single-point breakthrough has become a multi-point break, requiring more localization of the accumulation of operational strategies, and localization as a strategic focus of the message will continue to lead the market in the blue sea. Companies are accelerating their pace in emerging markets abroad, deepening the moat, pursuing the possibilities of multi-modal development, and spreading the message is emerging overseas.
The potential of the market has also been fully exploited. More than 70 countries and regions in Africa, the Middle East, South-East Asia, and South Asia are now covered by a sound global marketing network. idc expects emerging market mobile phones to reach $83,254 billion in 2022, and emerging markets will become a powerful driver of growth in the global mobile phone market.
• Deepening the strategic layout of diversity, and the initial formation of a commercial eco-model, “Mobile phone + self-research os+wide mobile app + home power/equipment”, has been initially developed and is expected to “recombine” to South Asia and even South American markets.
The platform's secondary development, in-depth custom-made smart terminal operating system (os). And around the sounding o, the sound development of application programs such as shops, game centres, advertising distribution platforms, and mobile phone housekeepers. Currently, the number of users of the sounding os system is increasing.
The gradual spread of the network, the active embrace of the digital economy, the use of customized os and flow entrance advantages, and the joint roll-out of a series of mobile Internet products and services with well-known Internet companies in the country.
The company has developed more than 10 million applications for seven months of active users. Among them, music stream media flat, mobile connectivity long-term growth, 2020-10-28, which is very popular with African users, has become Africa’s largest music stream media platform.
"O2 Reverse Growth, Technology Towards the Rise of New Marks" — Prospective and Investment Proposals — “Cell Leaders in Gold Emerging Markets, Continuous Borders”
We're looking at the corporate hardware + the Internet's ecological layout, and we expect the company's operating income to be 20-22 years old.