The 4q20 performance remained strong, the Yang Super, the audio-consumptions announced a slightly higher performance forecast for 2020 than the market had expected, and growth was more certain.
The holding announced an advance notice of 2020 performance, with a projected net profit of $2.64 billion for 2020, which comes from equity incentive amortization costs, but the 4q20 profit for sounding remains at a high equal rate. As the net profit for two consecutive quarters exceeds our projections, growth is positive in the long run.
Qualitatives have increased further, so we've raised the net profits of sound transmissions by 24% and 18% over the next two years, and the demand of new and emerging developing regions such as Africa, India and others to switch to smartphones is expected to be the driving force behind the growth of smartphones around the world after 2022.
Smartphone layouts in these markets can help companies enjoy long-term growth benefits, making them more secure. In addition to regions that have been successfully expanded, such as Pakistan, China, etc., the sound spreads actively to Turkey, Thailand, Russia, etc.
In the longer term, the sound spread also seeks to expand the iot products around mobile phones and Internet services in these emerging areas, laying the foundation for long-term company development. Twenty-six% of the time, the “buy-in” rating is maintained.
1) The volatility of capital markets leads to sounding valuations; 2) the volatility of emerging market economies drags on mobile phone demand; 3) the cost of expanding the new areas to boost sound transmission; and 4) the volatility of exchange rates.
Accelerating Profit Growth (2020-10-28) Smart Phone Branding Global (2020-09-01)
• Predictation by Pulse: The new forecast vs predicts that we're using the dcf (discounted cashflow) valuation method to value sound control shares. Due to the higher certainty of company growth over the long term, we've increased the sounding from 2025 to 2025.
Pilgrim International, Pilgrim International, pessimistic and pessimistic scenarios
The pessimism scenario (with a probability of 10 per cent) where African market machines switch smart machines faster than expected, drives economic fluctuations in emerging regions to drag demand for mobile phones;
(a) The rapid rise in the average unit price of sound cellular phones;
Emerging-market machines are moving more slowly toward intelligence, and sound cell phones are growing explosively in digital terms, making a significant contribution to the harvest. Average unit prices are not growing as fast as expected.
Jinpai International. Jinpai International.