The emerging markets are growing well and performance continues to be high: the company issued an advance announcement on its annual performance for 2020 in the evening of 29 January, and the company expects to realize a return net profit of around 2,639 million yuan in 2020, an increase of about 845 million yuan over the same period the previous year.
In 2020, companies kept a close track of the market, carried out forward planning and research on products, built on localized innovation, and continuously upgraded the use of products.
Africa, as the main market for companies, continued to grow steadily in 2020, except for the fact that companies continued to increase their efforts to open markets outside Africa and promote brand names, and that sales revenues from non-African markets increased at a faster rate than ever before. Corporate income as a whole grew by 48% in 2020.
We believe that, with population growth and improved incomes in Africa and emerging countries and regions, the 4g/5g network coverage is increasing, market capacity is expected to expand further, and companies are expected to continue to optimize cost controls. By 2020, companies will be able to strengthen supply chain management and integration capabilities, among other things.
Cost controls are applied to continuously promote efficiency gains and improve operational efficiency. Of the non-recurrent gains and losses, the corresponding increase of $61 million is mainly attributable to government subsidies, changes in the fair value of gold financing, measured at fair value and accounted for by changes in current profits and losses, and investment returns on property.
The company continues to expand beyond mobile products, with the digital appliance brand oraimo taking the lead in the African market; and the post-sale brand carlcare has over 2,000 service outlets worldwide, providing strong security for mobile phones.
After-sales services have raised user awareness. On mobile Internet, the OS system has become the mainstream operating system in major emerging markets, such as Africa, while the mobile Internet should be actively developed and promoted, thanks to the company ' s market presence and brand power in mobile hardware.
App applications such as boomplay, viskit, rapid growth in the number of users, interaction with mobile hardware 1, Sound Holdings (688036): New City and complementarities to further improve customer stickyness.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: after continuous overperformance of companies in q2 and q3 in 2020, expected 2020-10-28
As a demonstration of its brand power, the growth logic was validated and, with the optimal product structure, emerging 2, Sound Controls (688036): Centrally reported, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, had a Portfolio Investment Advisory.