In the fast-paced and long-term, vertical integration advantages highlight the 3024 Māori ring increase, with profits being held up slightly by financial costs. The company’s lower exchange earnings and reduced government subsidies in the first three quarters of 2024, with an increase of 52 million yuan in financial costs.
The mlcc cycle hits the bottom, and the high-voltage material is in the flash phase. The company uses "material + structure + function" as its launch, and the mlcc product is constantly moving towards miniaturization, high tolerance, high frequency, high reliability, high-pressure, etc.
With technological breakthroughs and quality improvements in products, the company ' s mlcc product market recognition has increased significantly in recent years, contributing positively to the company ' s growth in business income during the reporting period.
Deeper physical integration supports the company’s ability to control costs and to innovate in product research and development. At present, the divisional mlcc covers the mainstream specifications of 0201–2220 dimensions, and the follow-up extension plan will focus on the high-conforming material code, add the ai to the innovation, and the company’s high-conserving product is in a state of outbreak.
Multi-operational layouts such as optical communications components, sofc components, etc., inject long-term growth dynamics. The sales of products such as ceramic cores, piece-of-electric resistance to aluminium oxide ceramics, semiconductor ceramic envelopes, etc. are among the highest in the world.
Sofc components enable the company to expand its operations from the sofc upstream diaphragm to the sofc power generation system and the application system.
Investment Recommendations: For the first time, a rating of “better than the big market” was given. Companies integrated around ceramic materials, with mlcc high-format modulus entering with focused inputs. Focusing on high-end differential competition, taking advantage of vertical integration.
The company was founded in 1970 and placed on the market in 2014. For more than half a century, the company's deep-cultivated electronics, ceramic components industry, which focuses on electronic components and advanced material development, covers a wide range of applications such as electronics, new energy, communications, semiconductors, mobile smart terminals.
The main products of the company ' s communications component operations include fibre-optic ceramic cores and cylinders, mt cores and guided needles; and ceramic appearances.
Operations include, inter alia, cellular ceramic backboards, functional ceramic sheeting for fingerprint modules; electronic component operations, mainly for mlcc, stationary resistors, electric senses, etc.; electronic materials operations, mainly for ceramic tablets, ceramic matrixes, electronic slurry, etc.; and envelope operations, mainly for ceramic envelopes, ceramic masonry, etc.
The company’s fibre-optic connector ceramic cores, aluminium oxide ceramic base panels, electrical resistors, etc. are among the world’s leading producers. At the same time, the three rings are the world’s largest sofc electrolytic diaphragm supplier, the largest sofc single battery supplier on the European market.
Heikang, Dahua, Haile, and China Star, among other label clients, have been moving fast in recent years, and some of the priority material numbers are expected to increase market share rapidly. Mr. Zhang Wan is the company’s real controller and currently the director of the company. Zhang Wan joined the state factory in 1973.
In 2007, with the Mbo acquisition strategy, Zhang Wan, through the Triangese Investment Corporation, actually held a three-ring group. The company's management had a long-term business experience within the company, vis-à-vis the public.
The implementation of the Division’s long-term development strategy is sustainable, contributing to stable and healthy growth in the long term. The company’s long-term growth is largely due to continuous innovation, the development of new products, the breaking of high-end technological constraints, the adaptation and development of its clients’ products, and the expansion of new customers to promote a further increase in its market share.
As the downstream landscape recovers, 1-3024 companies have achieved operating income of $5.381 billion, an increase of 31.05 per cent over the same period, and a net return to the mother of $1.603 billion, an increase of 40.38 per cent over the same period.
In 2023, the Division's electronic components and materials operations were subject to fluctuations in the downstream industry's demand, and communications components and wired endors acted as communications components.
Stakeholder operations have a higher share in the country, and performance is more stable. The Māori ratio of sub-products has a direct impact on the Māori rate of products, given demand and stock cycles, as well as high crop and price volatility, with relatively stable communications components and other operations over the long term, and higher volatility in the Māori ratio of electronic components and materials.
In terms of profitability, the company’s cost is stable, and the profitability is significantly better than that of comparable companies. Benefiting from the vertical integration advantage of the industry chain, the company’s profitability is ahead, and short-term demand drops can lead to a loss of profitability.
Comparable companies, such as Farah Electronics, have benefited mainly from the cost advantages of vertical integration of the company’s industrial chain. Corporate R & D rates have continued to rise, both administrative and sales rates have been stable, and in 2023 the company’s profit projections were based on the following assumptions:
Electronic components and materials: The current pace of investment in the company's high-capacity series of multi-layered ceramic capacitors expansion project is communication components: 400g high-speed light communication tube shell products have been certified by customers and continue to develop ceramic-metal envelopes with good high-frequency performance, reliability and gas-density, i.a. base building advances are expected to pull.
We expect that in 2024-2026, the company will have a similar increase in the amount of semiconductor components: the semiconductor component business, in the context of the large domestication of equipment components, is expected to open up to all new additions taking into account the company's business characteristics, and we use the relative valuation method to estimate the company's reasonable value range.
The company's business involves the passive component industry and the ceramics industry, so we've chosen companies like Fenghua High School, Jemper Technology, Cable Electronics, Crystal Technology, and National Ceramic Materials as comparable companies. The industry has a 25-year average of p29 times, considering the company's high growth, better cost, and competition with other competitors, so we give it a measure.
Companies’ profits are more affected by downstream demand, if demand for downstream consumer electronics, home power, industrial controls, etc.
If there is a delay in the pace of production, or if the client is unable to verify it, it may be possible that the company will not be able to produce as quickly as expected.
Downstream demand is not as high as expected: the mlcc sector is more affected by macro-economic shocks, and downstream client demand falls or slows down if macro-economic fluctuations occur in the future.
The risk of increased competition: there is a slight excess of supply over demand in the mlcc industry, which may have a negative impact on the profitability of companies if downstream demand increases or national production rates fall short of expectations, as well as when a friendship expansion is too intensive.
Technology R & D risks: The industries in which the company is located are technology-intensive industries, new materials, new processes, and the pace of downstream product renewals is increasing, requiring companies to increase their autonomous R & D capabilities and respond quickly to changes in market demand.
At the same time, new technologies, new processes, new products, and strategies for research and development need to be carefully chosen in the light of market trends and customer demand, if the firm’s R & D direction is biased and unable to satisfy downstream customers.
The reason for the large amount of receivables is that the company uses different forms of settlement for different customers, giving better-credited customers a certain period of time.
A further increase in the collection of accounts may result in a loss to the company if there is an adverse change in the client’s ability to pay and accounts receivable cannot be recovered in full.The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author