Quarterly evaluation of the New Olympic shares - year-on-year growth in performance
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average Company base (RMB)
8,000 incidents: The company issued a quarterly report on 27 April in which it earned 1.772 billion yuan in operating income for the first quarter of the year, an increase of 6.0072.79 per cent in the same year, and a net profit of 183 million yuan for the mother, an increase of 301.52 per cent in the same year. The increase in performance was due to an increase in the prices of coal, m. 4.000 ol, and an increase in the return on investment of the affiliated company, the State of New Canton, and an increase in the return on investment of the new santos.
Coal methanol prices have increased year-on-year, and performance has improved considerably. 1.550 million tons of coal were produced in one quarter, 1560.6 million tons of coal were sold; 352 million yuan in coal main business, 238 million yuan in Maori and 67.61 per cent in Maori, an increase of 15.4 percentage points from last year ' s Māori rate.
The price of coal continues to rise, with the price of power coal (q5500) on the island increasing by 57.35% in the quarter. The price of methanol rose by the same amount as the company’s performance, the market price of methanol in the east of China grew by 55.25% in the quarter, and santos continued to benefit from a rebound in the price of oil and gas.
The full cost of santos fell from $36.5/bail in 2016 to $34/bail. Santos reversed the policy. 1. New Olympic shares: a significant improvement in the four-quarters performance ring, slightly positive results, net debt fell from $3.5 billion at the end of 16 years to $3.1 billion.
The financial model, which predicts an investment gain of $22.91 million for santos in a quarter, we think the forecast compares well with 2. "New Olympic shares: the crutch of performance has come, ng Trading Lines has a low-season profit contribution for a quarter. We have less revenue recognition for a quarter.
The engineering firm is expected to make a profit of $20-30 million a quarter. The major shareholder, lng, is expected to keep pace with the construction project, and the engineering company’s performance is expected to improve as originally expected.
This is due to additional interest on corporate debt issued during the same period of the previous year, as well as to the financial costs of the new M&A loans. Taxes and co-payments increased by 189.54 per cent in the current period, mainly because of a corresponding increase in resource taxes as a result of the higher revenues generated by the subsidiary from the mining industry in its new capacity over the same period of the previous year.
The company’s voting rights for santos have been raised from 10% to 12.57% since the agreement was signed. The company’s influence as the largest shareholder of santos will be further strengthened, and it will facilitate the development and deployment of corporate upstream strategies in clean energy, both domestically and internationally.
The New Olympic Group's entire industrial chain collaboration has taken shape. New Olympic shares are in the capital of Australia, controlling the upstream sources of gas. The Group's receiving stations are also under construction and will have an eng import hub. New Olympic energy as an urban gas gas source.
Distributors, operating in hundreds of cities, provide gas to millions of people. From upstream, (8621), the New Olympic Group is running the entire industry chain of ng trade downstream, and future group-level industrial-chain collaboration is emerging.
As a low-value upstream oil and gas resource indicator, look at the layout of the New Olympic shares in the areas of oil and gas and ng. The company is expected to return to its parent net profits of 12.2, 16.4 and 2.08 billion yuan in 2017-2019, with a flat ps. 0.95, oil and gas, coal and methanol prices falling significantly: eng engineering operations are not as good as expected:
An analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating, which is used as an average market investment. The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the combined competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.