The epidemic is not changing its long-term value — the double-sink development (000895.sz) semi-annual review.
The prices of pork fell sharply, the raw product business was affected, and the company as a whole fell. The meat business (packaging meat products) and the slaughter business (new products) of 22h1 contributed 47.5 per cent/50.97 per cent of the camps, respectively, mainly affected by the epidemic, with weak catering channels; and the sale of the fresh product was affected by lower prices for raw pigs, compared to lower prices.
The decline of more than 30% is the main reason for the impact on revenue collection. Cost declines are synchronized, and the meat-rich ratio rises to increase profit.
The share of operating costs for meat products was 77.57 per cent. The total amount procured during the reporting period was $21.606 billion, a decrease of 30.2 per cent over the same period in the previous year, resulting in lower operating costs as a result of lower prices for direct materials. This decrease was due to the fact that both raw and packaged meat products were produced on a “stored” basis and were affected by the epidemic during the reporting period.
As a result, the price of raw products and packaged meat products increased by 5.95 percentage points to 31.97% during the reporting period, contributing to a net profit increase.
The profits are expected to improve continuously in the second half of the year. It is expected that the price of 22H2 pork will rebound, the slaughter business will release stocks, the harvest will increase, and the profits will improve. As companies have fully accumulated low-priced raw meat in the first half of the year, the cost pressures in the second half of the year are relatively manageable and the effects of the epidemic will be reduced, market demand will return to warmer, and the meat industry will grow.
The company has introduced new products, expanded its business, and expanded downstream into the industrial chain to raise its Māori ratio. The company slaughter business is still heavily influenced by the volatility of pork prices.
The company’s layout below the industry chain is expected to reduce the company’s exposure to industry cycles, and help the company achieve a new breakthrough in its performance. Investment proposals: the company’s two main industries continue to make good: improved profits in slaughtering; and sufficient security for raw meat reserves.
Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. Any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is invalid.
Investors should not simply rely on this report to replace their own independent judgement, and should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any investment decisions and capital decisions made by investors on that basis