Incidents: China PV recently released its mid-2017 report, with companies achieving operating income of 3,033 million yuan in the first half of 2017, an increase of 0.99 per cent in the same year; net profit of 442 million yuan attributable to the parent company (00217.sz), an increase of 11.36 per cent in the same year and net profit of 410 million yuan attributable to the parent company, an increase of 7.09 per cent in the same year; ps 0.56/
In the first half of 2017, China achieved business income of $3.033 billion, an increase of 0.99 per cent, and a net profit of $442 million, a growth of 11.36 per cent, attributable to its parent company. In terms of products, the connectionr business achieved income of $1.933 billion, an increase of 2.59 per cent, Māori rate of 39.70 per cent, an increase of 1.39 pct, and optical and photovoltaic equipment operations of $516 million, an increase of 1.87 per cent, and Māori rate of 23.12 per cent, respectively.
This represents an increase of $285 pct; a decrease of $533 million for cable assemblies and integrated products, of 6.62 per cent, and a rise of 38.06 per cent in Maori, of 6.04 pct. It is a matter of concern that the company ' s Māori sales rate, at 36.78 per cent, has maintained a continuing upward trend; net interest rates on sales, at 15.77 per cent, have been growing for four consecutive years, and the increase in net profits during the reporting period was mainly due to the increase in the Māori rate of products, which increased in relation to the same rate as out-of-business income.
During the reporting period, there was a stronger industry in defence market companies, and new breakthroughs in high-tech \triangleright connectivity have been made. The public goods business has focused on expanding new markets, signing strategic cooperation framework agreements, and accelerating company research with external expertise.
In terms of research and development, companies have developed their own fluid connector technology at an internationally advanced level, filling the domestic technology gap; a high-speed backboard connector technology breakthrough has solved the high-speed transmission of data.
Questions of signal integrity; technological breakthroughs in the new power-driven liquid-cold charging solution for vehicles, which has established the company’s leading position in the field of high-power charging. Continued promotion of automation and growing core manufacturing capacity.
On January 18, 2017, China PV Review adopted the first long-term incentive scheme for restricted stocks, which together awarded High Performance Growth, Successful Business Extension 2016.08.29/Equator, using compound growth, compound profit growth and net asset return rates over the next three years as the core indicators for unlocking conditions. We believe that this equity incentive is a key indicator of the conditions.
The broad coverage provides sufficient incentives for the company’s core cadres to achieve interest binding and also highlights the firm’s staff’s good faith in the future development of Chinese PV. \triangleright Sindh Securities Inc. \triangleright
Cindasecuritiesco., Ltd. House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing City. Risk factors: higher costs of raw materials or manpower may reduce the Māori rate of products; companies may not expand to higher-end interconnections as expected.
\triangleright includes a number of well-known European-American journals, such as: reviewouturesmarkets, journalportfoliomanagement, journaloftraining, etc.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is provided only to the specific client mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is publicly produced by a publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, or the securities or investments referred to in this report.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.