On August 14th, at the interactive platform, the company ' s new technology industry base was being built, with a three-year construction period scheduled for 2019.
2) On August 8, the signing ceremony for the city of Luoyang in cooperation with the Silverlong Project took place in Chengzhou, Henan, with the participation of Dong Myeong Ju and the Silver Long executive.
The silver medal came with $15 billion to work in depth with Luoyang. On that day, the two sides signed three framework agreements, under which Silver Long will build a new energy complex in the city of Los Angeles.
“Industry Parks”, located in Luoyang's new district, with a total investment of $15 billion. The first construction projects in the estates included three large blocks of stock prices relative to market performance (nearly 12 months).
Production of 10,000 pure electric commercial vehicles, 5,000 annual pure special electric vehicles, 5,000 new energy and sanitation vehicles, and a number of new energy vehicles, such as new energy leather trucks, pure electric farm tools.The new technology industry base was launched in 2019 to ensure company follow-up.
Construction of the China PV industrial base began in December 2016, with a three-year construction cycle. The construction area is approximately 114 acres. The China PV industrial base project is planned to invest a total of $1024.3 million, mainly in the following: planning to upgrade liquid cooling, light power and PV equipment, high-speed backboards and new energy power power.
Industrialized production capacity for new business products, such as automobiles, and the construction of company production infrastructure are planned to be completed in 2017 with an investment of about 190 million yuan, in 2018 with a construction investment of 370 million yuan, in 2019 with a construction investment of 264.3 million yuan and in 2019 with the completion of construction.
With the new technology base in place, the company’s output will increase considerably, allowing it to expand new energy sources.
Silverlong will build a new energy complex in Los Angeles (hereinafter referred to as the “Industry Park”), with a total investment of $15 billion. The first projects in the industrial park will consist of three blocks. In this case, Silverlong will build a new vehicle-wide production base in Los Angeles and will produce 10,000 pure electric businesses per year.
Cars, 5,000 pure special electric cars, 5,000 new energy sanitation trucks per year, and a number of new energy vehicles, such as new energy sources, leather trucks, pure electric farm tools. Silver beads are down at Luoyang’s production base, the largest new energy appliance provider in Liaoyang, with the highest rate of PV in China as a new energy connector in the city.
The supplier will undoubtedly be one of the biggest beneficiaries. 135 military industrial weapons are in an accelerated stage, medium light power is well established in the field of military industrial connectors, and the benefits grow in the medium and long term.
The rise of major powers is bound to be accompanied by the rise of military workers, the steady growth of the defence budget in recent years, the steady growth of the military industry, the gradual entry of the military industry into the peak of the new weapons build-up in the 13th and 5th years ahead, the China-China-China-Small Power industry as a military-industrial connector, the medium- and long-term benefits, the growth of military-industrial operations, and the growth of the military-industrial industry with the military-industrial industry.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals for new energy operations are not as fast as expected; industry competition exacerbates the decline in Māori rates; and military-industrial weapons loading.
The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views and seeks to be independent, objective and impartial, with no third party's recommendations or conclusions, or any other party's recommendations.