Copper mausoleum coloured (000630) non-ferrous metal Milado copper mine showing long-term performance improvement
• Events: 3-quarter reports issued by the company in 2023 resulted in business income of $10,259 million in the first three quarters (the same year + 15.7 per cent), net profit of $2.58 billion (the same year – 9.0 per cent), net profit of $1.85 billion (the same year Mirado assets were well coupled with a significant increase in non-recurrent gains and losses).
By October 2023, the acquisition of the company was fully completed and adjustments were made to the current year ' s performance and prior year ' s performance. The performance of Mirado assets in January-July 2023 was reflected in the non-recurrent gains and losses of .q3 single-quarters.
Non-recurrent gains and losses of $100 million, compared to $730 million in the previous three quarters. With the merger of the Mirado copper mine held by the Central Iron Construction, the self-sufficiency rate of corporate copper resources is expected to increase from 3 to over 10 per cent, from smelting properties to resource attributes.
● Smelting repairs and a fall in the price of sulphate have led to a decline in q3 performance. The company’s performance in the first quarter of q3 slipped, mainly because the smelting product was able to perform a centralized overhaul in q3. The smelting operation contributed less. The price of the sulfur by-product acid continued to decline in q2 in 2023, with an average price of $130 per ton of sulphate in q2 gold combined and below q1 in the ring.
The reduction of 49.3% and the delay of the recognized quarterly sulphate revenue has led to a decline in the performance contribution of the q3 sulphate business. The cyclical climate is expected to pick up, with the long-term copper price hub remaining high.
The transition from “the bottom of the policy” to “the bottom of the economy” is expected to drive the recovery in copper prices. Transitions in the Fed’s currency cycle are expected to drive the dollar index and the US debt rate downwards to boost the financial attributes of copper.
To benefit from a sustained increase in new energy demand, the basics support the copper price hub to remain high. Copper mausoleum coloured (000630): performance meets expectations, funding 2. Copper mausoleum coloured (000630) Old tree sprouts, resource notes
Rejuvenation (2023-08-10) No compensation will be obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.