Silicon silicon volume increases, integrated sails rises, recommended for the first time cover.
Yuan, year + 127%; mother ' s net profit, $12.22 billion, year + 312%. Mother ' s net profit, silicon business: high view of the photovoltaic industry, high price of silicon taps. Company is global silicon, high view of the photovoltaic industry, and upstream silicon supply and demand bottlenecks remain in China in the first half of 2022.
Basic data (2022.8.22) Additional light-voltage load of 30.9gw, +137 per cent, national production of 365,000 tons of crystal silicon, +53.4 per cent, corporate production of 107,000 tons, +112 per cent, domestic share approximately
30%. With a tight supply and demand run, the average price of single crystal secret material, according to pvinfolink data, amounted to 272,000 yuan per ton for the first six months of the year, and remains high. Companies benefited from the high profile of the photovoltaic industry, with silicon operations rising in the first half of the year. The company ' s multi-crystal silicon capacity currently stands at 230,000 tons.
In the first half of the year, the company performed excellently, achieving sales of 21.8gw, compared to 55%.
Accumulated, rich in technological reserves on all routes, good corporate excellence in market-mainstream perc techniques, with non-silicon costs falling by 20 per cent on a year-on-year basis in the first half of the year; and an average conversion efficiency of over 24.7 per cent in Topcon technology, with an additional 8.5gw line planned, expected to be added
Production at the end of 2022; on hjt, the company ' s laboratory efficiency has reached 25.67% (isfh recognition) and, in addition, the company ' s research and development in the areas of back-to-back contact with batteries, silicon ore/silicon stacking batteries is at the forefront of the industry. The company currently produces 54gw in battery film, with a larger-size delivery rate exceeding that of goods.
75%, with the launch of the battery-building project in progress, it is expected that by the end of 2022 the company will have more capacity than the component business: the proposed top-down integration will be of high strategic importance. Previously, the company had little involvement in the component business, and on 17 August it had access to a photovoltaic component of the Peripheral Power Plant, and
Expressing “further demonstration planning in component operations” through open channels. We believe that the company's strategic configuration of integration from upstream to downstream is a necessity and a propensity, with future opportunities and challenges.
From the point of greatest expectation of changes in industry, battery technology is in many directions, and rapid and disruptive technological change has not yet been seen in the coming period, with cost competition becoming a central theme at the heart of the next phase in a broader environment of policy support for bottom-up and a steady rise in global demand.
It has an excellent technological reserve, a strong productive capacity, an excellent cost-control capability, a top-down approach to component areas, a concentration of demand, and a quantitative expansion and profit transfer that is of high strategic importance to the future development of the company.
The core barriers are still high in terms of technology, costs, services, brands, channels, etc. The industry is an excellent representative of China’s manufacturing industry, which has gone through many years of wind and rain.
The advantages of sphericality, the former leader in the component area and the intended entry of Tung Wai will work together in a competitive manner to improve the quality of China's photovoltaic products and services, and the competitiveness and certainty of the future leader of the industry will be further enhanced, including through cross-fertilization.
Agricultural plate: The firm's aggressive external pressure has led to higher incomes. The company's agricultural plate products are mainly feed. Because of global inflation, the Russian conflict, the new crown epidemic, etc.
Due to the higher cost of upstream agricultural products, the cost of downstream production due to weak economies, poor logistics, etc., requires hundreds of millions of tons, a decline of 4.3 per cent over the same period. Under external pressure, companies are eager to move forward, maintain high quality, improve management efficiency and operations, and achieve revenues of 14.38 billion yuan in the first half of the year in the agricultural sector.
For the first time, a “recommended” rating was covered by 11 times, 13 times, and 13 times, respectively. Demand was not as high as expected; supply released too fast a risk; corporate management risk, etc.
During the reporting period, the company achieved operating income of 60.34 billion yuan, or +12.7 per cent; operating profits of 17.26 billion yuan, or 35 per cent, or +11 pct, or 20 per cent, or +9 pct. In a single quarter, the company q2 received $35.65 billion, and silicon business: a high view of the photovoltaic industry and a high price of silicon taps.
Upstream silicon supply and demand bottlenecks remain, with China ' s light voltage adding 30.9gw in the first half of 2022, compared to +137% in the first half of the year, national crystalline silicon production of 365,000 tonnes in the first half of the year, compared to +53% in the same year, company excess crystalline silicon production of 107,000 tonnes in the same year, compared to +112%, with a domestic share of about 30%.
The company benefits from the high profile of the photovoltaic industry, with silicon operations rising at a very high price in the first half of the year. Currently, 230,000 tons of multi-crystal silicon are planned and executed according to the available capacity and progress, with a projected 350,000 tons of multi-crystal silicon by the end of 2023 and 2024 by the end of 2024. Battery operations: more flowers, with a focus on moving forward.
The same ratio +55%. Battery technology has a variety of routes, the company has accumulated a wealth of technology in each route, and the market-based perc technology company has been very sophisticated, with a 20% reduction in non-silicon costs in the first half of the year; the company ' s average conversion efficiency in Topcon technology exceeds 24.7%, with an additional 8.5gw line planned and is expected to be produced by the end of 2022; on hjt, the company is experimenting.
The efficiency of the rooms has reached 25.67% (isfh certification), in addition to which research and development is at the forefront of the industry in areas such as full back-to-back contact batteries, thorium ore/silicon stack batteries. The company currently produces 54gw batteries, with over 75% of large-scale deliveries, and with the start-up of the battery-building project, it is expected that by the end of 2022 it will have more than 70gw capacity and 90% large-size capacity.
On 17th, the company went into China to collect photovoltaic components and, through open channels, indicated “further demonstration planning in the component business.” We believe that the company's strategic layout of integration from upstream to downstream is a last resort, and that there are both opportunities and challenges ahead.
From the point of greatest expectation of changes in the industry, battery technology is in many directions, and for some time in the future, there has been no rapid change in subversive technology, and in the context of policy support for bottom-up and a steady rise in global demand, cost competition has become a central theme in the next phase. Companies themselves have excellent technological reserves, excellent production capacity, excellent cost-control capabilities, and choose from them.
Top-down entry into the component area, starting with centralized demand, with quantitative expansion and profit transfer, is of high strategic importance for the future development of the company. Examining the existing component leaders in the industry, working for years in the industry, in technology, costs, services, brands, channels, etc.
The photovoltage industry, which is an excellent representative of China’s manufacturing industry, has experienced many years of wind and rain before gaining the global advantage of today’s day, with its original leaders in the component area and its intended entry, and will work together in a competitive manner to improve the quality of China’s photovoltaic products and services, as well as the competition of its future leaders.
Power and certainty will be further enhanced, looking at the future development of photovoltaic companies, including Tungwei. Agricultural plates: the firm’s aggressiveness under external pressure has led to higher incomes.
According to the Chinese Association of Feeding Industries, the total national production of industrial fodder in the first half of the year was 137 million tons, a decline of 4.3 per cent over the same period. Under external pressure, the company was keenly moving forward, maintaining high product quality and improving its management efficiency and operations, while the agricultural plate achieved income of 14.38 billion yuan in the first half of the year, an increase of 61 per cent over the same year, and the sale of 3.23 million tons of fodder, an increase of 49 per cent over the same period.
Figure 4: Māori ratio of company 2022q2 +9pt, Ring +2pc Figure 7: Demand for corporate single-quarter sales, management, R & D, financial cost rates are not as high as expected; supply releases too fast risks; corporate business management risks, etc.