Multiple factors affected performance in the first half of the year, with orders to sustain the subsequent growth - Eastern Electric (600875.sh) incident assessment report - Eastern Electric released its semi-annual report for 2024: 2024h1 achieved business harvest
zhanghan3@cfsc.com.cn iuodx@cfsc.com.cn  multi-factoral influence on performance in the first half of the year
The company is one of the world’s leading suppliers of power generation equipment and power station engineering contractors. In the first half of the year, it was recognized that it was non-monetary because of the decline in the share price of the energy power in the country, and was the result of a concentration of low-cost coal projects and losses in the exchange of non-monetary assets in the first half of the year.
Losses in asset exchange of $181 million, resulting in reduced profits of $290 million on a year-on-year basis, R & D fees, short-term pressure on performance due to factors such as growth and exchange rate fluctuations.
2024h1 “Clean and Efficient Energy Equipment” plate income of $14.1 billion, which is higher than the increase in low-value orders made before the coal power approvals, has led to a similar increase in the Māori plate rate compared to the increase in the start-up delivery + the continuation of the hand orders, which will effectively boost the plate's profitability.
The company is expected to continue to benefit from the regularization of nuclear power approvals. In addition, the “renewable energy equipment” plate generated $8.2 billion, a year-on-year increase in nuclear power.
19 per cent, of which wind/power equipment received 67/1.3 billion yuan, or 19/21 per cent more than the same year, and the subsidiary Eastern wind and power loss; the “engineering and trade” block received 3.5 billion yuan, or 42 per cent lower than the same year, of which the main engineering contractor/trade earned 42 per cent.
1.718 billion yuan, representing a change of 19/61 per cent from the same year, increased competition for the general contracting of engineering services, a significant decrease in the Maori rate, a significant contraction in trade operations and an impact on the performance of the industry; 3.5 billion yuan in the “modern manufacturing services” section, an increase.
46 per cent longer, with electricity station services/financial services earning $2.85 billion, respectively,
The power of coal, gas, nuclear power, extraction, wind power, hydrogen energy, etc., is covered for the first time, with an “buy-in” investment rating.
The demand for power generation equipment falls short of the expected risks, industry competition increases the risks, raw material price volatility, exchange gains and losses, large-scale systemic risks.
Industry research experience, covering photovoltaic and storage energy, Rodito: Master ' s degree in energy and power engineering and finance from the European School of Higher Business, Xian Transport University, in the direction of new energy sources.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index is described as follows: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer); a Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.