Short-term performance pressure influenced by the Māori rate, steady growth of orders followed by a steady increase in annual reporting and multiple factors leading to a decline in profits of 4.54%.
The company’s new orders have been steadily raised, power stations and utilities orders have grown significantly, and orders have grown by more than 37 per cent and 102 per cent over the year.
The power supply system has continued to operate as a guarantee for electricity, with the company's equipment leading the country's demand for electricity increasing steadily, with the entire country using 4.66 trillion kilowatt-hours in the first half of 2024.
In comparison to +8.1 per cent, the installed capacity of the fire power is 1,410 million, of which coal power is 1.70 billion kWh, same-year + 2.5 per cent, or 38.1 per cent of the total installed capacity, with a total of 982 trillion kWh and more than +6.5 per cent of the total electricity consumption of the entire society in 2024, the national average is about 1.45 billion kW, or 2023.
Fire power generation is stable, new energy sources are continuously connected to electricity systems, and, in order to cope with the volatility and intermittentity of new energy generation, it is expected to maintain a level of demand in the future after the 1455 coal-loading targets have been completed.
According to Greenpeace data, 2022/2023/2024h1 was newly approved through the coal power project, which led to the autonomous development of 15 megawatts of heavy gas turbines and the acquisition of the first marketed order. Nuclear power is growing rapidly, and companies are expected to benefit from advanced technology.
According to the 14th Five-Year Plan for a Modern Energy System, the installed capacity of nuclear power is expected to reach 70 million kilowatts by 2025. In 2023, we approved five new nuclear power projects and started five new nuclear power units. To date, we are building 26 nuclear power units with a total installed capacity of 303 million kilowatts.
In August 2024, the State Department announced the approval of 11 new nuclear units, with total investment exceeding 2,000.
Billion dollars. The company has the capability to supply a nuclear power unit of 1 million kilowatts and 175,000 kilowatts, achieving Eastern Electric (600,875) - traditional energy packagings, breaking through the market for spent fuel containers, and re-licensing civil nuclear safety equipment.
High-growth orders, sustained development of renewable energy sources and new and emerging Xindu Air Stock Ltd. Investment proposals and profit projections: lead in company fire and power equipment; lead in nuclear power technology; full in utility and power orders
Eastern Electric (600875.sh) - The re-launching of electric power from fire and nuclear power is ongoing, with less than expected growth in the sale of hydrogen energy plates; trade barriers in Europe and the United States hinder industrial development; fluctuations in the prices of raw materials affect the profitability of companies.
Figure 1 Gross operating income of companies in recent years (millions of yuan) Figure 2 Net profit return of companies in recent years (billions) Figure 7 Sub-business receipts and Māori ratio (millions)
Figure 8 Company hand-in-hand and new orders (millions of yuan) Figure 9 Total domestic electricity consumption and projections (millions of kWh) Figure 10 Fire power authorized installed capacity (thousands of kWh)
Financial statements and financial indicators (in millions of yuan) in the field of machinery, steel, etc., have been studied in depth in technology and periodicity, and continuous in-depth research has been carried out in the areas of lithium electric equipment, photovoltaic equipment, robotics, and automation. The team has focused on research in the areas of photovoltaic, hydrogen, wind, lithium, and storage, and has devoted limited energy to serving more markets at level I and II levels, where the country's needs are met, the industry is flourishing, and the people have faith.
If not, it will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. This report is prepared by China Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not about any area, country or other jurisdiction where China Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations or have made Chinese securities subject to laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are only provided to you for reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments or as an invitation to another person.