National gold foliage stock (002714.sz)
The column shows high expectations, performance growth is on track. Long-term competitiveness ratings: higher than industry averages. Large increases are reported. Future expectations are raised. Companies show 2.95 million in the first half of 2017, last year.
777/1200/1600 million of them, of which 7.77 million were born in 2017, comprising 5.2 million fat and 2.57 million piglets, were accounted for in terms of money and land, talent and team, the ability to grow pigs, and the measurement of logs. From the beginning of 2016, the company’s output grew steadily, while the output was released.
The cost of small companies in large industries, the mooring river, is still strengthening. The domestic pig farming sector has a space of 1.4 trillion dollars, with only 5% of cr10, with less than 3% of the cities in the former Wenhouse and Shinhara; and less than 500 years old.
The average farm and net sales interest rates have been 34.9 per cent and 21.7 per cent since herdland, exceeding the power charger and Vanco. The unique self-sustaining integrated feeding model ensures that the company has the lowest variety of pigs.
Combined costs such as fertility, feed processing, and fertility management. At the same time, key growth indicators such as psy, meat comparison, survival rates, etc. are optimally positioned with such technical and managerial advantages as excellent biological breeding, animal nutrients, disease prevention, etc.
The company's operating level is constantly being optimized. 1) Finance: The herbs of the pre-market market depend on rolling profits of their own. Upon listing, the expansion of the market was accelerated by financing facilitation, with a total of $6,698 million in direct financing, which was rapidly expanding and will continue to grow with snowballs. 2) Management system: the company as a private business, the company as a company.
Prominently militarized management and significantly reduced management outcomes through the establishment of an information-based and financial management system. 3) Cost: Cost control is key to the success of pastoralism. With the synergies of the integration model, advanced equipment savings, market-based management, etc., the control of cost rates is lower in the industry.
Weili1@gjzg.com.cn Imports of pork have increased significantly, large-scale uncontrollable disease has erupted, capacity has not expanded as expected, and shares of company original shareholders in the first half of 2017 have been released from the risk of sale.
I. Analysis of the price volatility of live pigs, by observing the price volatility of pork, we judge the cyclicality of pig-breeding. From the price of pork, the cycle of pig-breeding is constantly prolonged, and the current cycle of pig prices is stale.
In sharp contrast to the continued degeneration of production capacity, the increase in prices of pigs and the fall in maize prices together contribute to the increase in pigs’ grains, while the stock of sows continues to decline. The rapid withdrawal of scavengers, the slow expansion of the size of households, which leads to a very long cycle, is the current “new normal” of the pig market.
The most central indicator in the cyclical analysis of pig farming is the ability to grow pigs, which fluctuates in conjunction with seasonal “small cycles.” From 2006 to the present, the country has experienced two distinct rounds of “weekly periods,” which can be graphically explained by a taronet model.
In the first cycle, from December 2006 to December 2009. The high prices of pigs led to rapid growth in pig farming. In 2005-2006, the price of pigs fell significantly to reduce the stock of hogs by farmers, combined with a decline in the overall stock of “blue ear disease”, a huge increase in the price of pigs in 2006-2008, and a significant increase in the price of pigs in 2008 under the State administration.
Incentives, rapid growth of the supply-demand imbalance in the stock, coupled with thin meat-induced events, led to a fall in pig prices, forming a full cycle. The second cycle runs from December 2009 to December 2013.
(b) In June 2009, in order to stabilize the price of pigs, the State launched a plan to collect frozen meat, which, while amounting to 120,000 tons, had a positive effect on the market since the price of the pig was raised. From winter 2010 to spring 2011, some of them were able to take advantage of the price of the pig.
In 2011, the increase in the prices of pork caused both a decline in the stock of pigs, a drop in the number of herds, the withdrawal of herds, and a sharp rise in the cost of feed, labour, etc.
High farm profits affect the ability of a large number of farmers to expand their production capacity, the pace of investment in domestic and external capital, and the impact of meat shocks on the price of pigs entering the decline route form the second full cycle. The third round of the “cycle” is under way.
As a result of the fall in pig prices, the growth of sows is gradually losing a lot of weight, the willingness of the owners to phase out them has increased, the stock of sows has declined, and environmental policies have led to an increase in the recovery cycle of pig farming.
Point, now that the pig price is in the next cycle, the cycle is not over. Chart 4: The price of a pig can grow, as the stock of a pig drops, environmental policy accelerates the production of a pig.
There are only 36 million of them, and the market has a well-recognized balance of 40 million. We expect the price of a pig to hit the ground fast in the second half of 2017, with a small wave of rebounds and a steady 7.7 million live pigs in 2017, comprising 5.2 million fat pigs and 2.57 million hogs.
They will explain it in terms of money and land, talent and team, fixed assets, construction work, and productive biological assets. The herdsmen who go on the market depend on their profits rolling, and the expansion of the market is facilitated by financing.
Direct financing has accumulated $6.698 billion, converted into an additional capacity of about 7 million. Over the next three years, the company will continue to spend $3-4 billion a year in capital spending to expand farm sizes, corresponding to the company's current annual reserve of about 100,000 acres of land per 100,000 pigs under the self-sustaining integration model.
In addition, the land reserves that have been contracted in the northeast can support between 6 and 7 million new capacity. The biggest challenge now for companies is whether the expansion of their teams will keep pace.
People, more than 2 billion, with a third phase in progress; (2) management: the construction of an information system has been stepped up since 2013 and modern management has taken a step forward; (3) development: directors spend a great deal of energy on talent development, and the company ' s production management system is unique in the long term.
To date, herd workers have reached around 20,000, far above the 5,000 that were on the market.
From the 371,000 cross-cutting developments at the time of listing to 31.14 million in 2016, the annual compound growth rate was as high as 40.6% so rapidly that it was possible for all employees of the company to work hard. To share the fruits of herd growth, the company had implemented two employee-holding schemes and a third.
The scheme has just been considered and adopted by the Shareholder Assembly. (3) Fixed assets, construction in progress and productive biological assets. In mid-2017, fixed assets of companies, construction in progress, productive biological assets were the same as in the same period last year.
17.71 per cent/1.8 per cent. The concentration of pighouses that began construction last year in the first half of this year led to a doubling of fixed capital and a slight decline in construction work. Productive biological assets and fixed assets are growing at a pace that confirms the true expansion of the company’s capacity.
In the first half of 2017, 2.95 million of them, or 32 per cent, were registered. In the context of the industry ' s continued decline in the stock of piglets, high-quality pigs and piglets became scarce resources, and companies built up high-quality core pigs by breeding and expanding for nearly 20 years, not only to meet their own rapidity.
The need for expansion, and the profits that can be realized through the sale of piglets, has been substantial. We measure that the first half of the year, single-headed pig, has earned more than $300 and is extremely profitable.
In June 2017, the company came out of 780,000 places, with a 56% increase in the ring, a major turning point that announced the official rise of the well blow-out. According to 2017q1, 2017q2, the number of pigs rose by 1.24 million and 1.71 million, pushing back to the end of 2016q3,
At the end of 2016q4, the company had 37 million and 400,000 pigs, respectively, and based on the growth trend in the company ' s numbers, it was estimated that 2017q1 and 2017q2 had 43 and 450,000 pigs, while the share of piglets in the second half of 2017 remained at 30 per cent, extrapolating q3 and q4 in 2017.
The total number of entries was 241.5 and 240.9 million respectively, totalling 4.82 million, of which 1.62 million were pigs; 7.77 million were shown throughout the year, of which 2.57 million were pigs. Q2 was sold in the form of pigs: 545,000 were used for fertility and q3 in the form of fat pigs.
At the same time, q2 produces an average of 40*23.5/12 = 783,000 per month, of which about 260,000 are in the form of pigs. Thus, q3 shows an average monthly output of 545,000 pigs + 260,000 pigs = 805,000; q3 shows a total of 80.5*3 = 241.5 million pigs, of which the pig is a pig.
The q3 is sold in the form of piglets; the remaining 523,000 are used for fertility and q4 in the form of fat pigs. At the same time, q3 has an average monthly birth of 43*23.5/12 = 84.2 million breast-feeding pigs, of which about 280,000 are sold in the form of pig pigs.
Fat pig + 280,000 head pigs = 803,000 head, q4 out of 80.3*3 = 240.9 million head, with piglets, three, big industry small companies, cost-protecting rivers still strengthening (1) big industry small companies with rapid scale up
The domestic pig-breeding industry is 1.4 trillion, with only 5% of cr10, and the cities of Winch and Shinhara account for less than 3%: 55% of pigs in the first 500 years or less (data for 2015) are in a state of scale. The size of the United States, based on its experience, was in the 1990s.
We are now at the beginning of the acceleration period, and the next 5-10 years of the "super-long pig cycle" will continue.
Long-term lows in the hog-rich and pig-bearing stock will ensure higher returns for the industry. (2) Cost control is the cultural gene at the core of the pastoralist land, the central advantage of which is the cost, which is currently 11.4/kg, and other listed companies.
Approximately $1.25-13/kg for the bulk households of about $13-15/kg. The investment in the self-reliance integrated model is about $100 million per 100,000 pigs, generating less than $200 million in income, a veritable asset. If not, capital spending can easily drag down an enterprise, i.e., “Snowball accelerates suicide”; and, if so,
The cost advantage is that the heavy asset model accelerates the elimination of backward capacity, and the company’s moat will become more visible. Through automated information management systems, the company records the growth of each employee’s unit during the feeding process.
The cost of consumption of fodder, veterinary medicine, water and electricity, and the award of highly resource-efficient employees, coupled with the finer management of fertility by market-oriented cost controls, have kept herd production performance indicators at the forefront of the industry for a long period of time and the lowest cost of fertility.
▪ Assuming expansion through bank borrowing, 100,000 pig-born projects will cost around $100 million, depreciated by $13 million. The cost of depreciation under the new model of cooperation with the state is equivalent to $2 million, plus $3,200 per year for graduation from poverty.
For 1.6 million, the total annual depreciation cost is 3.6 million, which is much less than the depreciation cost under the bank lending modality. This is reflected in a cost saving of $94 per pig/head and $0.9 per kg.  Half of the company’s new subsidiaries are in poor counties, a model that has been tested and is expected to be successful throughout the country.
By promoting replication, the space for further cost reductions has been opened. (3) The space for further cost reductions has been opened – in terms of cost splitting, the main cost of a farm enterprise is the cost of change, i.e. the raw material for feed.
In recent years, as food prices have become more volatile, the company’s dynamic cost management capacity has been highlighted. Based on the availability of the “corn + soybean” formulation technology, the company combines the Nanyang with the Nanyang.
The features of the wheat main production area are that the "wheat + pea" feed formulations are adapted to the local context. Because wheat and maize are energy-substantiated and have higher protein content than maize, substitution for maize reduces the use of proteins such as soybean.
The fixed asset depreciation of herds is higher than that of other farm enterprises, and this is associated with the integration of the whole process of self-sufficiency. Through its broad participation in national poverty alleviation projects, the company has taken the lead in developing a new model of light assets in the industry that will help to reduce the cost of depreciation.
The current three-year base loan rate is 4.75 per cent, and the company’s cost of financing bank borrowing is 5 per cent or 5 per cent, which is about 3 per cent less than the 2 per cent interest rate of the country’s start-up, which is equivalent to low-interest loans from the country’s start-up through participation in pro-poor projects.
In cooperatives, the depreciation of companies can be reduced.IV. How do we see the excess gains of herds? (1) Excess gains are the best measure of balanced profitability.
The pig cycle is more certain than the stock market, and both the lower and the higher the price of the pig are bound to come, and that's not a change of heart. Even in the United States, where the size is so high, the pig cycle still exists. In the swing of the cycle, the growth of the value of the enterprise should be measured, and that indicator should follow the firm's lead.
This growth has not been associated with the volatility of pig prices. The cost of livestock farming in the herds has had a significant advantage over the industry, and it has resulted in excess gains. Next, we calculate the excess gains of single-headed pigs and pigs and the excess gains of the company as a whole against the industry.
The cost of raising a single pig is approximately $11.4 per kilogram at this stage, compared to the average cost of the industry of $13.6 per kilogram. This is the excess gain of the herd relative to the industry.
The cost of a single-headed pig's excess gain is $370 for a 15-kg pig who is currently on the line, with an advantage of $180 in relation to the industry's average cost of $550.
The excess gains relative to the industry and 3.6 million dollars, yielding a reasonable excess gains for the company in the coming year, are: the company still has a net profit of about $2.7 billion, against a pessimistic forecast of an overall balance of gains and losses.
In the first half of 2017, the company went out to 2.95 million small companies in large industries, and the cost-guarding river continued to intensify. Since 2009, the average Roe and net sales interest rates have been 34.9 per cent and 21.7 per cent, with a unique self-sustaining integrated feeding model.
Guarantee companies have the lowest combined costs of pig breeding, feed processing, fertility management, etc. At the same time, key growth indicators such as psy, meat comparison, survival rates, etc. are best achieved with excellent biological breeding, animal nutrition, disease prevention, and other technical and managerial advantages.
• The company's operating level is constantly being optimized. 1) Finance: The pre-market herbs built on their own profits, accelerated expansion through financing facilitation, with a total of $6,698 million in direct financing, which has expanded rapidly and does not continue to grow with snowballs. 2) Management system: the company, as a private enterprise, uses the company
Militarization management is well known and significantly reduced by the establishment of an information and financial management system. 3) Cost: Cost control is the key to the success of the pastoralist process. With the synergies of the integration model, advanced equipment, human resource savings, market-based management, and control cost rates are lower in the industry.
An analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating, which is used as an average market investment. The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.