With sophisticated news (002475.sz) fruit chain taps re-emerged, cars and communications grew at $10.185 billion (youy+20.65%), consumer electronics continued to contribute to the major growth in revenue.
Increases in the Māori rate as a result of the reduction of efficiency gains; 2) increase in investment returns from associated enterprises; 3) depreciation of the renminbi relative to export-led enterprises; 4) increase in interest income as a result of the increase in monetary funds. This resulted in the sale of stocks at a high exchange rate of 1h23 at the end of 2022.
Digital intelligence transition, optimization of internal processes, human efficiency upgrades and downswing efficiency gains, and high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-level, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high
Currently, the company’s product lines cover five areas: connectors and cables, communications radio frequency, optical interconnection, thermal management, and power sources. In the area of high-speed interconnection of data centres, the company, together with head chip plants, is forward-looking in developing the next generation of high-speed connectivity standards 800g, 1.6t, etc., for mainstream data centres and cloud service providers around the world.
A breakdown of products such as external high-speed copper cables, cables and connector components has been highly recognized by clients. Car interconnections have contributed to the second largest increase in revenue.
Accumulated industrial capacity, firms rapidly achieving cross-border empowerment of automobile-related products, based on a deep strategic partnership with head-to-head factory and automobile brand customers, both inside and outside the country, for automobile-related products (high/low pressure wire beams, high-speed wire beams, charge guns, car connections, smart-barrel controls)
A wide market space has been opened up by instruments, liquid crystal meters, triad power systems, arhud, dms, etc. Investment advice: company-wide deep-down consumer electronics business, car interconnection business, telecommunications interconnection business, sophisticated communications (002475.sz) - three quarters net return profit is expected to increase on the same date.
We've achieved precision cards in the arithmetic, car intelligence, long-term corporate development, and the world's leading intelligent manufacturing platform companies, with endogenous growth and extended M&As, have been successful in capturing smart phones, smart wears,
The three major innovation opportunities for smart cars were created in 2004 to provide solutions for high-speed interconnections, acoustics, radio frequency antennas, wireless charging, vibrations, telecommunications-based stations, and systems for smart-wearing and home-based products.
Manufacturers, with full global layout, internationalized production, marketing, and R & D operations. Through endogenous growth and extended M & As, companies have successfully captured pc-smart smartphones and smart-wearing smart cars, corporate equity concentration, and successive roll-out of equity incentive programs to bind management teams and core cadres.
Quarterly reports, with 38.05 per cent shares in Hong Kong Communications Ltd.; the company actually controls the implementation of the stock options incentive scheme in December 2022, which binds the management team and core cadres, highlighting the long period since the company was listed in 2010, the continued net profit from the return to the mother, and the high rate of growth.
・The core client Apple caught smart phones (2010-2016), smart worn (2017-2020) twice because (1) the group optimized the increase in the Māori rate through the use of smart informatization platforms to reduce efficiency gains: (2) the investment returns of the consortium; (3) the devaluation of the renminbi is relatively good for export-oriented enterprises; (4) goods
The increase in currency funds has led to a corresponding increase in interest income. Figure 5: Proximate net profit to mother and increase (in billions, per cent) Figure 6: Proximate single-season net profit to mother and increase (in billions, per cent)
In 2023, the consumer electronics ratio was over 85%. The company’s main business can be divided into five broad categories of consumer electronics, telecommunications interconnectivity products and precision components, computer interconnectivity products and precision components, car interconnectivity products and precision components, other connectors and other operations, with the consumer electronics ratio rising from 36.34% in 2014
At the same time, as a result of the growth in the collection of the entire assembly operation of airpods, applewatch and the like, the ratio of consumer electronics to the collection of computer-connected products and sophisticated components, car-to-connected products and sophisticated components was 6.27 per cent, and the ratio of system-level assembly operations to the relatively low rate increased; 2) the firm acquired sophisticated and sophisticated products in 2021.
Figure 10: Corporate sales, management, R & D, financial cost rates
Our projections for profitability are based on the following assumptions: steady growth in volume and an increase in the company’s share of supply in the whole assembly of the Applewatch; (2) an increase in the company’s share of supply in the Applephone whole assembly; and (3) the gradual maturity of the applemr product to become a mobile terminal for the next generation.
Communications interconnection products and sophisticated components: The growth in the ability of companies to communicate interconnection products and sophisticated components in 2021-2023 imposes higher requirements for data transmission, and companies gradually enrich their product lines and become suppliers of multi-goods solutions for data and communications. We expect company communications interconnections to be available in 24-26 years.
Automobile interconnection products and sophisticated components: The rapid diffusion of company car interconnection products and sophisticated components in 2021-2023 has created a continuous and large-scale incremental demand for sophisticated electronic devices and components upstream, and the company's positioning of a new Tier1 is expected to seize the opportunity of changing supply chain patterns in the process of auto electricization and intelligentization.
Computer interconnectivity products and sophisticated components: Smt, metal structures are gradually imported into Appleipad, Macbook, etc., 2021-2023. We expect to join us in 24-26, when we choose Gole shares in Apple Industries, Steam Technology, Crystal Light Power, Ring Electronics, Brains,
Newswire communications are comparable companies. Among them: Gore shares: vertical integration product solutions for companies that provide their clients with sophisticated zero components and smart hardware, and related design research and development and manufacturing services, the main business of which includes precision zero components, smart sound.
Science and technology: research and development and manufacturing of semiconductor and new electronic components for the company ' s semiconductor business section; research of smart terminal products for the product integration business section
Development and manufacturing operations: research and development of optical modules in the main business sector of the optical business section. Crystal photovoltaics: the company's main products include precision thin film optical components, thin film optical panels, semiconductor components, auto head displays, new display components, reflective materials, etc., and are widely applied
Smart phones, tablet computers, laptops, wearable equipment, etc. Downstream terminal products. Wireless electronics: companies are industry leaders in the area of sip, while at the same time providing design, manufacturing, micro-dimension, industry hardware and software solutions, and material procurement, logistics and technology to well-known brand manufacturers at home and abroad
Full ranged d(ms)2 services, such as maintenance services. Ingenuity: the company's main business covers materials, sophisticated functional and structural components, modular and precision assembly; industry-wide chain of operations; wide application of products to consumer electronics, new energy vehicles, clean energy, medical care, etc.
5g in the field of communications and material networking. Trustive communications: company-owned operations include antennas and modules, wireless chargers and modules, emi\emc devices, high-precision connectors, passive components, etc., which can be widely applied to consumer electronics, smart cars, associations of goods, etc.
We see that the company’s consumer electronic plate continues to deepen its collaboration with core client apples, and that the products in question increase their share and volume of goods in iphone, applewatch, etc.; and that the company captures the steam.
Calculated on the basis of more hypothetical assumptions, many subjective judgements have been added: 1. The risk of valuation bias over the next three years is likely to result from optimistic estimates of the growth of the company ' s income and profits over the next three years, resulting in higher ps values;
2. We have selected companies that are the same or similar to the company ' s business and have obtained a reasonable range of company valuations in the form of a pe valuation, with the risk of downward valuation if the overall market risk preferences change and the valuation hub adjust downwards.
In the profit scenario, consumer electronic plates are expected to: 1) supply the company’s share in the entire assembly of the applewatch: 2) supply shares in the Appleiphone assembly; 3) in the future, we will gradually import the apple mr-related operations. We will look at the company’s new Tier1 forward layout and grab the car.
The opportunity of changing supply chain patterns in the process of electricization and intelligence will benefit fully from the rise in the penetration rate of new energy vehicles and the downfall of intelligence. We expect that corporate net return profits will grow on a year-on-year basis in 2024-2026, with strong, leading market competitiveness and stable partnerships with companies for many years, but if they are important.
Clients have serious business problems, and companies will also face certain business risks.2 Management risks of subsidiaries. 88 subsidiaries were incorporated into the merger by the end of 2021, and as the scale of operations expanded, the number of employees increased, while the number of affiliates grew and organizational structures and institutions expanded.
The growing complexity of the management system poses a major challenge to the day-to-day management of companies, related investment decisions and internal risk control, and if companies fail to upgrade their management and investment decisions in a timely manner, they can acquire multiple subsidiaries by acquiring and acquiring equity, including electronics, limited intelligence in Hong Kong, and Taiwan.
Many of the subsidiaries, such as the public service, are foreign-registered companies. Companies will use offshore affiliates to actively promote offshore markets and promote international market ownership of their products, but overseas investments will be influenced by the political and economic environment in which they are located and may create some uncertainty about the company’s future profitability.
The introduction of a managed floating exchange rate system, where exchange rates fluctuate with the United States dollar interest-added cycle and changes in the economic environment, may have some impact on the performance of companies when exchange rates fluctuate significantly.5 Business expansion risks. Companies continuously expand their operations in the area of consumer electronics and operate in computers, cars, and communications.
They provide solutions for high-speed interconnections, acoustics, radio-frequency antennas, wireless charging, seismic motors, telecommunications bases, and smart-dressed, home-based products.
Companies’ products are widely used in consumer electronics, communication and data centres, auto electronics, and medical treatment, and are more subject to macroeconomic impacts. If macroeconomic downside pressures are high, there will be a risk of friction between one, two, and US and Chinese trades.
List of tariffs. Sales outside the company’s products are dominated by long and stable cooperation with customers in various countries, including Europe and America and Asia, and uncertainty in national trade policies can have a negative impact on corporate export sales. Companies are less directly affected by tariffs, and companies have established production bases abroad, price-fixing consultations with customers, etc.
The formula minimizes the adverse effects of trade frictions; however, if the trade friction increases, the company's operations will inevitably continue to suffer further spillovers.3 Market competition risks. Companies' high-speed interconnections, acoustics, radio frequency antennas, wireless charging, seismic motors, traffic.
The market space for the products in question is huge, but it also faces intense industry competition. On the one hand, industry’s in-house and international leading companies have some pre-eminence in terms of technology, channels, visibility, etc., and, on the other hand, as the industry continues to grow, some of the domestic firms have grown rapidly in recent years, further exacerbating the industry’s growth.
If there is a strategic failure on the part of a company in the development of new products, technological R & D, or in the construction of marketing channels, the market share may fall in competition in the market, leading to a decline in the company’s performance. Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author