Transition upgrades lead to profit-taking, short-term cost inputs are high Performance rating in mid-2024
Events: On August 15, 2024, Changchun-Yung-Jun published his semi-annual report for 2024, which resulted in an estimated 33.94% loss in operating income. The first half of the year saw a decline in net profit from the mother, as a result of the increased cost of settlement by real estate companies and the restructuring of the management structure of the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry.
The Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry has enjoyed a steady recovery. The 2024h1 subsidiary, the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry, has achieved revenue of $5.152 billion, an increase of 0.25 per cent, mainly due to the spread of long-acting products, a steady return, a net profit of $1,769 million, a decrease of 19.49 per cent from the same year, and management costs, mainly due to the restructuring of the Golden Race Newbu management structure.
□: Chengpei_yj@chinastock.com.cn rises and increases in research and development inputs. In the long run, the pollen, water needles, and long-lived product pegs are now self-produced, while the offshore business is doing well, and we expect growth hormone revenues and net profits.
Solitaire's pharmaceutical industry is in a critical transition period, with several products that are expected to be marketed next year.
The Golden Race medicine industry has extended to the field of maternal and child health by reorganizing human-promoting ovarian hormone injection fluids, yellow ketone injection fluids (ii) etc. to obtain a Certificate of Registration for Medicines for acute agonist arthritis, for use in childhood centres for early sexual injection of acetic trarin microballs, and for assisted reproductive reorganizers for ovarian bulb hormones -
ctp integrates protein injection fluids, nasal flu-mitigated live vaccines (liquid formulations), market applications for products such as bronze, and multi-innovation products are about to be marketed, or a second-growth curve for the company. The drop in harvests is mainly due to industry environmental factors that influence the amount of shoals.
Revenue of 391 million yuan, an increase of 10.37 per cent over the same period; net return to mothers of 24 million yuan, an increase of 533.17 per cent over the same year, continuous de-stocking of residential products, and property-related inventories of about 400 million dollars less than at the beginning of the period
The company is now in a critical phase of transformation, and several products are expected to be marketed next year.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.