\Trangleright \Trangleright
The net return to the mother is $21 billion, an increase of 4.8 per cent over the previous quarter. 4q23 achieved 147.5 billion yuan, a decline of 2.2 per cent over the same year. The net return to the mother was $7.6 billion, a decline of 8.7 per cent over the same period.
\triangleright reboots, large language models (llm) and generation ai (generativeai) are of interest.
In this context, the market size of the one server remains high. According to mic and Trendforce, the global number of deliveries of the one server exceeded 1.25 million in 2023, an increase of more than 47% in the same year.
In 2023, the company deepened its collaboration with major global server branders, domestic and foreign cloud service providers. Based on its long-standing close cooperation with customers, its ability to develop products together, and its high level of automation, the company worked with clients to develop and produce high-performance ai servers and provided them with advanced radiative solutions for data centres
In 2023, as upstream arithmetic was built, \triangleright became more efficient and sustainable.
The rapid rise and the rapid increase in demand from downstream ai, the company’s cloud computing business generated $194,308 million.
Up to 2023/08/09 Review: 23q1 with a steady increase in quality and a first-ever breakthrough of 5 per cent in the level of future ai servers, mainly as a result of a significant increase in the market share of ai servers, which effectively drives companies
3. The Industrial Wealth Federation (601138.sh) reported a year-on-year rating of 2022: high performance and red scale innovation, accelerated up-to-up cloud computing, increased demand for high bandwidth in generation ai, leading to the upgrading of the idc high-speed switch.
\triangleright - 2023/03/15 long, increased demands on network equipment for the conduct and deployment of high bandwidth operations and exchange router-related requirements
The Division of Industrial Wealth (601138.sh) reported three quarters of 2022, thanks to its advantages in intelligent manufacturing, responsiveness, etc., has been increasing its market share, pushing up the business portfolio.
Of these, 800g high-speed switches are now running, npi, and are expected to start up in 2024 and contribute to business income, and the structure of the company’s products is expected to be further optimized. Investment proposals: more demand for arithmetic and network upgrades is expected to benefit from the growth of demand for arithmetic in the context of the digital economy.
Large, the optimal product structure of the company is expected to lead to an overall improvement in the quality of the main business and a further improvement in the level of profitability \triangleright \triangleright methodological and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively and be responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.