The ICL program has demonstrated its advantages, the ICDC's combined service capabilities, and global leadership: the UIC subsidiary, Hungrysys, has recently attended 2024gtc in Invelda.
One General Assembly, to showcase a number of technologies and solutions, such as a new generation of ai servers and liquid cooler cabinets, developed in partnership with British Weida, to provide a strong numeric support for a global high-performance artificial intelligence data centre while providing cost-effective and sustainable development applications.
The gb200nvl72 liquid cooling program is on display and the data centre integrated service capability is in the lead.gb200nvl72, recently launched by British Weida, has a core structure of nvidiagb200grace blackwell superchip, which can be gb200nvl72 compared to the previous generation of h100gpu
To increase the efficiency of training fourfold, data processing sixfold, and real-time reasoning 30 times.gb200nvl72, with 72 high-performance blackwellgpu and 36 gracecpu, is a highly energy-efficient advanced design.
A single large-scale gpu coupling through the fifth-generation Nvlink interconnection technology significantly increases the speed of reasoning for large-scale language models. To pre-position the next generation of artificial intelligence infrastructure, advanced liquid cold resolution solutions also include liquid-to-gas sidecar solutions and liquid-to-liquid cdu solutions.
With a strong heat evaporation capability of up to 1,300kw, which is suitable for different data centre environments, industry has benefited from the depths of its development and has wide scope for growth. We believe that, with the tides of the cloud, the cloud service providers are constantly adding a related input to the data centre infrastructure, pushing for the upgrading of the data centre infrastructure.
In 2023, the income from the industrial-rich cloud-plating board reached $194.3 billion, representing over 40 per cent of total revenue. Of this, the share of cloud service providers in the cloud-based income rose to almost 50 per cent, and the share of the i server business in the cloud-based income increased to 30 per cent.
Looking to the future, the demand for the ai terminals is booming, and the Industrial Wealth Federation, as the core firm of the Arithmetic chain, is expected to continue to benefit, recommending sustained attention. The core shares of the chain of power industries, we look forward to the company’s development prospects in this area, and we maintain our interest in the company.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
In November 2022, he joined the Sindam Securities Electronics Group, which studied optical, consumer electronics, automobile electronics, etc. Semiconductor materials, integrated circuit designs.
It is directed towards precision electronic instruments, semiconductor equipment and parts, semiconductor processes, etc., to store chips, simulate chips, etc., processors, pcb, consumer electronics, etc.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.