The trend is clear, the cloud computing plate has sufficient potential, the cloud computing plate is powerful and profitable, and the cloud computing plate is sufficiently dynamic to grow.
Practice number: s15005229001 is nearly 50%. The i server ' s share of cloud computing income has risen to about 30%, showing a strong growth momentum. The company provides the global top cloud service provider with the generation of the i whole industry chain solution.
The case, which focuses on operations such as gpu modules, base panels and back-endai servers upstream of the i industry value chain, design and system integration, while continuously expanding to areas such as advanced heat evaporation, has occupied a key position since 2017, when it continued to contract and grow with its clients.
In 2023, the company recorded double-digit growth in revenues from high-speed switches and routers over the same period in 2022, with the company ' s high-speed switch and routers accounting for more than 75% of the main customers ' market.
High-speed switches such as 200g and 400g are delivered, of which 200g and 400g are delivered with a significant increase in cargo and 800g are in the Npi phase, and the company is expected to contribute business income in 2024.
There is a double-digit growth in business over the same period in 2022, and there is still much potential for the future. Looking at the company’s development prospects in this area, they maintain a “buy-in” rating of the company.
In November of 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Electronics Group, which studied optical, consumer electronics, car electronics, etc.
Semiconductor material, integrated circuit design, monthly entry into Shanghai Microelectronic Equipment (GSM) Inc., an engineer for the optical carving system, joined the Sindam Securities Electronics Group in December 2022, and was directed towards precision electronic instruments, semiconductor equipment and parts and components, semiconductor processes, etc.
To store chips, simulated chips, etc., processors, pcb, consumer electronics, etc. Part is not, is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.