Industrial Wealth Federation (601138), company review report, significant increase in profitability, and a great deal of potential for the i era — Industrial Wealth Federation (601138.sz) annual report, 2023
On the evening of 14 March, the Confederation of Industrial Wealth issued its 2023rd annual report. During the reporting period, the company achieved revenues of $476,340 million, a decrease of 6.94 per cent in the same year; the mother ' s net profit was $21,40 billion, a short-term pressure on the income side, and the share of the i server market was significantly increased.
As a result of the restructuring of the operations, the income side of the operations has been pressured: 1) cloud computing has generated revenues of $194,308 million, of which the share of cloud service providers has risen rapidly to nearly 50 per cent and the share of the city of the i server has increased significantly; 2) communications and mobile network equipment operations have generated operating revenues of $27,896,776 million.
High-speed switchboard and router operating revenues grew in double digits over the same period last year, with sophisticated terminals growing in reverse terms; 3) Industrial Internet operations reached $1,646 million, and the company achieved a total of three new world-class lighthouse plants during the year, which have helped build nine more.
The Māori rate for all operations at the profit end has increased by the same year: 1) Māori rate has benefited from higher income and market share of al-related products, cloud computing, communications and mobile network equipment and industry.
Report: The digitalization of the leadership, which actively created the “second growth pole” percentage point increase, with the first-ever five-per-cent mark-up in cloud computing since its listing in 2018. As a digital economy leader, it will benefit fully from the explosion of hardware demand in the subtidal wave of intelligence.
As chhatgpt continues to be hot, the use of the ai emerges as the rain rains. Cloud service providers are also increasing their input to the ai, and the arithmetic hardware infrastructure is being upgraded, driven by the ai innovation, with the Federation of Industrial Wealth servers well in the lead and industry at key points in the industry chain.
The Yang 800g high-speed switch is already under way, and the company is expected to start up in 2024 and contribute to the revenue. At the same time, through advantages such as long-term accumulation and response speed in the field of smart manufacturing, the company is expected to be able to do so in 2024.
A large number of high-quality head clients have been deposited, providing more possibilities for future development. As the need for the deployment of computing hardware continues, and the volume of company-ai-related products rises, we believe that the public division will benefit fully from the expansion of hardware facilities in the midst of a wave of intelligence.
Risks of macroeconomic fluctuations, industry fluctuations, risk of exchange rate fluctuations, risk of relative concentration of clients
Income level: 1) Cloud computing achieved business income of $19,308 million, a decrease of 8.54%. According to mic and Trendforce, the global volume of goods delivered by the i server in 2023 was over 1.25 million, a growth of over 47% in the same year.
Through forward-looking R & D layouts, the company has created a series of whole series of liquid-cold solutions covering the needs from the edge to the data centre as a whole.
Cold system radiative performance. 2) Communications and mobile network equipment generated operating income of $27,896,76 million, a decrease of 5.81%. High-speed switching and router operations, with double-digit growth achieved in 2023.
According to idc data, the exchange market was $44.6 billion in 2023, a 21 per cent increase compared to the previous year. The company ' s 800g high-speed switch has run npi, and is expected to start up in 2024 and contribute to operating income and product structure.
In the face of a relatively low consumer e-market, corporate income from sophisticated structured piece business has grown in reverse. According to digitimesresearch, the 5g switch and the demand for smart cell phones in emerging markets are expected to warm back to the global smartphone market in 2024, rising to 1.140 billion, which is expected to be the same.
3) Industrial Internet operations reached 1.646 billion yuan, a decrease of 13.61%. As a global leader in intelligence manufacturing and overall industrial Internet solutions service, company-ai server plants were rated as the world’s first one-server lighthouse plants, promoting automation, digitization, and intellectual upgrading. In addition, companies are gradually helping outside firms.
At the same time, the company is also engaged in the generation-ai application development, and the company’s global digital management system can be flexible.
Production and supply chain resource management, meeting global customer delivery needs efficiently and quickly, importing large amounts of ai in the production process visual testing, supply chain layout management, agv/amr dispatch management, etc.
At the Māori rate level, each benefited from a significant increase in the market share of ai services, an increase in the income of high-speed switch products, an improvement in product structure, and an improvement in cloud computing, communications and mobile network equipment and industrial Internet Māori rates, respectively, which have been high since they were marketed in 2018.
In volume, the product structure is expected to improve further and profitability is expected to increase continuously.
Figure 6: IUF Cost Ratios, Figure 7: IUF Combined Māori and Net Interest Rates 2 Forward-looking Ideas, a promising era
As the leading global supplier of smart manufacturing and industrial Internet solutions, the IUF attaches great importance to product development and resource inputs. By the end of 2023, companies had 6,608 valid patent applications and authorizations, an increase of 8.70 per cent compared to the previous year, and patent distributions spread across 16 countries and regions around the world. Of these, 1,094 new patent applications were filed in 2023.
In technology, such as computing, industrial Internet, robotics, and so on, there has been a rapid increase in the number of authorized patents, accounting for 41% of the new authorized patents in 2023. Companies have been strengthening new business-oriented technologies, such as big data, robots, combined with a strong digital base, to promote firm leadership in core business such as clouds, networks, end-of-pipes, and industrial Internet.
Based on the wealth of knowhow sedimentation and high-quality, personalized services, the Industrial Wealth Federation accumulates a large number of high-quality clients from all sectors. Based on deep experience in digital intelligence manufacturing, companies have developed a global digital management system that allows for flexible allocation of production and supply chain resources.
In the future, we view the company as the central beneficiary of the wave and will benefit fully from the base of the arithmetic hardware; the risks associated with macroeconomic fluctuations; the risks associated with industrial fluctuations; the risk of exchange rate fluctuations; and the wind of relative concentration of customers.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.