1. “Industrial wealth union company rating: arithmetic and network equipment rotation, one season profit”
Over the reporting period, corporate revenue was higher than below average innovation, 2023.10.30 per cent skiding by 6.9 per cent, and three major major business communications network equipment, cloud computing and industrial Internet, respectively.
2. UIC Review: Ai Optimization of Product Structures, Visible Improvements in Profiting, 23 years of cost-end improvements, main profit indicators maintained a year-on-year growth, Mäori 3. UIC Review: Mäori Improvement Year-on-Year, Power Ai Server.
Marginal improvements, 43.08 billion yuan net cash flow from operating activities in the first three quarters, an increase of $27.72 billion over the same period last year.ai and network equipment upgrades to optimize product structures, and i servers and high-speed switches are maintained
Rapid growth. Increases in aigc, for example, boost computing and network expansion needs, communications equipment, benefits from network upgrades by operators and csp data centres, and high-speed exchange earnings are double-digit higher.
Production delivery, with a global market share of more than 75% for major clients, 800g switchboards are in the new product import phase, expected to be released in 2024. For cloud computing equipment, csp products are up to almost 50%, i servers are up to about 30% of cloud computing revenue, while developing fabrics.
The whole series of liquid cold solutions from spare parts, servers, to the system.
Keep an eye on the one and the digital economy, which continue to give companies the power to grow. Around the digital economy main line, companies strengthen the core competitiveness of high-end smart manufacturing + industrial Internet, while expanding the business map of broad data + robots. Companies work closely with industry head-to-head customers.
They see that the arithmetic demand and network upgrading drive the company ' s products to optimize, recovery of revenues to grow and profits to improve.