Mindray (300760 CH)
Robust performance in a challenging industry
BUY (Maintain)
environment
Target Price
RMB352.84
Mindray achieved a revenue of RMB20.5bn in 1H24, marking an 11.1% increase
(Previous TP
RMB383.49)
YoY, and reported an attributable net profit of RMB7.6bn, up 17.4% YoY. Despite the
Up/Downside
40.7%
ongoing regulatory adjustments in the healthcare industry and the delay in medical
Current Price
RMB250.80
equipment renewals projects, which have led to a cautious approach towards bidding
China Healthcare
and procurement activities in public hospitals, the revenue from domestic equipment
business decreased by 12% YoY. However, thanks to the rapid growth of the IVD
Jill WU, CFA
business and the domestic high-end/ultra-high-end ultrasound business, Mindray still
demonstrated strong resilience and steady growth. The increase in the revenue share
from IVD reagents and high-end ultrasounds drove the Company's gross margin up
Cathy WANG
by 0.7 ppt YoY to 66.3% in 1H24. Additionally, Mindray announced a mid-term
dividend plan, distributing a total cash dividend of approximately RMB4.9bn, which
represents a payout ratio of more than 65%, indicating an ongoing increase in the
dividend payout.
Stock Data
Domestic equipment business faces pressure. In 1H24, the continued delay
in bidding and procurement activities led to a 12% YoY decrease in revenue from
domestic equipment business. Due to the high market share of Mindray's Patient
Monitoring and Life Support (PMLS) products in China, the domestic business
was significantly affected by the industry environment, with the PMLS segment
Shareholding Structure
experiencing a 7.6% YoY decrease in revenue, including about a 20% drop in
domestic revenue. The Medical Imaging segment benefited from the volume
increase of the first domestic ultra-high-end ultrasound Resona A20 and other
high-end ultrasounds, resulting in a 15.5% YoY revenue growth in this segment,
Share Performance
with high-end and ultra-high-end ultrasound revenues increasing by over 40%.
Accelerating the shift towards consumables-related business. In 1H24, the
IVD reagent business was minimally affected by domestic industry regulation,
with revenue increasing by 28% YoY to RMB7.7bn, accounting for over 37% of
Source: FactSet
total revenue. Domestic IVD revenue grew by over 25%, and domestic reagent
12-mth Price Performance
revenue increased by 30%, with reagent revenue representing over 80% of
(RM
TLA, driving a more than 30% YoY increase in overseas IVD revenue. We believe
that the continuous increase in domestic diagnostic demand and the
implementation of IVD VBP are expected to help Mindray rapidly expand its
domestic market share, while accelerated cooperation with high-end clients will
Source: FactSet
support long-term rapid growth of the IVD overseas market. Additionally, the
minimally invasive surgery business grew by 90% YoY in 1H24. The Company's
acquisition of APT Medical also filled the gap in its cardiovascular consumables
business. Currently, consumables-related businesses led by IVD already account
for over 50% of the Company's domestic revenue.
Maintain BUY. We believe that industry regulation has not affected the essential
demand for hospital procurement. As industry regulation becomes normalized
and equipment renewal policies are implemented, hospital procurement is
expected to gradually recover. Based on a 9-year DCF model, we adjust the
target price to RMB 352.84 (WACC: 10.3%, perpetual growth rate: 3.0%).
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Source: CMBIGM estimates
Source: CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates. Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer
that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities or issuer; and (2)
no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will
deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong
Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIGM will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc..) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institution al Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.