q4 has improved significantly - year 2024. Northern rare earth (stock code: 600111.sh)
The price of the rare earth drags down the prices of the products and the unit of Māori: data from China's rare earth industry association and from the Kiwakawa moor show that in 2024, the average price of oxen, zirconium oxide, zirconium oxide, hair-burned iron thorium n was equal to 35 years. During the reporting period, the company's rare earth oxides, rare earth salts, rare earth metals, magnetic materials, polishing materials, etc.
By optimising energy consumption targets to achieve precipitation, ton rare earth processing costs are reduced by 5.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and production and sales of major products are at an all-time high: company rare earth oxides, rare earth salts, 2024.
In the area of rare earth metals, magnetic materials, polished materials, hydrogen reserves sold at the same rate as + 6.1 per cent/+19.3 per cent/+13.8 per cent/volume, smelting smelting plate, total production of smelting silo products in 2024 amounted to 1,778,000 tons, compared to the same period
By the end of 2024, production had been completed in October, and by the end of 2024, 198,000 tons of mixed rare earth concentrates had been processed annually at 58 per cent reo (115018 tons/year) and 1066 million tons of isolated products; in addition, the company proposed to establish a new company to build 5,000 tons of rare oxidation with a joint venture with the Golden Dragon Lands in Fujian Province.
The Soil Separation Production Line project further enhances the control of rare earth resources and the supply of rare earth-based raw materials.
Material projects; implementation of the Northern Magnetic Expansion Project; production of rare earth permagnetometer batch Quantified Production in the North; production of 29 megawatts of permagnetized electrons; design and manufacturing capacity of 2-20 kg of modular solid-state hydrogen storage units; completion of construction of the first phase of the Qingcheng extension project.
The strategic value of the rare earth as a resource of our global superiority, our control and price in the global chain of rare earth industries, and our strategic value as a weapon to counter US tariff escalation, highlights the promise to lead to an increase in the valuation of scarce earth assets. The rare earth export controls are tightened along the domestic supply side, as well as Myanmar’s scarce soil supply.
The resulting disturbance will drive the rise in the base of rare earth prices. The company, as a global rare earth tap, is expected to meet the risk of a sharp fall in rare earth prices; 4) the company’s new production capacity will unleash the risk of falling short of expectations. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.