Potassium fat has a solid performance and low-cost lithium salt production continues to expand. \triangleright \triangleright
\triangleright 2) Prices: 25 years of a unilateral downswing in the price of lithium products, with an average price of 7.5 / 65,000 lithium carbonate for the q1/q2 battery class
\triangleright 2) Prices: Russia, Belarus, production reduction plans are expected to result in supply reductions of at least 1.6 million tons, adding seasonal increases in demand in major agricultural areas such as East Asia and Latin America, and global supply relations are strained, with potassium in 2025
Assessment: Potassium fertilizer price raised its solid performance and continued to be integrated into the Three-Step Strategy - 2025/04/24 Annual contract price of $346/tcfr, an increase of 27 per cent from the previous year, corresponding to about $3,000/t.
Tax prices, growth in productivity. 3) Liv: 25h1 potassium product yields $5.37 billion, Māori rate 60.0 per cent, price falls that drag on performance and actively integrates into the +6.4 pt ratio, yielding M$03,000 per ton and M$02,000 per ton.
Core point: Low-cost productive capacity continues to expand and the construction of the world salt lake base accelerates. 1) Integration into the national zone \triangleright 3. Salt lake shares (000792.sz) 3-quarterly reporting points in 2024
New opportunities for economic development in the region: Salt Lake shares focus on strategic national opportunities such as a “one-way” approach, building on the cutting edge of the Qinghai Sea to the west, promoting production and product “go-out”, enhancing the control of potassium salt resources and international regulation 4. Salt Lake shares (000792.sz) 2023:
Price speech. 2) The capacity of low-cost lithium carbonate continues to expand: 40,000 tonnes/year of progress in the integration of basic lithium salt, falling prices + rising costs drag on performance, expanding the status of production poles - 2024/04/07
At the same time, in the “resource-technology-cycle” model, the unit cost of production of companies is lower than the industry's average water.
Remark: The decline in the price of potassium lithium has led to a loss of performance, the q2 lithium salt is produced by large companies, the pricing mechanisms are improved, and the prices are double-paced. Investment proposal: The supply side of lithium industry continues to be disturbed, the cost advantages of lithium from salt lakes are highlighted, and the company has low-cost lithium.
\triangleright Salt production can expand faster, and once potassium fertilizer prices have risen and the base plate is solid, we expect it to grow faster \triangleright \triangleright \
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.