Discovering the business lines of Small Commodity City, a unique model of defense and preparedness, company research, company review, retail trade, general retailing.
Investment rating: superior to the market (maintenance) Zhang Chang Hao Company based in the Uu market is mainly engaged in market operations and operates a series of apparel uniforms such as rental shops for a large number of foreign traders under the umbrella of the International Chamber of Commerce and Trade
At the same time, in recent years, companies have created online trade services platforms, such performance services as Chinagoods, cross-border payment settlements, and logistics warehousing. Since last year, we have followed closely the business layouts under the corporate umbrella, and now the public sector has been working together to help companies shift from traditional rental shops to international integrated digital foreign trade service providers.
It will be read in more detail in this paper as well. First, the company-based foreign trade market in the U-U continues to be characterized by a high level of volatility in the global trading environment since 2024, with imports and exports totalling RMB 37.910 billion in January-July, an increase of 18.1%; exports of RMB 335.97 billion, an increase of 18.5%; and in this basic context.
In addition, the construction masters run a monthly pilot operation, leading the whole industry into a new expansion cycle. 2) On-line trade platforms, Chinagoods brings together foreign trade services, online business town functions.
In one place, performance gains are provided through membership fees, service fees, etc. (3) Cross-border payments respond to the trend towards the internationalization of the renminbi and address the core pain points and bottlenecks of foreign traders in the area of cross-border remittances, in order to achieve an increase in business volume with efficient financial flow efficiency. (4) Trade compliance services, including cross-border logistics, offshore warehouses, etc., are implemented by the subsidiary Ji Jiao Yuan Harbour to further build trade-restrictive ecology.
Overall, the company's unique business model is based on a fundamental growth logic, with its current market environment characterized by aggressiveness and readiness, and the corporate investment logic: the firm's reliance on a persistently high foreign trade market, with strong policy and industrial support, foreign trade exports, market operations, current stability and growth: a reasonable rent increase under the company's service capacity and a global digital trading centre in October 2025.
The second is that companies have opened up new growth points in recent years through a number of intellectual innovations: trade services platforms on the Chinagoods line, cross-border payments yiwupay, etc., have expanded to build an eco-closing system of global trade. Under overall trade digitization, the integration of flow-and-flow data has also helped companies to better capture the image of foreign traders and to provide more value-added service operations and data in the future.
In our view, the company’s unique business model has the characteristics of being both aggressive and ready in the current market environment. Figure 1: The business’s fundamental growth logic, the continuing foreign trade climate, is an important prerequisite for the company’s market operations.
When it comes to the trade market in the U.S., “Chicken Feathers for Sugar” is a well-known history, dating back to the Qing Dynasty of the 17th century, and the spring of each year, when families kill their sheep, the U.K. is offering to exchange sugar for animal fur, to improve the infertile fertilizer of the land, or to make other goods for sale for income. It is also a historical microcosm of the strong business climate and the dynamic trading of small commodities.
Export growth, supported by a range of policies, has led to the growing activity of the Uu market, in particular the foreign trade economy, which is now a name for China's foreign trade exports. For example, in October 1984, the State Committee and the county governments established a strategy of “business building”; in March 2011, the State Council approved the Comprehensive International Trade Reform Pilot General Programme for Zhejiang Province, which was the first comprehensive district-level reform pilot approved by the State Council; and in March 2013,
The city of Yeu has begun to test the modalities of market procurement and has developed a series of trade facilitation policies for multiple, multi-species, and small-volume unvoked goods. In January, the General Customs Administration announced that the modalities of market procurement trade were formally established, adding a “1039” regulatory code. Many times, exports amounted to $50.57 billion, a 16 per cent increase.
At a high profile, exports and imports in January-July totalled 37.910 billion yuan, an increase of 18.1 per cent over the same period; exports of 3,35.97 billion yuan, an increase of 18.5 per cent, and export value of 15.0 per cent of the share of Zhejiang province. In the future, we expect foreign trade in the U.K. to remain relatively high in the context of regional structural and industrial excellence.
The regional structure of exports is diversified, and changes in the foreign trade environment of a single economy have less impact on the overall climate. According to the U.S. Customs data, Africa accounted for $10,489 billion or 18.53 per cent of total imports and exports in 2023, the United States accounted for $63,788 million or 11.27 per cent, the European Union accounted for $59.06 billion or 10.43 per cent, and ASEAN for $50,744 million or 8.96 per cent.
In recent years, under a “one-way” policy, the U-turn has maintained a good growth in exports from countries along the "one-way" route, with a total value of 22,393 million yuan in exports and imports in 2023, representing 39.56% of the total value of U-turn imports and exports.
Figure 5: Eu City's value and share of exports from countries along the “one-way” route (%), optimized structure of export commodities, providing medium- and long-term growth dynamics
In addition, in recent years, Yeu has been actively promoting the transformation of products, focusing on new and emerging industries, such as smart lighting and display, photovoltaics, new energy vehicles and components, biohealth, and fashion.
In 2022, the PV industry achieved a production value of 87.23 billion yuan, an increase of 82.8% in the same year, which is 46.3 percentage points higher than the market-wide industry (36.5%) and the industry’s emerging industries have increased their value at a much higher rate than their total size.
In June 2015, a green-powered town was launched to create a new green-energy-car-driven industry, with the Gilly Group investing $30 billion in partnership with the U.S. Government. The green-powered town is expected to produce 1.4 billion yuan in the first quarter of 2023, an increase of more than 200%.
In the future, the U-turn will work on the digitalization and intelligent transformation of traditional manufacturing industries; the development of a new digital-based industrial chain system; and the promotion of human, industrial and industrial intelligence-plus applications that will contribute to the improvement of traditional commercial and commercial efficiency. Market owners’ rents have reasonable scope to increase, and the global digital trading centres are expected to contribute to this increase.
Market owners are companies owned and in charge of offline market operations, including the International Chamber of Commerce and Trade (I-V, E-I and E-II) markets, where the size and rents are as follows: As can be seen from the table above, the overall rent rate in the offline market is higher, reflecting the high performance of the market, and there will be reasonable rent increases in the future.
These include: 1. The high export climate in the U.S. brings with it a continuing demand for shop rents and the current overall low rent: as noted above, the total value of U.U. exports in 2023 reached $50.57 billion, an increase of 16 per cent over the same period, and is expected to continue to grow in the future with the expansion of emerging markets and the optimization of product structures, supporting shop rents.
In addition, corporate markets operate in a manner consistent with the low-cost advantages of the u-goods, and the overall average rent is currently lower, with room for improvement in the plan price against market price. According to the projections in table 1, the average annual rent at the planned price is $1714/m2, while the average annual rent at the market price mode is $2957/m2, which is 1.73 times the planned price.
The average overall rent in the company ' s markets was approximately 1900 yuan/m2, while the company had announced a market turnover of 2020.9 billion yuan below the 2022 line, averaging 2.69 million yuan/stores and an average area of 30 m on the basis of 75,000 stores in the year, implying an average of 898,000 yuan/years per square meter per shop, with rents accounting for only 2 per cent of the turnover.
2. Increased capacity of firms to operate business services in the market, and increased ownership of rent increases and rents. Underline markets use tools such as ai, digitization, the creation of digital software and hardware services such as digital market mini-programs, passenger flow analysis systems, and online trade platforms ginagoods to further broaden customer coverage, increase market activity, and provide a boost to business gains. Companies also combine to further marketization of rents.
The index establishes a system of industry evaluation. By introducing indicators such as the country’s gdp growth rate, the volatility of market-based rent prices, the market scenario index, the market commodity price index, the industry climate index and the block prosperity index, the system has constructed a model of price differentiation for commercial rents, which is expected to grow by no less than 5 per cent over the next three years.
3. Since 2024, the Global Digital Trade Centre has completed more than 4000 market panels, which are expected to be piloted in October 2025, leading to a new expansion cycle for market operators. The Global Digital Trade Centre is located in the central trade area of the city of Yeu, on West to Spring Wind Boulevard (near the fifth district of the International Chamber of Commerce and Trade), North to Integrity Boulevard, East to Hinglong Street, South to Silver Sea Road, with a total construction area of 1.25 million m2, of which the market does not.
Trade information pools of 410,000 m2, 38,000 m2 on the commercial street, 310,000 m2 in the commercial writing complex, 84,000 m2 and 0.70 million m2 in the apartment, and large industry model sites.
Billions of yuan, or 40.6% more than the previous year, represented a net profit of $727.37 million in the first half of 2024, or 56.89% more. Although the share of Chinagoods is still low in terms of performance contributions, it is vital for companies to transition to an integrated global trading service provider, in particular:
One, Chinagoods provides two main functions, namely, online shopping malls and services, which include a variety of major players such as market traders, foreign traders, foreign trade companies, and groupers in digital trading services. The online mall is mainly connected to market procurement, and helpers break physical boundaries and expand client coverage, with registered buyers accumulated over 4.45 million people as of the first half of 2024. Services function includes: 1) third party service functions.
Introduction of third-party service functions, including marketing services, warehousing logistics, operating support, content construction, financial services; 2) ai service functions, in 2023 the company collaborated strategically with such institutions as People ' s Network, Steaming, 100 degrees, and Qinghua University to publish a large data model in the area of commerce and trade. Currently, 5 self-research products have been introduced, covering intelligent translation, video generation, commodity distribution, etc.
Household in-depth experience of the mini-businesses series, enabling market operators to increase the digitization of their operations.2 Global b2b trade online procurement demand is high, with a cross-border export of b2b power provider market of $4.5 trillion in 2022 according to the Ere advisory data.4 Cross-border payments have increased the flow of data and funds, and warehousing logistics services have enhanced the layout of full-link operations
1. In the area of cross-border payments, in order to further open the foreign trade service chain, in 2022 the company acquired 100 per cent of the shares of Zhejiang Hair Network Technology Ltd. and 100 per cent of the shares of its subsidiary, Fast Track Payment Services Ltd., thereby owning the Internet payment license plate and upgrading the brand to yiwu pay.
The operator also achieved a net profit of $2.7381,000 in the first half of 2024, a significant improvement from the loss of $5.72 million in the same period last year. At the industry level, there is still much room for growth in cross-border payments at seatime, according to Frost Sullivan data.
In China, total payments to the cross-border digital payment services market rose from 1.8 trillion yuan in 2018 to 4.6 trillion yuan in 2022, at an average annual compound rate of 26.4 per cent, and are expected to reach 14.1 trillion yuan in 2027 and 25.2 per cent in 2022-2027.
The number of countries and territories covered by the agreement increased to 41, with a swap of more than RMB 4 trillion; by the end of 2023, the year when the cips were cleared for payment in cross-border liquidations, China ' s cross-border RMB 523 trillion was cleared, an increase of 24.1 per cent compared to the previous year, and in December 2023, the share of the RMB in global payments settlement was 4.14 per cent, an increase of 2.23 percentage points from the 2023 RMB, making it the world ' s fourth largest payment settlement currency.
Figure 11: Total payments in China ' s cross-border digital payment services market (billion yuan) Figure 12: Share of renminbi in global payments settlements (%), storage logistics services, joint ventures between companies and China Maritime Logistics, Pros Investments (Shanghai) Ltd., 2022
In 2023, the Department, the Jijie International Supply Chain Technology Company Ltd. of Zhejiang, contributed $270 million, representing 27 per cent of the shares. Jijie Harbour was mainly involved in trade compliance services, providing international logistics, offshore warehouses, etc.
This is a drop in value added. The company's participation in Jie Won Harbour has helped to complement the cross-border performance map and to improve the company's international trade ecosystem.V. Business is working together to build eco-closing links to trade and to explore more value-added services.
The expansion of business such as the Easy Platform, yiwupay, and so on, built an eco-closing system for trade and expanded the volume of business. In addition, companies have moved forward with the development of data elements, such as (1) a trade finance service based on online clearing data, which integrates the flow of data and the flow of information from online transactions to payment formation, access to data channels, and the retention of trade data.
In 2023, the yiwupay and letter-writing companies, in collaboration with the Yau City branch of the People's Bank and the Uyun Business Bank, innovatively created the country's first letter-based trade finance for products, based on cross-border renminbi settlement data, to provide businesses with efficient and low-cost financing.
2) Value-added services such as market trend forecasting, consumer behaviour analysis, digital marketing, fine-tuning operations, customizing smart solutions, etc. are provided to businesses through accumulated trade data. Table 3: Data products and applications with potential under the Small Commodity City flag
Investment proposals: Main industries are expected to enter a period of expansion of performance, multi-practice collaboration in building international integrated digital foreign trade service providers. Companies, supported by a sustained high foreign trade market in the U.S., are expected to enter a new period of expansion of performance, supported by a reasonable increase in rents in the future and investment in global digital trading centres.
Business expansion has led to the construction of an eco-closing system for trade, and the consolidation of data flow plus capital flow data has also helped companies to better capture the image of foreign traders and to provide more value-added services in the future. Overall, we believe that the company’s unique business model has a declining market climate of competing foreign trade exports in the current market environment, the construction of global digital trading centres, and the rental rate of commercial stores is not as high as expected, and payments for trade flows are not as high as expected.
Small Commodity City (600415.sh) - Business growth for the first half of the year, further refining the agreement on integrated global trade services — 2024-08-16 author guarantees that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author