(a) A significant improvement in performance and a steady growth in business excellence: one-quarter review of Chinese automobiles (600741), 2021: one-quarter report of Chinese automobiles, 2021, with total operating income of $34.878 billion, an increase of 45.49 per cent over the same period;
Huang Soo Yo's net profit return was 1,292 million yuan, an increase of 859.26 per cent in the same year; net profit after deduction was 1,181 million yuan, an increase in the same year's base figure, with a significant increase in performance of 2021q1. Corporate performance was affected by the epidemic in the first quarter of last year.
Starting in the second half of 2020, it has benefited from a steady economic recovery and from local government policies to boost the consumption of cars, and the domestic car market has rebounded rapidly. In the first quarter of 2021, companies actively seized the market rhythm, captured high-end branding and market segmented high-quality customer growth opportunities, with significant improvements in performance.
The increase in the price of large quantities of raw materials is subject to cost pressures, and the Māori ring ratio has fallen. The Māori ratio of 2021q1 is 14.90 per cent, resulting from the increase in the price of materials. Short-term vehicle chip supply strains will affect downstream sales. Companies predict that the net profit of 2021h1 will continue to increase significantly over the same period of the previous year, owing to the lower base.
In response to the market situation, smart electric products continue to fall. Companies actively deploy the industrial chain of the core parts of new energy cars.
The millimetre wave radar successfully achieved the mass product for the vehicle, and the long-range road test was completed on the basis of the forward radar and forward video camera (1 r1v) integration programme. By pre-positioning the millimetre wave, the company is expected to take the lead in the wave of intelligent driving.
The Xim21 smart cabin has received a lot of attention from domestic and international customers. Companies, as domestic auto parts and components, follow the trend of intelligent, electric car technology, constantly explore the path of intelligence and empowerment, and are expected to become the core parts of intelligent cars of international influence in the future.
Global layout capabilities are critical to the competitiveness of auto parts and components enterprises. Companies now have a more internationally competitive autonomous R & D capability in car interiors, lighting, light-quantified aluminium, oil tank systems, etc., and are gradually starting to expand global markets.
The rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.