The downside petrochemicals are about to be fully operational, and the company is a large-scale ring-boiled silk production company throughout the country, mainly in the production of pta, polyester fibre-related products.
Marketing, one of the leading companies in the petrochemical-chemical industry, dropped by 8.66 percentage points.
The annual refining of the integration project is the largest in the country. The pressure on px has surged, and the profits from gold petrochemicals in China have been significantly reduced.
After the festivities, the px market was put under greater pressure by a large number of new inflows and re-products, and in 2019 our new product publicly issued green company bonds to qualified investors in the amount of $N/t and $N2880/t, with a 27% drop in the ring ratio for the second quarter. Meanwhile, most crude oil prices in the second quarter.
The cost of production is raised by the higher range of US$ 65/bp. The lower demand for polyester terminals is 19h1 2 and the pta price difference is greater. The weaker demand for textile and clothing terminals is 19h1 and the price of polyester products is lower as a result of the Chinese-American trade war.
The price was $8386/8965/10056 per tonne, down on average from last year, with 13.5 million tons of capacity and 5.95 million tons of equity capacity. The high level of upstream production of px led to a downward shift in profits in the industrial chain, with the company’s strong integration.
The company’s controlling subsidiary, Zhejiang Province, is actively promoting the “40 million tonnes/year refining integration project” with a total investment of about $173 billion.
40 million tonnes/year refined oil. The first set of 20 million tonnes/year engineering devices (general pressure reduction and related utility engineering devices, etc.) are operational. Full process is expected in October, and the package ethylene project will be tested by the end of the year.
The average annual net profit will be $10 billion, which will significantly increase corporate performance.  Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we expect companies to be placed in listed companies from 2019 to 2021, keeping a “recommended” rating for the company’s future development.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, glory and petrochemicals (002493).
East Hing Stock Exchange reports Emeritus (002493): a slight drop in performance is about to be fully operational.
Liu Woo-joo, Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore; B.A., Finance Engineering + Law, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Space, cfa.
Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering, Master of Industrial Catalytic and Reaction Engineering, University of Qinghua, 3 years of experience in chemical engineering, research in chemical industry since 2015, research assistant profile, Ro 4-D
B.A. in Chemical Engineering, University of Qinghua, PhD in Chemical Engineering, University of Ohio, United States, cfa, three years of experience in chemical industry. Many leading international academic journals, with 5 national and foreign patents and more than 10 papers signed by leading international academic journals, have been cited almost 1,000 times cumulatively. B.A. in Chemical Engineering, Beijing Polytechnic University, Master in Chemical Engineering, University of Tulsa, United States, four years of experience in overseas chemical industry, joined Dongxing in May 2018.
Xu Kunlen Benko and M.A. both attended the Department of Chemical Engineering at the University of Qinghua and worked at the China Petroleum Chemical Research Institute, three-year experience in the management of chemical technology development, and click here to enter text.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.