On April 25, the company issued its first quarterly report for 2024, with 2024q1 receiving $17,443 million, an increase of 88.10 per cent over the same period, and a net return to the mother of $1,626 million, an increase of 210.30 per cent over the same period.
During the reporting period, companies strengthened their focus regions, raised their market share in Africa, Africa, South Asia, South-East Asia, the Middle East, and Latin America.
In Bangladesh, Pakistan, etc., the company is ranked first in terms of output. At the same time, the company continues to be user-oriented in terms of value, upgrading its user experience and quality profile, raising its overall Māori ratio through measures such as product structural upgrading and cost optimization, and corresponding increase in Māori, which was consolidated in 2023.
Business efficiency has been increasing and cost efficiency gains have been significant. In 2023, companies built up efficient business groups, made them more efficient, supported their strategic landings, and benefited from growth in size, with the same rate of cost falling. Companies incurred sales costs of $4,893 million, mainly due to increased market openings.
The market rate of 7.85%, a slight increase of 0.08 pcts over the same period, increases in operating income, further declines in corporate cost rates, and significant improvements in business efficiency as a result of the expansion of the marketing and brand promotion. Emerging markets have a strong foundation, and diversified layouts have continued to boost the company’s overall strength.
The total number of mobile phones is about 194 million. According to idc data, in 2023, companies held 14.0% of the global handheld market and ranked third among global mobile branders, with smart machines accounting for 8.1% of the global smart market and fifth place. Based on accumulated titles in emerging markets.
In the first place, the company has been active in implementing a diversified strategic layout, expanding its digital components, household appliances, etc., in emerging markets, and providing mobile Internet products and services. At present, the company has been working with many of the leading Internet companies in the country, such as Internet access, tethers, etc., in a variety of applications.
By the end of 2023, more than 10 million monthly users of applications developed autonomously and in partnership, the company’s exploration of emerging markets and new industries has significantly increased corporate profitability.
The company, as a home-grown technology brand with a leading edge in emerging country markets, will in the future benefit from the growth of demand in emerging markets and the upgrading and optimization of the company's own product structure.
7th floor, 2nd floor, 2nd floor, 2nd wing, 9th North Street, Beijing, and 10th floor, 10th floor, National Open Building, 500 South East Road, Shanghai City, 1904th floor, 19th floor, New World Center, East and Lotus Road, Fuda District, Shenzhen City.
988 São Fong Square, downtown Guangzhou Avenue.
The company ' s unified social credit code is: 91530007557165982d.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.