Overperformance, aigc+multiple strategic growth space - Voice Holdings (688036.sh) incident evaluation report
The company achieved 17.443 billion yuan in revenue, an increase of 88.10 per cent over the year; achieved higher performance expectations, greater profitability, and benefited from the expansion of emerging markets and the upgrading of the product structure of the company in the first quarter of 2024.
The overall output has increased by 88.10 per cent over the same period. Cost-side, operational efficiency, higher upscaling and upscaling, with a scale effect, with 2024q1 management, sales, R & D capacity, with varying increases in the price of cellular supply chain devices in 2024.
Long, Māori has fallen by 1.21 pct over the same year, but the net profits of the company return have been supported by higher harvests, Māori growth and lower cost rates.
The company's share in the global smartphone market continues to rise, depending on emerging markets, and according to idc data, the market share of companies in the first quarter of 2024 was the highest in Africa in 2023, with a rate of more than 40 per cent in the smart market.
In the South Asian market, Pakistan, Bangladesh, smart market ownership rates are 1, Sound Holdings (688036): in 2023, more than 40%, 30%, all ranked first. Companies insist on localizing technological innovation.
q4 q4 market share promoted to fourth place for the first time, local innovation building barriers 2024-01-17 Deepening user demand, release of universaltone multiskinned shadow in 2023
Like technology, pre-isp (imagesignal processor) chip customization, profit-side growth, acceleration of mid-end and inkfish eye luminous techniques, industry leading dark-colour databases.
Strategy 2023-10-02, with its original dark-colour image engine. In addition, the company has developed a product scene for Africa's weak and unconnected environment - offline model, focusing on the entire life cycle.
The performance ring increased, product upgrades + diversified layouts operated at different stages, and a memorandum of cooperation was signed with the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa in October 2023 to work together to promote and accelerate the digital transformation of Africa.
In response to high flow costs, low bandwidth and low memory configuration in emerging markets, companies have developed technologies such as flow savings, memory integration, localized voice literacy, voice reduction, etc.
In March 2024, the company launched tecnoaios, which is dedicated to making mobile life easier and more efficient from smartphone operations, information acquisition, content creation to service acquisition, and to improving the global user ai mobile experience in all its aspects.
The Division also released the first-ever Polarace image system with a sony image chip cxd5622gg, which for the first time achieved the 4k30fps full-scale ai-nrhdr video, which will be used for the camon 30premier 5g new release in q2 in 2024.
In addition, the company is actively implementing a diversified strategic layout, continuously upgrading the product capacity of the expanded categories of operations, increasing local product research and development based on in-depth insight from local users, and deepening the farming channels, expanding the retail layout, and increasing the number
The risk of exchange-rate fluctuations, the failure of emerging markets to expand to the expected risks, the risk of technological overlaps, and the risk of downstream recovery.
• Presentation by the Electronic Communications Group: Mao Jianxian University Masters in Materials, three years of American semiconductor listing experience, participation in the global lead semiconductor advanced process project, five years of experience in commodity securities research, and employment in 2018-2020
Ko Yong-hoon: Dr. Physics from the University of Gangdan, who worked in China as Technology Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate, Luzhoyang: Master of Arts from the National University of Australia, who worked in Fangzheng Securities, four years of experience in research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.