In 2023, the audio-consumptions published, the company collected $62.295 billion in 2023, \triangleright and \triangleright.
\triangleright has approximately 194 million shipments. According to idc data, companies accounted for 14.0% of the global mobile market in 2023 and ranked third among global mobile branders, with smart machines in the global smart market.
The company maintained its competitive edge in Africa, with its share in the smart market in Africa exceeding 40% in 2023, and it ranked first in Africa. At the level of profitability, the company continued to open emerging markets, benefiting from product structural upgrading and cost optimization, and the overall volume of its output grew,
Emerging markets are moving faster and the product structure continues to upgrade. Companies emphasize the strategy of smart machines in overseas markets. 1. Sound Holdings (688036.sz) 2023 performance report \triangleright
Review: High level of innovation in the basics of performance, rapid growth in emerging markets, and continued domination of Africa ' s core business while targeting emerging markets such as South Asia, the Middle East and Latin America - 2024/02/27
Advantages. According to idc, in 2023, soundings occupied more than 40% of the Pakistani smart market, 2. Sound holding (688036.sz) ranked first in the three quarters of 2023; in Bangladesh, smart market held more than 30%; and in India, smart market.
q3 performance rating: q3 performance over-expected, diversified layout contribution of 8.2%, ranked sixth. Companies, while plowing markets in Africa and South Asia, stepped up efforts to open new markets, continuously explore and optimize development models suitable for new markets, and pushed up product upgrading in 2023.
The company has successively rolled out top-end products such as tecnophantomvfold, the frontline 5g. In addition, the company has increased its efforts to develop large localized products, while deepening its farming channels, expanding its retail distribution and increasing its digital capacity.
The extension business continues to upgrade its product capacity and build a second-growth curve. The company has developed its own high-impact data computing engine for its own mobile phone, and has deployed it to produce a product line covering a number of products, such as tecno/infinix/itel. A number of research and development, including i voice helper and i-image optimization, are in the process of developing and validating the product.
In addition to the smart machine business, the company’s multiple layouts, such as mobile interconnections, extension products, digital accessories, home appliances, multi-brand layouts, music, integrated content distribution, news syndication, etc., work strategically with large domestic firms, and emerging markets and business expansion have significantly contributed to village growth.
Investment Recommendations: We look at the core strengths of the company in the African market, while adding methodological and analytical logic to the findings of \triangleright, South-East Asia, Latin America, etc., to produce the present report independently and objectively, and are responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.