Report 2023 and Quarterly 2024: Over-performance period, looking at the “Emerging Emerging Markets + Product Structural Upgrading” double-wheel drive
The main reasons for the growth in corporate performance are: 1) companies have steadily increased their market share in existing markets and have been active in emerging markets, with about 190 million mobile phone shipments in 23 years, ranking third in the global machine market of 14.0 per cent; 2) through measures such as product structural upgrading and cost optimization.
▪ Development of ai technology tailored to the needs of users to create differentiated products for users in various regions: companies continue to publish universaltone multi-skin colour image technology based on the aigportrait function, which seeks to restore perfection in the area of hand-held video and display the different colours of humans in a global multicultural landscape
Beautiful, to meet the aesthetic needs of users of different skin colours. At the 2024mwc launch, tecno pushed out tecnoaios and ai assistant-ella to optimize user life experience in all its aspects, and to achieve sound control: 2023.
In addition, companies report high performances, multiple initiatives, high performances, network instability, low bandwidth, low memory configuration, etc.
Technologies such as network connectivity, memory integration, localization of small-language voice recognition, voice reduction, etc.  Continuous development of extended-type operations, diversification strategy creating growth points for corporate revenue: close corporate ownership of Audio Holdings (688036): q3 in 2023
Developments in new technologies, new industries, new industries, new models. Explore the enabling effect of aigc on mobile phone applications, focusing on smart households, mobile value-added services, mobile phone + peripheral equipment. Performance ratings: strong growth in performance, multiple layouts.
New eco-links, new mobile phones +aigc, new robotics, and so on. In 2024, a new pova6pro smartphone was introduced on the mwc in Barcelona, a dynamic 1 on a smart machine dog with a voice control technology, and a pocketgo -- the first line for sound transmission.
Business, exploring new business models, opening up opportunities for growth.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.