RMB 31.38 billion, or 24.7 per cent, of the net profits of the shareholders of the parent company.
Corporate production stabilized in the first half of the year, and the volume of oil and gas production, crude oil processing, finished oil sales, and ethylene production increased further, further reducing the fuel and fuel ratio to 1.03.
\triangleright, although international oil prices were lower than in the first half of the year, benefited from the increase in the production of natural gas itself and from the decline in natural gas production.
(b) Refining and chemical industries, which were the most significant sectors in terms of significant increases in company performance over the past two years, but which were affected by the volatility of oil prices, increased procurement costs and increased competition in the industry, decreased industry climates, and companies refined oil and chemicals in the first half of the year.
The proceeds from chemical operations were $19.1 billion and $11.9 billion, respectively, representing a decrease of 51.0 per cent and 24.5 per cent, respectively, respectively, and sales, which were affected by a reduction in sales and a decline of 14.4 per cent in operating earnings, despite a decline in the company ' s business performance in the first half of the year.
Roughly $280 billion, companies have given a large share to investors in the past two years, with a dividends rate of about 8 per cent, 11.5 times, 9.6 times and 9.5 times. Today, the world’s large oil companies average about 1.33 times pb, China’s petrochemicals are 0.86 times more, and the company’s valuations have been made up, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
International oil prices have fallen sharply; polyolefin prices have fallen; and reforms in the hydrocarbon sector have fallen short of expectations.
Yang Xiaohui, “Tian-Eye” 2015: Graduated from Northwestern University, graduate from China Oil University (Beijing) and graduate in chemistry, China, from August 2010 to February 2016.
In March 2016, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities advisory profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding, and sought to be objective, impartial and free from any third party by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions.