(a) The decline in the production of refined oils and the restoration of profit from exploration and exploitation - China ' s petrochemical (600028) mid-2019 midterm report issued by China ' s petrochemical company in 2019, which achieved business income of $14,49,996 million, an increase of 15.3 per cent over the same period;
The net profit attributable to the parent company was $31.38 billion, a 24.7 per cent decrease in the same year; the net profit attributable to the parent company’s shareholding, after deducting non-recurring gains and losses, was $30.451 billion, a 23.5 per cent decrease in the same year; exploration and exploitation operations continued to improve and domestic oil and gas production increased.
In the first half of the year, 20 billion yuan was spent on plate capital, mainly for the victory, the northwest, and other oil fields.
Oil prices and exchange rates influence the production of shale gas fields, etc.
The impact of the rise, the devaluation of the renminbi exchange rate, etc., was that in the first half of the year the refining of the oil was 383 yuan/tonne, a 29.6 per cent decline in the same year. Capital expenditure continued to grow. In the first half of the year, corporate capital expenditure was 42,878 million yuan, an 81 per cent increase in the same year.
Losses in profits from oil prices and exchange rates due to higher gas prices and profit from exploration and exploitation operations, taking into account the company ' s advantages in the integration of oil and gas production and processing, are expected to be in the middle of 28 West and West Side Avenue.
Forge, Fukuda District, Free Trade Zone, China (Sichuan)
This report is presented independently and objectively, using legally compliant information. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The company does not view it as a customer for the purpose of receiving this report, it does not have a direct business relationship with it as a reader, and it does not have an appropriate duty to do so. This report is confidential to the company, and if a non-resident customer receives this report, please return it and remove it in a timely manner and keep it confidential until it is disclosed publicly or with the consent of the company.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but it does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the report, which are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values of securities or investment objects referred to in this report may be subject to change.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. For its other professionals, including but not limited to salesmen, traders, the company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report with analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance.
The company seeks to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only and are not an invitation or guarantee to purchase or sell securities or the subject matter of their investments.
The company and its authors do not bear any of the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.