The Sinyshan evidences have been sent to China, and China's petrochemicals (600028.sh) have increased their oil and gas exploration efforts.
On 26 August 2019, a 15.29 per cent increase in the same year, the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company was $31.338 billion, largely due to the narrow harvest of the company’s main products, such as refining oil and chemicals.
The upstream plate was reversed, the purchase costs of crude oil were increased and the market competition was intensely dragging down refining oil, \triangleright sales and distribution, and chemical panel performance. Molecular plate, 2019h1 exploration and exploitation
The profit from the plate business is $6.2 billion, which is a positive gain. This is mainly due to the development of fine oil fields, which are the highest/lowest in the year: efforts to increase the production of natural gas, to strengthen cost-control and to improve profitability effectively.
Distributiona share/total equity (billions): 29.6 per cent decrease compared with the previous year, mainly due to higher crude oil procurement costs as a result of the rise in imported crude oil, higher overseas insurance premiums, depreciation of the renminbi exchange rate, etc.
Other refined oil products, such as gas, have been reduced by the same price margin. Marketing and distribution plates are operating at a profit of $14.7 billion, a 14.4 per cent decline in the same year. This is mainly due to competition in the domestic market for finished oil, which is 2.7 per cent more than the same year, and the production of 7894,000 tons of finished oil, 3.4 per cent more than the same year.
The production of gasoline rose by 4.3 per cent and the production of kerosene by 7.9 per cent, with a total distribution of 12,691 million tons of finished oil, or 9.6 per cent, compared with the previous year, with a total domestic distribution of 91,77 million tons, or 3.8 per cent, compared with the previous year.
The market for chemical products has fallen due to strong competition, ample supply, and lower Māori for the product, while the market competition has reduced the Māori rate for the product and management costs.
The combined Māori rate for companies is 7.7%, compared to last year's Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd., as a result of these combinations.
The significant increase in costs was mainly due to increased interest expenditure of $27.39 billion, with a significant increase in capital expenditure on a year-on-year basis and a significant increase in oil and gas exploration and development.
(a) $20.64 billion, mainly for the construction of crude oil production capacity such as victory, north-west oil production capacity, mausoleums, prestige, etc. The construction of rock and gas production capacity, the promotion of gas pipelines and reservoirs and the construction of offshore oil and gas projects;
Construction of oil-restructuring projects such as Hai, Luoyang and Mau Nam; marketing and distribution of plate capital expenditure of 8071 million yuan, mainly for the construction of finished oil reservoirs, pipelines and refuelling (gas) stations; and chemical block capital expenditure of 5.674 billion yuan, mainly for the construction of refining projects such as China, China, China and Wuhan
Establishment: The headquarters and other capital expenditures of $290 million, mainly for the construction of scientific installations and information projects. Overall, the company has fully implemented its plan of action for the enhancement of oil and gas exploration and exploitation, and has made every effort to promote steady oil and gas production, and to coordinate the development of the gas production and storage system.
Capital expenditure is spent on the main business block, which is conducive to further growth. According to the Development Report for the Domestic and Foreign Hydrocarbon Industry 2018, published by China’s Petroleum Group Institute of Economic Technology, China’s oil industry accounted for the first 600 million tons of surface oil consumption in 2018, reaching 6.25 tons.
In 2018, our oil imports amounted to 440 million tons, an increase of 11 per cent over the previous year, and our oil external dependence rose to 69.8 per cent. According to the Ministry of Natural Resources, exploration and exploitation permits have been issued for areas with oil and gas prospects.
Only about half of the work is done, which means that there are good prospects for development in the upstream oil and gas sector. On the other hand, instability in the US-Iraq situation will have a serious negative impact on stability in the Middle East, and if the geopolitical conflict in the Middle East deteriorates further, it will provide China with energy security belts.
Given the serious threat of oil shortages in the Middle East and the high import costs associated with soaring oil prices, it is particularly important for the country’s energy security to scale up capital spending and scale up domestic oil and gas fields. China’s petrochemical industry is a major energy-chemical company that integrates upstream, centre, and downstream.
In the oil and gas industry, where the company maintains a large income and profit scale and has a strong overall capacity, we appreciate the company's deepening reforms in the oil and gas sector in the future, the high volatility of oil prices, the risk of increased competition in the petrochemical sector markets, and the climate of macroeconomic change.
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having done so, for not having done so, nor for having done so, nor for having received any specific recommendation or opinion in the present report.