Continued increase in Congolese copper and cobalt, mining + trade double-wheel drive Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
In terms of industry, the mining and processing sector generated $65.260 billion in 2024, compared to +46.59 per cent in 2024; the mineral trade sector generated $188,356 million, compared to 12.06 per cent.
The asset-liability ratio is further optimized by comparing company prices with the trend of 300 depths, insisting on the annual cash share in the consolidated statements for the current year for three consecutive years, with high dividends being returned to the shareholders in the context of regular operations and future development.
The net profit ratio is over 40% and continues to be high for shareholders. Supply tension + policy support, copper and cobalt prices remain high. Copper: average domestic copper spot prices in 2024 were about 75,000 tons, mines were ageing, overseas policy changes, and the price of copper was high.
The supply of electricity in Africa, among other things, affects the supply of copper ore, which in 2025 was still tight and the price of copper was more operational. Cobalt: in 2024, the national spot price for cobalt was approximately 20 million yuan (the same date, the national spot price for cobalt was 248,000 yuan).
Restrictions on exports have led to a strain on the supply of cobalt, which is expected to rise steadily, with large fluctuations in prices of major metals, less than expected releases of production capacity, and uncertainty in overseas policies resulting in Congolese copper and cobalt production, which was realized in the first three quarters as a net return to the mother.
2. Cobalt and Cobalt project releases, with continued high performance 1 Congolese copper and Cobalt production capacity climbs up the slope with a 64 per cent increase in the mother ' s net profit in 2024
1.1 Event: The Luoyang industry published its annual report for 2024. The company achieved business income of $213,329 million in 2024, i.e. +14.37 per cent, and a net return profit of $13,532 million, i.e. +64.03 per cent.
In line with the provisions of the Charter of the Corporation, the annual cash share of the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company in the consolidated statements for the current year is over 40 per cent, with a sustained high share of the return shares 1.2 Congolese copper and cobalt production continues to grow and the trade section enhances synergy
In 2024, the mining and processing sector received $65.260 billion, or +46.59 per cent;
Copper products earned $41,857 million, compared to +70.18 per cent in 2023, representing 64.14 per cent of the total revenue of the mining and processing industry; cobalt products earned $8,743 million, compared to +156.71 per cent. Copper cobalt mining-led companies increased the volume of copper-based tfm production-led tfm pieces. Three production lines of the tfm mixed mining project were successful in the first half of 2024.
The production of copper/cobalt in the Democratic Republic of the Congo in 2024 was 65.02.11.42 million tons, compared with the average production in the same year.
The annual copper price rose further, with a domestic spot price of $817,000 per ton on 25 March. The national spot price for cobalt in 2024 was $2481,000 per ton.
2.1 The supply of copper remains tight, the overall price of copper remains high, and smelting tc highlights the stress of the mine and the continuing tension between the supply and demand of copper.
The supply situation has not improved since then.
On the demand side, the country has continued to issue consumer boosts, with a greater boost from property policies and old-change policies. The follow-up policy, which stimulates lower demand for real estate, keeps the demand for new energy vehicles high, and domestic appliances, such as air conditioning, replaces old policies with new ones.
The United States or raise copper tariffs, and the copper premium drive up the global copper price. The Trump team is about to announce a new round of tariff plans on April 2. The market is expected to charge copper, the copper traders are expected to bring spot copper into the United States market during the window of the tariff landing, and the copper-copper boost is increasing.
According to the IFA, at the end of February of this year, the price of copper has increased and the price of cobalt has been raised. 2.2 The Democratic Republic of the Congo has imposed a ban on cobalt exports, and the situation with regard to the supply of cobalt has deteriorated.
According to the United States Geological Survey, by 2024 the Democratic Republic of the Congo had more than 50 per cent of its global cobalt reserves and by 2024 2.9 million tons of global cobalt mineral production, 75.8 per cent of which came from the Democratic Republic of the Congo, with production from the Democratic Republic of the Congo and its share from 2020.
This export ban by the Democratic Republic of the Congo has led to a gradual tension in the supply of cobalt raw materials, which has effectively reversed the downward trend in cobalt prices since 2022.
Figure 20 Global and Congolese cobalt reserves is or will be further restricted for export, and cobalt prices have the potential to recover. According to FFA, Prime Minister Suminois of the Democratic Republic of the Congo announced plans to implement export quotas for cobalt and to work with Indonesia to manage the supply of the global cobalt market.
The main resource countries limit exports, the supply of cobalt raw materials is strained or will be re-emerged, and subsequent cobalt prices are expected to increase. In terms of production, we refer to the company’s performance guidelines for 2024. In terms of prices, the copper mine supply bias plus policy stimulates demand, assuming a steady increase in copper prices; and the Democratic Republic of the Congo’s export ban affects the assumption of cobalt prices for 2025.
The kfm mixed mining project was fully operational and with a smooth post-natal cost that was somewhat optimized in 2024, but with the increase in the mine ' s mining years and the rise in fixed costs such as salaries, the Māori rate is expected to decline slightly in 2026-2027. Major metal prices fluctuated significantly: companies engaged in mining and processing and trading of minerals, major metal prices
Large fluctuations will affect the company's income and profits; Capacity is not released as expected: the company tfm and kfm mines are climbing their capacity, and subsequent capacity is released less than expected to affect the company's output and thus its performance.
Risks of operations such as uncertainty in overseas policies: companies engaged in mining and processing in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Brazil, etc., and trade in minerals globally, uncertainty in overseas policies or changes in the environment in which they operate may create risks for safety and environmental protection in mines: company profits are mainly derived from mining and processing operations, which can be carried out in the course of such operations
The data and information used in this report are made available independently and objectively, using legally compliant information and using publicly available information from the market, without any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.