On the 11th of March, 2025, the Cobalt King returned.
The Congolese authorities announced on 24 February 2025 that they had decided to suspend cobalt exports for four months in order to deal with the remaining supply of the global cobalt market. The Congolese cobalt mineral volume was around 76 per cent globally, while the Indonesian cobalt mine was about 10 per cent.
The four-month suspension of exports of cobalt raw materials or the resulting global reduction of about 25 per cent in the supply of cobalt, the balancing of demand for and demand for cobalt, or the direct transformation from surplus to a gap. At the same time, there is no will to retain too much stock in the industry, and we estimate that the national inventory of cobalt raw materials is expected to be in place for only about three months, and that the supply of cobalt raw materials is in a state of tension.
The \triangleright site is widely regarded as having a negative impact on the sale of the company's main power mines in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, which, despite the rise in the price of cobalt outside the Democratic Republic of the Congo, cannot be sold by the company or enjoy the benefits of the increase in the price of cobalt.
A misunderstanding, first, in the short run, the company has a certain inventory of cobalt, which, after sale, is able to enjoy the elasticity of the rise in Qiuzu; and second, in the medium and long term, the market underestimates the space in which the price of cobalt is raised and believes that the price of cobalt is higher.
In fact, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, as the world's largest producer of cobalt, has a strong will to make a multi-cobalt price, a ban on exports is only a stopgap measure, a follow-up quota system or a more rational policy, and a quota system is clear.
In the short term, the company’s performance elasticity lies in the inventory of cobalt in transit. Because of the stock of the full-scale trading company \triangleright \triangleright
In the case of sales of company products, there is a quarterly lag period in which this portion of the inventory in transit benefits from the immediate cost of cobalt.
The ban is not an end, but \triangleright
The quota system is the best way out for the 3rd quarter of 2024 in the Luoyang industry. Cobalt production in the Luoyang industry in 2024 accounts for 50% of the total production of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, if quotas are introduced.
Assessment: production continues to exceed expectations, expecting more quotas for the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and companies will probably be able to increase the fast profit center of the cobalt plate at a price swap. If central prices are based on the current 240,000 measure (conservative assumptions, well below the historical high of 700,000), the company will be cobalt-rich.
A single ton net gain, or an increase from RMB 0.92 million per ton of 24q3, to RMB 5.13 million per ton. The quota system leads to a decline in cobalt production, which has a manageable cost impact. The market is generally concerned that copper cobalt is associated with a reduction in cobalt production after the quota system, which may affect the production of main metal, while raising the cost of cobalt production.
Production is separate, and cobalt reduction does not affect copper production; on the other hand, the cost of cobalt reduction is manageable. Investment proposal: as the Congolese project has stabilized its production and the forward cobalt price center rises, we go up \triangleright
\triangleright 1 Democratic Republic of the Congo has issued an export ban that raises the base of the cobalt price
On 24 February 2025, it was announced that it would suspend cobalt exports for a period of four months in order to address excess supply in the global cobalt market