Cobalt resonance, twin stars glowing. \triangleright \triangleright \
The net return to the mother was $5.26 billion, representing a 9.4 per cent decrease in the same year, and a 84.2 per cent increase in the ring. \triangleright benefited from a 17,144 million increase in the gross gross profit of the same year, mainly from a significant increase in the sales of copper and cobalt and an increase in the price of copper.
Il. 1-point Māori split: 90/10% net profit on mines/trades, trade plates, respectively, contributed $9.917 billion Māori growth in copper and cobalt pieces, totalling 11.6 billion, to mine boards.
Mine production exceeded the limit of the year's production guidelines, with copper and cobalt blocks significantly exceeding the limit of the year's guidelines, Zhang Qing, research assistant Yuan Ho.
More than 650,000 tons of production, either in excess of or from the realization of in-transit stocks, is reflected in q4, or is one of the reasons for q4 performance supermarket expectations. 4 Cost: the cost of copper and cobalt mining increased significantly in 2024, or there was scope for a drop in 2025 due to higher extraction at the beginning of the operation. 5 Income tax: income tax rate per capita
q2/q3 real tax rates were 47 per cent and 43 per cent, respectively, mainly higher taxes for the Congolese copper-cobalt branch, and the q4 income tax rate fell to 29 per cent.
Performance forecast for 2024 in the Luoyang industry (603993.sh): q4 over-expected performance, twin stars glowing 2025/3. The Luoyang industry (603993.sh) event evaluation: copper production
174,000 tons, with 24q1 tfm still in the climb phase, and 25 years of full production, with tfm and kfm producing at an all-time high in February, we expect the company to actually produce 25 years of copper or exceed its limit of guidance. 4. The Luoyang industry (603993.sh) reported deep in the third quarter of 2024.
Assessment: Production continues to exceed expectations, with Congolese gold mines expected to grow with 90-100,000 tons of cobalt metal, 2.5-30 million tons of molybdenum metal and more than 10,000 tons of niobium metal. 2 copper and cobalt prices are resonant, and performance is expected to continue to grow.
Production costs are expected to decrease in 3 mines, with higher extractions occurring in the early stages of production, \triangleright
\triangleright 1 incident: companies published their annual 2024 report, and 24q4 companies achieved operating income of $58.270 billion in single quarters, an increase of 6.8 per cent in the same year and a rise in the ring.
12.2 per cent of the net return to the mother, $5.26 billion, representing a 9.4 per cent decrease in the same year, a 84.2 per cent increase in the ring, a non-contribution of 1.74,000 tons, and 24q1tfm, which is still in the climb phase, has been fully produced throughout the 25-year period, and kfm, whose production in February has reached an all-time high, we expect the company to actually produce copper for 25 years or to exceed the limit of the guidelines.
The meeting considered the adoption of the Bill on our Company ' s Profit Distribution Plan for 2024, based on 21.6 billion shares in the total equity of the company prior to the program, less 200 million shares in the company ' s repurchase of specialized securities account.
Copper and cobalt production continued to rise significantly in 201224, with high performance growth of billions of dollars, mainly from the sale of npm copper gold from Australia in q4 in 23 years, to no such business in 24 years; fair value changes were equal to a reduction of $3.05 billion, mainly derived from the current basic metal trading operation
Gains from changes in fair value decreased on a year-on-year basis; income tax increased by $4,987 million on a year-on-year basis, mainly in the copper-cobalt industry. Prices: metal prices increased and fell, copper averages increased significantly during the year, and tungsten prices rose significantly, but cobalt and molybdenum increased.
Copper cobalt plates: copper prices have been innovatively high during the year, the average price has increased significantly over the year, while cobalt prices have continued to decline by 25.48 per cent, the volume of cobalt minerals sold has increased significantly, and copper prices have risen. Other plates: molybdenum prices have fallen more, tungsten prices, phosphorus prices have risen significantly, and sorghum prices are running steadily.
In the block, the annual average price of molybdenum, molybdenum, ferrous tungsten, apt annual prices change - 7.80 per cent, -10.16 per cent, +14.06 per cent, +12.68 per cent, the price of molybdenum is affected by imported raw materials, which is lower than during the same period last year, and the supply and demand of tungsten are more marked, with higher average price increases throughout the year; in the Brazilian phosphorus plate, the price of thorium/phosphate is higher;
The average annual price of a ammonium is 2.13%/+8.45%. Companies sell phosphorus mainly to the Brazilian market, and if phosphorus-importing countries, about 80% of local consumption is met by imported products, mainly from Morocco, Russia, China, and Egypt. In 2024, China continued to limit domestic capacity expansion and production.
The price of phosphorus has been further repaired by the persistent supply of imports from China. Hundreds of millions of yuan, a steady increase in 2024, and net profit from maternity have continued to rise to an all-time high of 1,353 million yuan.
Quote median. Production of copper and cobalt plates significantly exceeds the limit of the year’s guidelines. Copper and cobalt plates: kfm+tfm, two major world-class copper and cobalt projects have a strong capacity to drive copper and cobalt production up \checkmark
In the first half of the year, the three production lines of the tfm mixed mining project succeeded in reaching production targets, creating 5 production lines, 450,000 tons of annual copper production capacity, plus 150,000 tons of copper annual production capacity in kfm, and the company has 6 production lines and over 600,000 tons of annual copper production capacity in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Blocks: The production of tungsten/tungsten in 2024 was largely stable, exceeding the upper limit of the year ' s production guidelines. The production of molybdenum/tungsten metal was 15,396/8222 tons in 2024, corresponding to -2 per cent/+4 per cent, and there was no significant decline in the production of the year-round plan (median guideline), maintaining basic stability, achieving the upper limit of the excess production guidelines, projected for 2025.
Tungsten production will continue to remain stable with the same production guidelines as in 2024, with annual production of 10,024 tons per phosphorus per year, or +5 per cent per year, and complete the plan for the whole year (trade plate: slightly above the midpoint of the guidelines for the volume of metals traded). In 2024, physical trade amounted to 5.54 million tons, compared with the same figure for the year).
In 2024, copper and cobalt sales continued to grow significantly, with other products changing in terms of volume and output. The increase in production benefited from a significant increase in corporate copper and cobalt sales in 2024, and it was worth noting that copper sales amounted to 690,000 tons a year, more than 650,000 tons, as sales were made in 2024.
The final external sales were made and production was made at the end of the mine, so that the excess was partly or partly due to the realization of the in-transit stock, and was concentrated in q4, which was also part of the q4 performance supermarket expectations. tfm/kfm copper cobalt mine mining costs were $38.55/74.23 per ton, an increase of 44 per cent and 44 per cent, respectively, respectively, respectively.
In addition, the cost of mining increased by 26 per cent to 57.55 ton on a year-on-year basis due to the ageing of the country ' s three canal mines. In its focus work in 2025, the company proposed a sustained push for organizational and management upgrades, with a focus on reducing efficiency gains.
tfm improves the management system and means of hse and upgrades the level of security management; kfm accelerates the promotion of specific activities to improve the product process.
The size of the plate shows a significant increase in copper cobalt, a slight decline in the titanium, and an increase in the stability of the phosphorus. Higher increases and increases in sales, with the overall size of the plate more stable and slightly declining in terms of Maori. Copper and cobalt plates: sales of the copper and cobalt plate continue to increase significantly, leading to high performance growth. Copper prices averaged on a year-to-year basis.
Further ups and ups and ups, along with substantial increases in sales, which led to higher profits, while the price of cobalt was relatively low, the company sold more than 100,000 tons to supplement the price, which also led to higher revenues and Māori growth.
Continued growth, coupled with increases in product prices, has led to a steady overall recovery of the plate, Māori upturn, Figure 9: Cost performance during the company period 2.20224q4 quarter accelerated release of copper and cobalt production, and profit supermarket expectations
Gains (US$ 1918 million) are mainly due to the sale of npm in 23q4 recognizing higher returns on investments. The gain is mainly related to changes in fair value (+2,331 million) or to derivatives of trade operations; fees and taxes (+851 million), mainly due to corporate governance upgrades.
Prices: Four-quarter price rings are generally stable, with a larger increase than in most cases except for cobalt. Cobalt cobalt plates: 2024q4 and cathode copper/metal cobalt prices of $9322/t and $10.9/n/n/n, respectively, continue to be depressed; after a year of high innovation in copper prices, the hub rises and remains high.
4.7 per cent of the price is high due to cost increases and supply constraints; in the Brazilian phosphorus plate, the price of americium/phosphate ammonium is changing by 1.7 per cent/+13.3 per cent, the ring ratio by 2.9 per cent/-2.2 per cent, and the price of phosphorus is moving up mainly due to increased supply constraints and a recovery in demand.
Volume: The sales of copper cobalt q4 increased by the same amount, and the sales of phosphorus q4 dropped more than the sales of copper/cobalt metal were 15,888,289 tons in the fourth quarter of the year, representing an increase of 37.82 per cent/0.56 per cent, respectively. The company ' s production line of tfm in the first half of the year was on schedule and its production accelerated in the second half of the year.
Plates: 40, 62/2159 tons of molybdenum/tungsten metal produced in the fourth quarter of 2024, corresponding to the same year; pyrophos: 2342/284445 tons of americium/phosphorus produced in the fourth quarter of 2024, corresponding to the same year; plywood: 72.6,517,000 tons of refined metal sold in the fourth quarter of 2023, corresponding to the same year
Project 3 tracking: copper cobalt resonance, Congolese gold with a full potential of square kilometres, covering exploration, mining, refining, processing and marketing of copper, cobalt ore, with a full range of processes and processes from open to processing, with the main products being cathode copper and cobalt hydroxide.
kfm copper cobalt mining: the company has an indirect interest of 71.25% in kfm copper cobalt mining. The main products are cathode copper, cobalt hydroxide and small quantities of copper cobalt concentrates.
According to the company’s official public number, in February 2025, tfm and kfm single-month production was at an all-time high. tfm: tfm in central and eastern districts have more than planned total copper recovery rates, contributing to a new breakthrough in cathode copper production.
tfm implemented measures to upgrade the treatment of oxidizing lines and mixed-mine milling systems, including the adjustment of flasks and steel ball matching, the replacement of lifts, and the modification of rock-breaking mills, which resulted in an overall increase of about 3% over the planned level of ore treatment.kfm: continuing the January “open door” momentum, cathode copper production has reached a single-month high since production began.
Kfm ball mills have been stabilized at more than 20,000 tons per day for electricity supply, companies have completed diesel generator units for electricity supply Reconfigured and networked with a power capacity of up to 12 megawatts, effectively reducing electricity stress in the city; and, for water resource management, power plants have led recycling programmes to optimize water cycle systems to ensure a stable supply of water for dry season production
The potential of the two major mines is high, and the next five years will be a significant increase. With the tfm-m-mixed, kfm-cobalt-cobalt gradually released, taking into account the fact that forward planned incremental landings began in 26 years, with over 24 years of production over the Pumpi and Kfm-II deep sulphide development, early work is already under way, step two.
It is worth noting that the cobalt production target was completed earlier in 2024 on the basis of two copper-cobalt mines, calculated on the basis of the median in production guidelines, of which 100,000 tons were assumed to come from kfm and 200,000 tons from tfm.
The potential increase in cobalt is 53,000 tons. 1) Projects are not progressing as expected.
As a result of the project’s lack of progress, the pace of production release will slow, which will have an impact on profitability. 2) The prices of major metals such as copper and cobalt have fallen. Companies produce large commodities, prices are transparent, and price fluctuations for copper, cobalt, molybdenum, tungsten, strontium, phosphorus, etc. will have a significant impact on the company’s profitability, if the macroeconomic acceleration is kept under pressure.
In many countries, such as China, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Brazil, Australia, India, etc., corporate investment projects are spread. If local governments change the direction of their market policies, or if they introduce policies to raise taxes on mining companies, they will be able to reduce the price of metals.
Promulgating laws against mining companies abroad, among other things, could harm the company’s interests and put it at risk for its profitability. The company’s mines are global in scope, involve more assets in foreign currency, and, while using exchange rates to hedge against risk, there may also be a risk of hedging failures or high exchange rate fluctuations.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.