I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, maintain. Healthybalancesheetdrivesfuturegroveth targetprice
(previoustp revenuenetprofietslightlyincreasedby 5.1% trom 117.4bnand 2.9% to crrentprice)
Weblieveitsamplelandbankandhealthy balancesheet providifestforitsfuturedevelopment.ourtpisrm22.16, chinapropertysector
%1 m20. %2 %2 %2m2 %2 %2 %2m2 %2%2%2%2%2%2%2%20.
By 5.1% tomb 117.4bnand 2.9% tomb 13.2bnin9m20, reactively. Grossmarginslightlyretreadby 1.9 pptsto34.0% intheperiodbutstock atthehighlevelamongpeers.the companymanagedcostwell.selling
Townli expensesdeclinedby 3.6% tomb3.3bnandadministiveextensensensonly gainedby 2.0% tormb3.2bnintheperiod.sonetprofitmarginonlylost
0.2 pptsto 11.2% in9m20. outperformedcontractedsales.contractedsalesamountandarea stockdata
mktcap(rmmmmn) increasedby 5.9% totmb367.4bnand 6.6% to 24.44mnsqmin9m20, avg3mthst/o(rmmmmn)
52igh/low (inamount) and -1.8 per cent (inarea), reactively.webelievetheledbrand
I don't know, totalisuiedshares(mn) namewouldsupportitssalesjob. andweexptittoachieveotherrecord highcontractedsalesin 2020, comparedwithrb461.8bnin2019.
I'm sorry, she's the only one who's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it.
Soenejoysalowerfundingcost.inaddition, withahealthyballance freeload 2020, actively.furthermore, totaliabilities/totallassets (afterdedactionof)
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this, and we're going to have to do this.
The qmsqmattributablelandbank.thecompanyaquired88 projectswith source: bloomberg
131.4bnin9m20. 12-mthpriceperformance
140.2 mnsqd70.8mnsqm. sototalattributablelandbankof 211 mn sqmissufficientforortfiveyearsdevelopment.maintainpandforcastunchanged.wemaintainyearsforecest
We're not going to be able to do anything about it.
Audit: bdo relatedreports oneofthefastgrowing
-22jul source: bloomberg, and bisestimates disproves&disclamers.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Orisser; and (2) nopartofhisorcompensationwas,is,orwillbe, directlynordirectly, relattothepicviewsexressedbythatanalyst inthisreport.besides, theanalystconfirstothertheanalystnorhis/herassociates (asdefininedin thecodeofconductissed by thehonkongsecuities)
It's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I's.
I'm sorry, coverinthisreport.
Market-perform underperform & international secretities limited
I don't know if I'm the only one who's got the right to be a part of it, but I'm the one who's got the right to be a part of it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I mean, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's a good idea.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The company's industrious, the company's industrious, recipientsshouldbeoulwarathat and bismayhaveaconclifictofinterestatcoldaffect theobjectivityofthisreport and the biswillnotatassemonyspresibilizationspeterof.thisreportisfortheuseofuseofuseofindicatedsciencelyandthispublication, maynotbe reduced, reprinated, sold, rededitedorpublishedinwholeorinpartoforanypurposewofoutpriorwrittenconsentof and biis.
I don't know what you're talking about, or (ii) archerosfallahingwithinarticle 49(a)to(d)("highnetworthcompanies, unincorporatedassociations,
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going, and I'm going to do it, and I's all, and I'm going, and I's.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
In the case of the specialtiesandfuturesact (cap.289), the bisgacceptslegalresposiabilityfortheconcentsocentsocentorsuchpersonlyto the extenrequiredbylaw.singareccipientssouldcontactandbisgat+656350400formattersattersarisingfrom, orinconneactionwiththeotherport.