There has been a steady increase in performance, a strong focus on farming, a steady increase in performance, and a decline in the level of Māori brought about by the carry-over structure.
The main reasons for the lower rate of increase in net profit due to the fact that the project is moving forward to a carry-over period, the company's investment earnings in the first three quarters are approximately $2.49 billion, compared to the increase.
During the last three quarters, the company accumulated $36,378 million in contracts, with 24,440.06 million and 44.81 per cent of the contract area, and the impact of the epidemic gradually faded and the company’s sales performance improved significantly.
During the reporting period, there were 88 new company outreach projects with an additional volume of 1982 million square metres, with total expansion costs of $131.4 billion, representing an increase of 32.8 per cent and 31.9 per cent, respectively, over the same period, representing 81 per cent and 36 per cent of the sales volume.
At the end of 2020q3, there were 714 projects under construction, with an area of 14.21 million square metres under construction and an area of 70.75 million square metres to be developed.
An increase of 4.4 per cent and 27.9 per cent, respectively, in the same year, was the actual completion of 64.8 per cent of the year's plan.
The net liability rate is 70.9 per cent, with a reasonable structure of liabilities and a greater short-term solvency. During the reporting period, capital channels were opened and costs maintained at a better level in the industry.
As of 30 June 2020, the industry had managed a total of approximately 317 million square metres of projects and a total of 1142 projects; the contract management project had a total area of approximately 493 million square metres and the contract management project had a total capacity to operate further.
The size of the management is expected to increase continuously as the group projects progress to delivery and build up the capacity of third-party outreach in the Pavli industry.
The company adheres to the strategy of deep-farming “cities + urban clusters” with sufficient and reasonable land reserves. The net debt ratio and financing costs are better in the industry, given the dual effects of the business landscape and industry elites.
In 2020, with the impact of the epidemic, the company took a stubble position, added land to the core city, and increased its size in the future. In parallel with the consolidation of the business, the “two-wing” business was well developed, and the industry was successfully listed and empowered for synergistic development. The company is expected to move from 2020 to 2020.
Use legally compliant information, produce the present report independently and objectively, use the data and information used in this report from the market, do not provide any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of these messages, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report will be used only for information purposes. I have not been, have not been, will not be, and will not be receiving, directly or indirectly, any form of recommendation or opinion in this report.