Hong Kong's capital is still in storage! We can transfer rich, rich, Fonda, and Warsaw! What the hell is going on? On the afternoon of October 25th, the company released its three-quarterly report — the third quarter of 2019 — to achieve business income of 43.42.
Millions of yuan, or 21.07 per cent more than the previous year; the net return to the mother is $1,109 million, or 20.56 per cent more than the previous year; and operating activities now, according to the institutional holdings, the top 20 institutions account for no less than rich investors, rich-country funds, Ifonda, and summer funds. However, in the third quarter of 2019, they remitted wealth, rich-country funds, Ifonda, Huaxia, etc.
Institutional investors, such as foundations, have reduced their positions to a different degree. Port capital, on the other hand, has increased at a smaller scale.
That's not a big deal. At the spring auction in 2017 for the twelfth anniversary of Paulie in Beijing, three boxes (30 pieces) made a high price of $161,000, an average of about $54,000 per box. Because raw materials are scarce, it has raised prices 11 times since 2005 and it has increased by about two times.
It's a brand medicine, a product that's mainly a product that's in the triad series and deals with liver disease. It's second in the Chinese brand, with a value of $24,903 million, and it's far higher than brand Chinese companies such as East Aquélé (19,832 billion yuan) and Koshibajiang (11,180 million yuan).
In the present report, the financial model Excel table will be updated on the basis of the three-monthly report of 2019 and the core points of the semi-annual report will be fine-tuned: in terms of the quality of growth — 21.07 per cent increase in operating income over the year, 3.45 per cent increase in receivables over the same year, sale
The sales rate fell by 0.09 per cent and the inventory grew by 14.04 per cent over the same period. Overall, its operating income grew by good quality, not using incentives such as “distributors pressurized” and “substantial advertising” .
In terms of profitability — in the first three quarters of 2019, the Māori rate was 44.76 per cent, an increase of 0.94 per cent over the same period; in terms of operating capital — by the end of the third quarter of 2019, receivables increased by 3.45 per cent over the same period and the weekly rate of transfer of receivables increased 0.76 times over the same period.
A brief summary of this three-quarterly report: 1 - The increase in revenue growth and the further increase in profitability; 2 - The difference in supply and demand between cattle, yellow and mussels, and the future price increases are highly certain, especially since this year they are still rising: 3 - The fact that this case has not been raised as of this year confirms our judgement of three months ago.
Well, there are a lot of questions about the data that we have to look at in depth in the valuation modelling process: 1) What are the factors worth analysing after the release of its three-quarterly report? How will the factors of these changes affect financial modelling from a modelling perspective?
2) What is the difference between the performance of the three-quarters report in 2019 and the previous estimates?
Today, let's start with a little bit and study the logic of valuation in the field of brand medicine. For the companies in question, we've studied Yunnan white medicine, East Aquacca, co-dependant medicine, etc.; and for the pharmaceutical industry, we've also studied the drug industry.
Heung-seo, Stone Pharmacy, Huadong, Middle School, Hanson, etc., have also conducted an in-depth analysis of policies such as `blank purchases'. Purchase of professional versions of valuation reports, query of related reports, and excel financial modelling forms. Since the tri-quarters report does not have disaggregated data disclosure, we are determined mainly through information disclosed by the voucher dealers.
Adjustments are assumed to be partially shown in purple fonts; otherwise, they are indicated in the updated blue fonts reported in the current quarterly report, where the main valuation assumptions are as follows:1 The rate of revenue growth — 4.342 billion yuan in operating income in the first three quarters of 2019 — an increase of 21.07 per cent over the previous three quarters of 2019.
A little more than the 18.26% we had estimated before. By branch: a. Pharmaceutical industry operations: according to the securities dealer's disclosure, the rate of growth of its pharmaceutical industry operations increased in the first three quarters of 2019.
I. We're going to adjust this part of the assumption: at the same time, given that price increases and sales growth are difficult to measure, we have added a more conservative method of predicting them in this update.
The historical performance has fluctuated considerably. In addition, given the rate of income growth in the first quarter of the third quarter, the corresponding rate of growth was only 11.4 per cent, so we did not adjust its assumptions; c, cosmetics, daily supplies operations: the rate of income growth was 33.14 per cent, which is lower than our forecast, so we will be right.
This part of the assumptions is adjusted; d. Food operations: we do not adjust to this part of the assumptions, since the voucher vendor ' s study and the three-quarterly report do not disclose the rate of revenue growth in the business.
The data gap is small. But, because of the increase in the price of the main raw material of the core product, musk and cow butter, which has been increasing in recent years, the rate of Maori is likely to fall in the future. So, we set a scenario switch here.
Conservative assumption: Future price increases will remain low and will not cover cost increases. As a result, no adjustment will be made to the original assumption. (6) Other assumptions — capital expenditures and operating capital changes are small — we maintain the same assumption.
Here, with the updated modelling report and the adjusted Excel table, you can see what minor changes have occurred in the Ministry. How will these subtle change factors affect the intrinsic value?
In addition, the list of shareholders includes such star agencies as central remittance funds, money transfers, Central European funds, and rich state funds. In terms of institutional holdings, compared to mid-2019, the third quarter of 2019, including remittances to rich and rich countries.
Institutional investors, such as foundations, fondaurs, and the summer fund, have fallen to varying degrees.
1) The pharmaceutical industry is concerned with medicines such as liver disease, flu, respiratory system, and dermatology.
3) Daily supplies and cosmetics - the main products are mascara, Queen's tiles, pearls, cream, etc. 4) foods - mainly health foods and functional foods (39.62%), daily and cosmetics (10.5%) and foods (0.27%). However, due to medical commerce
Goods (13.47 per cent), pharmaceutical commerce (11.44 per cent) and food (0.17 per cent) were distributed more widely, with the top five clients selling 10.57 per cent of total annual sales in 2018 and the top five vendors purchasing 15.55 per cent of total annual purchases.
Looking back at its most recent three-year performance - from 2016 to the third quarter of 2019, its operating income increased by 43.67 per cent per annum in terms of growth, 49.23 per cent per annum in terms of net profits, and higher than per cent per annum in terms of net profits. These operations constitute the special financial structure of the case:
Before making a valuation model, let's look at a basic set of data: after analysing the above data, the most important question comes up: where should we start with the modeling of the titanium as a scarce brand medium?
In order to model the valuation of the case, two major questions must be clarified: 1) scarce raw materials drive up the expectations of higher prices; 2) the penetration of high-end consumers pulls demand. With two major problems, we go down.
(a) The sale of medicines, chemical raw materials and preparations. The higher rate of growth in the year 2017, owing to the large amount of income generated by the drug circulation business, is due to two main factors:
On the other hand, the price increases for internal sales and exports of platinum, which ranged from 6 per cent to 6 per cent, made it less evident that the increase in prices was driven by the relatively large flow of medicines in the same year because of their income, but if the increase in net profits is seen, the year of the increase in the price increases is more in line with the year of the increase in net profits.
Overall, there are two main drivers of this change in performance – the growth of the drug circulation business, and the price of the money. So, how do these two operations go in the future?
The distribution of medicines is mainly concentrated in Fujian province and mainly in the city of Suzhou.
As a result, the revenue growth in its historical medicine circulation operations is closely linked to the increase in Chinese drug sales in Fujian province. \blacksquare, where Chinese drug sales in Fujian province increased at a lower rate in 2015 and 2016, mainly as a result of the province-wide increase in drug sales starting in 2014
In the first half of 2019, the proceeds from the distribution of medicines amounted to $1,387 million, an increase of 22.22 per cent over the previous year, and the Māori rate was the same.
It is still growing at a high rate. After the issuance of the semi-annual report, the “growth” in various analytical information was described as “less than in the past”, mainly stating that, according to the data disclosed by the voucher dealers, the income of its pharmaceutical circulation business grew at a rate of about 18.43% in the first three quarters of 2019, and the historical income of the operation fluctuated more rapidly. Moreover, as a result of the rapid development of the previous two years, the base of the operation was higher than the base.
Large, and at the same time, its operational entity, Xiamen Soon-in, may return to the industry level at a rate of income growth upon fulfilment of its performance commitments, so in 2019, the pace of growth in the business may decline, so we will not adjust to the original assumptions. In the larger context of health insurance costs, and in the context of the publication of the list of auxiliary medicines, the more affected is the use of Chinese injections.
In addition to the fact that the price of Chinese medicine is not subject to macro-regulation, the forecast does not have a significant impact on the flow of medicine. Given that sales are largely in line with the increase in the distribution of medicines in Fujian province, we use a more cautious figure.
In the words of the Chinese medicine sales industry in Fujian province, the average increase in 2011-2017 (13 per cent) was used as the case in 2019 - after seeing the medical circulation business, the focus is on the profit core pharmaceutical industry business, which in the future, as in its pharmaceutical industry business, has to be mentioned as its main product, the “pit” product.
The techniques and prescriptions are listed in the national “double secrets” and the traditional production techniques are listed in the national non-repository list, which is a variety of medicines at the national level.
Multiplier, the retail price is currently $530/particle. In terms of income growth, the pharmaceutical industry is growing at a higher rate than ever before. So, there are a few questions that need to be answered: 1) Why can a piece of thugs keep raising prices? 2) The logic of their price increases, whether there is a long-term logic for the future?
From 2005 to the present, a number of price increases have been made, with a compound price increase of 5.46% per year for the final price, which is similar to the annual compound growth rate for our food cpi (5.47%). The increase is mainly due to the rise in the price of raw materials.
The cost of musk (3 per cent), cow yellow (5 per cent), field 7 (85 per cent), snake chords (of which the content is the most important generic medicine), although small, costs are 52 per cent of the total cost, followed by cow yellow (35 per cent). Thus, the cost of musk and cow yellow medicine determines the overall cost of a scallop.
First, look at the changes in musk prices — musk, warm, poison-free, odour — which are used mainly for snout, salivation, communication, bruising. It's a dry secretion in the male scaffolds. The mussels have been gestivating since the age of two, producing about 15 g-30g per year. The traditional method of extraction is to kill musk.
As a result of its high pharmaceutical value, many people hunted mussels, which led to a sharp decline in their stock. Subsequently, we banned hunting and classified them as our first class protected animals. Since 2005, the regulatory layer has allowed the use of natural musk for only a few traditional known medicines, except for the use of musk, which is replaced by artificial musk and is used in products.
In this case, the amount of musk is currently at risk, with less than 50,000 species. The price of musk is rising as a result of a decline in supply. Between 2010 and 2014, the price of natural musk rose from 150 yuan/g to a maximum of 450 yuan/g.
However, the price of natural musk has remained at around $450/g since 2014 and has not risen significantly. Since domestic demand for musk is about 1,500 kg/year, the supply of musk is seriously inadequate.
However, the rate of reproduction is low, owing to the difficulty of raising herbs and the average number of children per year. At present, the national stock of musk resources is 6-7 million, of which 27,000 are artificial.
In comparison with demand, the supply is still tight. In this case, in one piece, the musk needs 0.09 g in a piece, the annual demand for musk is approximately 450 kg (which basically occupies the national supply) based on a total sales of nearly 5 million grains in 2018.
How do you solve the supply of musk? It comes mainly from two sources: outsourcing and the forestry sector rationing, and raising 1) to look at the breeding side - the titties have been laid up for artificial musk farms in Sakakawa and other locations. According to its 2018 report, the original book value of its productive biological assets is $146.4 million.
Note that, according to the mid-2019 data, the book value of its productive biological assets rose to $1.573 million, or about 1,573 head of mussels, or 7 per cent. No details were disclosed in its three-quarters report, although the ring ratio rose by 1 per cent from the net amount of productive biological assets.
According to the data, the ratio of females to males in the herd population is 1:0.97 (approximately 1:1) and the rate of child formation is 1:0.53.[1] On this basis, it is calculated that it receives 7.7 kg-15.4 kg of musk per year through farming. Obviously, this is impossible to repeat 2) and look at the outsourcing aspect — since the accounting of the imported raw materials is in the inventory, let's look at it again.
In 2018, raw materials for its pharmaceutical industry operations amounted to $992 million, mainly based on a small piece of precious raw material, i.e. musk and cow yolk. Based on an optimistic cost ratio, half of them were musk, which, at the current unit price of 450 yuan/g, had a stock of musk of approximately 1102 kg.
According to the semi-annual report of 2019, the raw materials of its pharmaceutical industry operations amounted to 1,013 million yuan, which, according to the above-mentioned assumptions, increased its stock of musk to approximately 1126 kgg. Given the annual rise in its stock of raw materials, that is to say, it buys extra musk each year in quantities larger than its demand.
It needs to purchase 332 kg per year, at least 63% of its annual output, regardless of the increase in its sales. By contrast, we can conclude that the stock of our musk is currently far short of demand, so the product is long.
The price increase is the trend towards greater certainty. After seeing the musk, there's a famous Chinese medicine, cow yolk -- this medicine, how much and how much will it be in the future?
It's actually the gallstone of a cow, and the probability of a cow getting a gallstone disease is between one and two out of a thousand, which means that one or two of a cow has a gallstone, and not all of the gallstones meet the standard of high-quality cow yellow. So, natural york is also a rare medicine.
Despite the availability of artificial beef on the market, natural yolk has a clinical advantage, making high-end medicaments easier to use, and the annual demand for it amounts to 5,000 kg. The country’s production of natural yolk is in the range of 400 to 700 kg per year, and the supply is tight.
At the same time, in 2000, 2001 and 2002, the National Food and Drug Administration issued successive letters prohibiting the import of cow-origin materials, such as the production of medium-made medicines for natural yolk, which exacerbates the conflicting demand and supply of natural yolk and makes it difficult to obtain it. Above yuan/g, the average price of natural yolk is currently 400 yuan/g.
The price will continue to rise in the future, given that both mussels and cow yolk are in short supply. At the same time, due to the pressure of rising prices for their main raw materials, it is expected that the cost will continue to rise in the future.
In 2011, the number of artificially cultivated mussels in the country reached 8,400, and in 2018 it reached about 27,000, with the annual compound rate of increase.
21%. At this rate, it will be at least 2029 before it reaches its current annual demand of 1,500 kg. But, as downstream demand rises, the demand for musk in the market in 2028 is expected to be higher than the current demand of 1,500 kg. That is to say, the musk will remain supply-less than demand for the last 10 years, and prices will remain certain.
In terms of supply and demand, it is difficult to rely solely on farming to fully meet market demand. On the demand side, it is not a common health product, but rather a two-way variety - based on medical properties, based on clinical research data, which shows that its efficiency in acute chronic hepatitis patients is approximately 67.25%, and clinically unreceived, unreceived, heart, heart, heart, heart, heart, heart, heart.
The liver, kidney, and blood systems have no toxic side effects. [2] At present, according to public data, there are about 90 million hepatitis B virus infections in the country, 10 million hepatitis C virus carriers, and the incidence of viral hepatitis has increased by 6 per cent. In 2018, the market for hepatitis drugs was estimated to be 70 billion yuan, 2013
The annual compound growth rate by 2018 was 13.79 per cent, and the market for hepatitis drugs was more competitive. On the one hand, the average rate of the city where the drug was produced was 15.4 per cent from hospital channels, while the heater, represented by the pill, accounted for 10.8 per cent of the hospital channels and ranked first among the group.
On the other hand, according to retail channels, the market share of the whole hepatitis drug is 17.3%, ranking first among the top four drugs: Ntetcave, Ntetcave, Ramifdin, Adfuvet, all antiviral drugs for hepatitis, and they belong to the West.
For liver protection, most of the medications behind it are western and, in terms of efficacy, have been largely replaced by the previous ones, with little likelihood of large-scale future release. As a result, the future market share is more stable and difficult to replace.
(Note: In the area of hepatitis, we can also read our report on “China Biopharmaceuticals”, which is described in the “Yugoshu Specialized Edition”, while, in terms of the properties of the health-care products, the commercial properties of one of the “Thirty Treasures” are more inclined to a high-end consumer product, and are likely to become luxury goods in the health-care products in the future, as prices are expected to increase.
This is because it has a state-only, permanent, top secret formula, with no direct competition and a higher brand premium than Eastern Aquélégne’s competition pattern. On the basis of this analysis, the future medium- and long-term price increases are expected to be determined.
So, the most important question is whether this year will be a year of high prices, even if it is influenced by the pressure of rising raw materials, and future price increases will be inevitable. But, in what circumstances will it choose to increase prices?
In terms of the historical price increases, and in terms of an important data — the point of the price increases, generally limited to the same amount of total retail sales of social consumer goods (central and western drugs) of the enterprises above that level — we find, for example, through correlation tests, that the rate of increase and the relevance of the actual gdp increase to 0.93 is highly relevant.
We can broadly predict that the second half of 2019 may not raise the price. But a single method, after all, is limited, does not support this assumption.
By chance, it was harder to raise prices in 2019, according to your state's tabloid disclosure.
So, by cross-checking the above two ways, we assume that 2019 is more likely to be price-free. (When, however, the conclusion is merely to assume that there is no guarantee of accuracy, and that specific price-added information depends on research.)
So far, no price increases have been made in 2019, temporarily confirming our theory of a few months ago. From historical price increases, the price of the plant in 2017 was about $370 per grain, and from 2005 to date, the year-on-year compound of the terminal price is assumed to be at 2018, and the price of the original assumption remains unchanged – projected.
It is worth noting, however, that the lack of disclosure of detailed factory prices in this case makes modelling somewhat difficult. So here we use the vague values in the voucher study.
The financial sector, in follow-up to the disclosure, could further increase the level of detail about the disclosure of income structure in order to allow investors to follow and prejudge the long-term. Well, here we have an overview of future price movements – but only price increases.
It is not enough that the growth of future revenues can only be sustained if the prices rise. So, what is the future growth in sales?
The annual growth rate has remained at around 30%. The reasons for the faster growth in sales in the past few years have been twofold: first, to benefit from an upswing in consumption; and second, to upgrade the sales pattern.
To start with, consumption has increased. In 2006, and 2018, the number of high-value individuals with personal assets of more than $10 million increased from 180,000 to 1.98 million, in terms of the size of the main consumer group — the high net population — nearly a 10-fold increase, with an annual compound growth rate of 22 per cent.
As a result, along with the rising size of our high net population, it is expected that future sales of high-end luxury goods, such as Kuchi and Kuohai, will rise further. And look at the rising consumption patterns.
In 2014, as the new chairman of the board took office, marketing reforms began. One of the most important measures was the establishment of an experiential library in provincial capitals and major local municipalities.
It is carried out through an authorized cooperation model (equivalent to a cooperative distributor), with the company responsible for the supply and repair of shops, staff training, etc., while the cost of renovations, salaries, rents, etc. is borne by the partner.
This model, compared to the previous general distribution of otc, has the advantage of turning the sales drive from middle-channel to end-end consumer, increasing the connection with the end-user, and promoting the image of the film’s brand. From January 2015, when it opened its first experiential museum in Wui Mountain, it has contributed nearly 200 places.
Income accounts for 25 per cent of total income.
As the experience hall continues to expand, and branding promotion continues, its branding influence has expanded from its original focus on Fujian and Guangdong to Kyoto, the Long Triangle, and the two lake regions. As a result, sales have increased at a higher rate than 30% in the last three years.
In addition, the construction of the first half of the year has slowed down, and construction has been carried out mainly in the north and west of the country, for example in the Qingdong region, which has led to a decline in the volume of sales.
It will further increase the number of shops in first-line cities, increase the coverage in second- and third-line cities, and gradually increase, but according to the quarterly reports of the voucher dealers, the pharmaceutical industry has increased by 22.38 per cent over the previous three-quarters period, with the construction of the first-time study halls having begun to bear fruit; on the other hand, it is due to 2018.
For reasons such as the clean-up of pipeline stocks in the third quarter of the year, the volume of shipments was lower, resulting in a lower base figure.In summary, we adjust some of the assumptions -- 1) taking into account the faster and incidental increase in sales in the third quarter of 2019, which is expected to increase at a higher rate throughout the year.
There will be a slight decline. So, we assume that in 2019, the increase in sales and the increase in pharmaceutical industry operations (2) will be repaired gradually in 2020, and in the long run, taking into account the increase in the high net value of mature markets abroad, then return to the same rate as the increase in gdp year after year, so we also assume that the increase in future sales will also be the same.
We've been able to break down the income projections for each piece based on volume and price. But, this projection assumes two more important assumptions: price increases and future benefits from the continued opening of the experience halls.
At the same time, given the penetration rate of the present Xiaoyu Pavilion, the core region has largely completed the penetration of the Pavilion, and the future of the new Pavilion is largely concentrated in the undisclosed Xinjiang area. In some parts of the region, the positive effects of the future are low, owing to economic conditions, consumption perceptions, etc.
As a result, its future may not be able to continue to benefit from the new clients that will be generated by the new experience hall. In a conservative sense, we take a different approach to the sales of the film, as a result of a conservative income projection.
In order to expand the use of the drug, the film is actively involved in the secondary development of the drug. It focuses its publicity on the properties of the health-care products. On the basis of liver protection and liver protection, it also emphasizes the day-to-day health care applicable to the normal population, which can be used to improve the health of the saniya.
From this point of view, as the incremental space offered to it by the future Podium is becoming smaller and smaller, its future growth and long-term driving force may come from the growth in health care products, which, in terms of the per capita consumption of health goods in our country, is low, at one-eighth in the developed countries or regions.
1/6. In 2018, the per capita consumption of health goods was 117 yuan, compared to 767 yuan in Hong Kong, China, 662 yuan in Japan, and 924 yuan in the United States. The increase in per capita consumption was mainly due to two factors: an increase in penetration rates; and an increase in consumption by the purchasing population.
In terms of penetration rates, 60 per cent of health-care consumers are sticky users, i.e. they will continue to buy; Japan is also about 40 per cent; and our penetration rate is only 20 per cent, with only 10 per cent of sticky users.
In terms of per capita consumption, we are looking at Japan in the absence of data from the United States. The average annual consumption in Japan of health-care goods is $1655, while in Japan it is only $585, a third of Japan.
In 2018, the disposable income of our residents was $28,228, a level similar to that of the United States water in the 1970s. At the same time, our health-care penetration rate was similar to that of the United States in the 1970s. Thus, as the disposable income of our residents rises, our health-care penetration rate will also increase, with per capita consumption.
Therefore, we assume that by 2028, our per capita health-care consumption will reach a third in the United States, and therefore, because of future developments, we assume that the growth rate in 2019 will be consistent with that of the three-quarterly medical industry, followed by a reduction in the income growth generated by the Twilight Institute, 2020.
By now, we have completed income projections for two major businesses. So, how do we deal with its solar business and future income from the food industry?
1) See first the solarization business - the Queen's Queen's Queen's Queen's Queen's Queen's Queen's Queen's Queen's Queen's Queen's Queen's Queen's Queen's Queen's Queen's Queen's Queen's Queen's Queen's Queen's Queen's Queen's Queen's Queen's Queen's Queen's Queen's Queen's Queen's Queen's Queen's Queen's Queen's Queen's Quicken Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Qi Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Qi Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Qu Que Que Que Qu Qu Qu Qi Qi X X Qi X Qi X X X X Q Q Q Q Q Q Q X Q Q Q Q Q Q X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X
Increased promotion of toothpaste, which is in line with Yunnan's business, is based on a top-secret formula for branding the core, and continues to expand solarized explosives.
In terms of the historical growth of solarized operations, as a result of the expansion of sales under the “one nuclear wing” policy in 2018, there was a significant increase in the revenue from solarized operations, which reached 57 per cent in the same year.
In the first three quarters of 2019, it grew at a rate of 33.14%. In the absence of figures for the same period of the previous year, we could not tell how it has changed.
Therefore, we predict that, against the background of high input, the day-to-day business assumptions in this case will remain unchanged — maintaining the growth rate in 2018 over the next three years, then gradually dropping to the average industry growth rate. (2) Looking at health-care operations — given their volatility in operating income, but given their relative size — will continue.)
Small, with little impact on the overall income. So here we have a rough estimate that revenue from its health-care operations will remain at 2018 levels in the future. Big and small, so we don't adjust to projections.
The main operating income in this case has been assumed to be complete. But, is this forecast reliable? The average of nearly five years, in terms of the proportion of income reported in the three-quarters of history to total annual income, is about 73%.
The forecast for the drug circulation business is conservative, with no adjustment to the three-quarters rate. The forecast for net profit begins with a forecast for ebitda, and we split the forecast for ebitda rates into three major blocks: cost, management costs (including R & D), and sales costs.
First, the cost - combined Māori rate declined because, firstly, in 2017, the lower Māori income ratio increased as its new pharmaceutical sub-subsidiary started to operate; and secondly, the prices of raw materials, both musk and cow yellow, increased, while in 2018 the price did not rise, leading to a decline in Māori rates.
The future Māori ratio is also seen in the pharmaceutical industry because of the low ratio of Māori in the pharmaceutical business. Depending on the scarcity of key raw materials, musk and cow yolk, prices are more likely to rise in the future, and their price increases, as measured by price increases over the years, are likely to reduce the pressure on costs.
However, because of the expected future increase in the price of the prime raw material of the core product, the future of the cow and yellow, the rate of Maori is likely to fall before it arrives. Therefore, we have set up a scenario switch here.1 The optimistic assumption is that the future price increase of the plate will cover the cost increase due to the rise in the raw material, no.
Conservative assumption: Future price increases will remain low and cost increases will not be covered. As a result of (2) a second look at administrative costs, which mainly include employee remuneration, depreciation amortization, travel, etc., we calculate their R & D costs together into administrative costs.
In 2017, as a result of the acquisition of the pharmaceutical circulation company, there was a significant increase in income for the year and its management costs were lower than in the industry, and as a result of its small size, the cost of sales was significantly higher in terms of management costs than in the other 3) - the cost of sales consisted mainly of employee remuneration, promotion, marketing and advertising.
In contrast to industry, sales costs are lower because of the branding capacity of the Xiao Xiao Xiao Xiao, which is the smallest.
At the same time, let's look at the pull of sales costs on cash flows -- historical data show that the pull of sales costs on cash flows is mostly around 1.7. By contrast with the industry, the pull of sales costs on cash flows is about 1.7.
It should be strong, and it should be classified as a product, and its sales costs will have a stronger pull effect on cash flows than other brands. But they are lower than those in your state.
So the profit sheet forecast has been largely constructed, but there are two important subjects that have not been predicted, one for depreciation, the other for financial expenses -- and the other for predetermining depreciation, and we have to figure out one thing: the capital of this case, the museum, the farm base.
In 2016 - 2018, the capital expenditure was 160 million yuan, -70 million yuan and 200 million yuan, respectively, with a smaller total, and the asset structure showed that 3.48 per cent of the total assets in 2018 were fixed and productive.
The ratio of production to intangible assets is 0.19%, while the ratio of intangible assets is 1.82% and the ratio of long-term cost to be amortized is 0.47%, an adjustment for total capital. According to the three-quarterly report, there is no implication for capital expenditure.
Therefore, we make a reasonable assumption of capital expenditure: 1) because of the low share of fixed asset inputs in revenue collection, assuming that this share will remain on average for the next three years 2) because of the low share of productive biological assets in revenue collection, assuming that this share will remain on average for the next three years
3) As its intangible assets have grown less than disposal in recent years, it is assumed that they will not grow in the future. Intangible assets amortization/early-period intangibles share is the historical average of nearly three years. 4) Because long-term costs to be amortized mainly consist of fit-out costs, representation costs, etc., and their share is low.
The ratio is maintained at historical averages, long-term amortization/early long-term amortization costs, and 2018 levels. So, when the forecast of capital spending, depreciation amortization is completed, let’s look at another large variable in free cash flow calculations – the right to speak on the operating capital and the industrial chain – what is it?
In terms of operating capital, we see: 1) downstream voice rights - mainly receivables and receivables, advance receipts. For almost three years, the proportion of receivables collected has been declining.
By comparison with the industry, the share of receivables in the collection is at a lower level in the industry, suggesting that they fall downstream. But, given their volatility, we do not adjust to the original assumptions.
In terms of advance payments, the proportion of income received in advance is on the whole increasing. By contrast, the share of income in the industry is at the upper end of the spectrum.
Their share of income in advance was 0.74 per cent, a slight decrease from 1.18 per cent in the first half of 2018. The decline. However, in view of the marginal volatility, we also maintain the same assumption of upstream voice rights — the amount received in advance — mainly in terms of accounts payable and advances.
See, the rest of the year remained largely stable, except for the more significant increase in accounts payable in 2016. At the end of the period, the share of advance payments in costs was 3.84 per cent, a slight decrease from 7.79 per cent in the same period the previous year.
As a result, the reasonable assumption is maintained that the accounts payable and the proportion of the costs received in advance are maintained at historical averages, and that, when we're done with the right of voice, we look at how efficiently it operates — the stock turnover — which, from historical data, has been rising in recent years.
Material and inventory commodities, which correspond to the two main operations of the pharmaceutical industry and the pharmaceutical business, are being broken down to see which operations are increasing. By splitting, we find that the turnover of raw materials and inventory commodities has remained largely on the rise for the last three years.
However, the turnover rate of raw materials has increased even more, mainly because of the rapid increase in sales of raw materials as a result of the constant construction of the experience halls in recent years. In the first half of 2019, the turnover rate of raw materials was 0.93 and was close to 0.99 in the first half of 2018.
Given that the rate of expansion of the experience hall has slowed, coupled with the tight supply of its raw materials, it is unlikely that future stock turnover will continue to rise significantly. It is therefore reasonable to assume that the share of future inventory in costs will remain for almost three years, so that the core data required for this modelling is almost complete, and we are entering into specific financial modelling.
Before doing so, let's take a look at the basics of the case: 1) The rate of income growth and the differences between the health-care sector and the developed countries and regions (2018, health-care providers in our country)
The average consumption is $117, compared to $767 in Hong Kong, China, $662 in Japan, and $924 in the United States), and the future growth will be much closer to a health-care product and will therefore benefit from the growth of the health-care industry in my country, which will maintain at least 11 per cent annualization.
At the same time, the Opinion on Promoting the Innovative Development of the Transmission of Chinese Medicines, published in October 2019, states that, in order to improve the system of Chinese medicine services, the role of Chinese medicine in the preservation and promotion of the health of the population, it is important to promote the quality of Chinese medicine and the development of high-quality industries, as well as the transfer of Chinese medicine and the development of open innovation.
Without the influence of health insurance fees, and as a subset of consumption and luxury properties, the future development space remains a more income-driven factor: in the short term, the price increases are mainly made by viewing films, and the number of experience centres are opened: in the long term, the extent of convergence between the health-care industry and the developed world.
4) Core moats: Whether you like to believe that, in terms of the nature of the goods, the poo and Guizhou are classed and in luxury track. Sustained price increases are expected to be at the heart of the future fundamentals, brands + capacity, and its central moat. The price increases are annualized, roughly at the same rate as the food industry cpi increases.
With regard to brand moats, Buffett's moats are good, and the brand moats that keep raising prices are the real moats. So, in the future, we need to focus on directions similar to the previous East Aquariums, and see if price increases affect sales; and see if the channels and advertising incentives are sustainable.
5) Risk factors: The scarcity of raw materials, and whether the increase in the volume of core products will be a bottleneck, like Eastern Aquarium. 6) Extension: This report provides some analysis of the health-care sector, which brings to mind another company, Yu Qin Beken.
When you look at it here, a few of the main variables in the valuation modeling are already clear. When you assume it's done, the modelling is a water-to-water process. All of this is for the financial modelling table.
In summary, modelling was done through the Excel table, with a wacc yield of 9.46 per cent, a corresponding equity value of approximately $27.4 billion-75.1 billion and a corresponding p-ttm of 20-56 times. Finally, because the weighted average capital cost (wacc) and the constant rate of growth (g) were the thresholds for calculating the value and value of the enterprise.
Keys, therefore, the Wacc value may change as a result of the capital structure of the enterprise, and the parameters that investors use to calculate the wacc. So, we do a sensitivity analysis of the two factors, corresponding to the following data:
A hypothetical link, once a link is problematic, may result in a change in the geometry of the overall result – and, as a result, the calculation has to be cross-checked by multiple methods. How do the major companies compare with comparable methods?
First, from the historical range of the case, the valuation highs are mainly in the roe, the upswing, and the lows are in the case of equity disasters, the upswing, and the industry. Taken together, the history of the pe is 35-56 times higher.
And then we look at the historical pe valuation range of comparable companies: Sussen Valley — 40-66 times the historical pe; congenial pe — 36-53 times the historical pe;
Tung Ah-gung - 15-25 times the historical level; Kotsugang - 18-31 times the historical level; overall, the value of the gift, the high-end attributes of Su-Sen Valley, the congenial hall is higher, while the brand contains the drug Kotsugang,
In addition, we compare the historical pe valuation range of the Health Products Corporation: Tang Beachen - 25-30 times the historical pe;
h&h International Holdings — History pe 16-33; Blackmores — History pe 18-48; hlf — History pe 14-25.
In summary, because of their pharmaceutical properties, the valuation range is generally higher than that of health-care companies. So, under comparable company laws, we take 35-60 times the value of the pe range, and the corresponding equity value is about the sum of the conservative, optimistic data range for both methods:
The dcf method - equity value is $27.4 billion-75.1 billion, p-ttm 20-56 times: comparable company law - equity value is $40 billion-68.6 billion and p-ttm 35-60 times.
It is estimated, therefore, that this case is merely a matter of methodological discussion, and the specific data do not have any reference value and cannot support any decision, and to study it here, several of the main variables in the valuation modeling have been identified. When the hypothesis is resolved, the modelling is actually the process of water-to-dialization. All of the above is a table to measure the financial modelling.
In addition to the detailed valuation of some of the key companies, please purchase a prototype or a professional version of the report, using Yangjiang Power, Haikangway as an example.
The modeling part of the valuation is as follows: In the case of Yangtze Power, the balanced balance sheet projection sample: In the next professional and technical version of the report, we will address the following major issues in this case along these lines.
It is only by thinking clearly about these issues that this company can be fully understood, creating a logical circle. Many people think that by relying solely on industrial logic analysis, they can run through secondary markets -- but, in fact, if the two factors of valuation modelling and financial risk are not worked out, there will still be a huge disaster:
1) In the financial modelling process in this case, we compare a large number of comparable companies, and what are the differences between the data zones that we have, and whether there are any interesting points to think about? Are there any differences between large domestic and foreign companies? 2) are the combination relative valuations, absolute valuations, and are the resulting valuation ranges logical?
Where? If a sensitivity analysis is conducted, what is the impact of Wacc and the acceleration on the valuation?) This case is one of the most important in the industry chain — how is the choice of different methods in the modelling of valuations in this case? How should all financial projections be combined to form a closed link in the valuation modelling logic?
4) After the pre-opinion surges and crashes, many people may be in a state of panic and sleep -- so, what is the value of this case, whether it's expensive or cheap? Because of the details of the public report, there will be a conflict with the payer of the merger and purchase of the eugenic report, so that the merger team will have to order it.
The user’s demand for the report is no longer free of charge, and some of it is gradually trying to pay for it. A reasonable price for the good product is a way to make the world a better place – a cost that will help us to add more investment elites from the world’s top universities, and to buy more from the global elite.
If you are interested in the value section of this case, as well as more other cases, you can scan the lower two-dimensional code, get details of the valuation modelling of this case, and the possible financial risks involved.
It's all about financial analysis, industrial research, and content, and it's only for reference and not for support.
No form of decision-making supports any form of investment proposal. This paper is based on public corporate attributes, is organized according to its laws, and does not endorse changes in the future, nor does it support any changes in the future. We seek to be accurate, but do not guarantee its completeness, accuracy, timeliness.
There are risks and research needs to be careful. 3) With regard to the theme: Financial modelling reports are very voluminous, covering only some of the priority industries and cases, and do not ensure that all the cases you need are covered. 4) With regard to the platform: all elements of the elite team are exported only to the micro-trust platform, are not responsible for any other platform content, and we reserve the right of legal recourse for counterfeiting and violating platforms.