Intelligent transformation power, 21h1 performance continues to exceed expectations of 2021q2 collection/repatriation.
Net profits grew by 34.17 per cent/37.86 per cent, respectively, and continued to exceed market expectations, mainly as a result of a rapid downstream recovery of demand and adjustment of the tax refund process.
The 20h1 performance base is low, the corporate intelligent transformation continues to materialize, and the growth rate of operations per 21h1 has increased significantly: pbg achieved $7,717 million, a 29.31 per cent increase, and is expected to remain stable in the context of the deepening of urban-level projects.
Growth: The ebg operation generated $7,219 million, an increase of 22.07 per cent over the same period. Given that the country ' s labour costs have continued to rise, the business digitalization transition has become an inevitable trend, and it is expected that the ebg operation will remain the main growth pole of the company, sustaining rapid growth; the smbg business reality
With current revenues of $6,174 million, an increase of 105.8 per cent over the previous year, small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) affected more by the epidemic and the macro-level environment, operations still have some scope for repair; overseas operations received 9,467 million, or 16 per cent.
The supply chain has remained stable, the vanguard advantage has been highlighted by the rise in raw materials prices and exchange gains, and the company’s Māori rate of 21q2 has stabilized at 45.94%, with a small decline of 0.88 ptt.
The company ' s Māori stock for the next two years is expected to be $15.95 billion, owing to the steady trend in raw materials and renminbi prices; the company ' s relatively high bargaining power remains in the context of upstream supply constraints, with an unprecedented net cash inflow of $1.963 billion for 21H1 operations.
In our view, the company is expected to further increase its market share by maintaining a high supply capacity and bargaining power, with the vanguard advantage. Increasing R & D investment on a continuous basis, and the rapid development of the innovation business 21h1 R & D expenditure
The cost of R & D has risen further to 11.44 per cent. We believe that companies have continued to increase their R & D investment, and that innovation has become a new engine for growth in their performance: in the case of the fluorescent business, the company combines smart hardware with the fluorescent cloud to provide more value-added services to its clients.
There is a larger growth space for smart households, such as cameras, smart controls, and service robots. In machine visuals, companies focus on industrial cameras, filling the technological gap in the country, and are expected to benefit from the double dividend of industry growth and national production substitution.
The investment proposal takes into account that downstream demand recovery is better than expected, and we make a small increase in profits.
38.34 times. The company, as a champion of security, has maintained a stable supply and bargaining power, and its market share is expected to increase further; it has increased its investment in research and development for innovative business development.
To enjoy the double dividend of aiot industry growth and national production substitution and maintain a “recommended” rating. Heconway: 21q1 performance exceeded expectations, intelligently transformed into a commitment to produce this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects his research views.
There is no, present, or future direct or indirect relevance to the specific recommendations or perspectives of this report. Macro-level grasping, top-down mining of the different links in the chain, investment opportunities that exist in different industries; and deep understanding of the industry’s climate and changes in the chain of industry, are better placed to grasp the marginal changes and cyclical tipping points: to tap potential investment targets from a unique perspective.