The company's 002415, the performance growth is higher than expected, and innovation opens up a pattern of innovation - the semi-annual report of 002415.sz in 2021.
During the first half of the year, operating income and net return earnings increased by 40 per cent, with performance expectations for the supermarket 33.902 billion yuan, or 39.68 per cent, in the first half of 2021; this decreased by 3.46 percentage points, mainly because of the high infra-red fever caused by the epidemic during the same period the previous year.
Like the boom in product sales, pushing up the Māori rate; companies increasing their returns, improving the quality of their operations, and operating cash flows; three big bgs of power: the low base increases, the high base increases steadily, and the share of innovative business increases further; by industry groups, the low base effect of pbg and smbg highlights the robust growth of the ebg base.
One hundred million yuan, an increase of 2,207 per cent in the same year, and three) smgg, an increase of 6,174 million yuan in the same year, an increase of 105.80 per cent in the same year; by region, parts of the overseas countries and regions are affected by the epidemic.
RMB, 46.06 per cent over the same period; 2) offshore revenue of RMB 9,467 million, 25.53 per cent over the same period. Quarterly reviews in 2021: one quarterly report is over-expected, artificial intelligence plus looking ahead, pbg is growing robustly and ebg continues to play an important catalytic role
Rapid landings 2021.04.19 There is still some pressure on government budgets, but the number of city-level projects continues to grow, with increasing content.
Rich, and companies are increasingly involved. We believe that the most difficult period for pbg may have passed, and that the industry may still be able to achieve 20.15% growth in 2020 (h1, ebg), the most affected by the epidemic.
Consistent with our judgement about the continuous and steady release of business-side digital transformation needs. We believe that the future army ebg is expected to maintain a 20% or more growth rate and become an important driving force for firm robust development.
On the new business side, the high growth trend in such operations as fluorescent stones, robots, etc., is expected to rise further in the future. Companies provide video-centred smartness networking solutions and big data services to users around the world, with full advantages in terms of technology, products, and solutions, and have wide potential for future growth.
Chen Tunan's ebg business industry has a larger and more rapidly growing space; innovation is growing rapidly, the flu is growing rapidly, the new coronary pneumonia epidemic is recurring; the demand for the digital transformation of the enterprise is not released as expected; and the overseas market is not expanding as fast as possible.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, produces the present report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.