The company issued an advance notice of its performance, which is expected to result in a higher change in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies in 2018.
The company expects to return net profit to its mother for the entire year 2018 of $580 million to $630 million, mainly because it has effectively reduced its operating costs through strict cost controls, effective implementation of streamlined management, continuous upgrading of internal business management and smart manufacturing, and continuous release of superior productive capacity. This is to arrive at a single profit of $150-200 million in the fourth quarter, which is higher than in the third quarter.
In our view, this performance has been revised to reflect the company’s profit from a four-quarter price of photovoltage silicon.
The improvement in capacity is evident, and one-quarter profit increases (002129): the impact of rising costs, compared to three quarters of the price of photovoltaic silicone, which is higher than four quarters of the price, indicate that the company’s output release and downswing efficiency gains are moving in a better direction. And, we expect, Tianjin is half-way.
The profits have increased, and the large silicon contributions are expected, and the silicon silicons have contributed significantly in the last four quarters.
Silicon tablets are priced for future performance (I): Dreams are being created, and recently, Polyclinic shares and Central Ring shares have increased the price of multiple silicone tablets and single crystal silicon tablets respectively.
The sale price of silicon is raised from 3.1 to 3.25 and the sale price of multiple crystal silicon is increased from 2.05 to 2.05.
By $2.15, the price of the industrial chain has begun to rebound steadily, and we believe that the domestic price of electricity, the size of subsidies and the domestic market have not yet been fully activated, but that the demand for overseas markets is strong, and that orders from single crystalline silicone firms were saturated or even in short supply in February, prompting the central circuit to come up with a single crystal.
Silicon prices, which are expected to continue in the future, will gradually be eliminated as a result of the fall in prices in the previous period as a result of the 531 policy, and single crystal silicon prices will return to a reasonable profit zone, excluding further price increases due to tight supply and demand of silicon in the second quarter. This price increase of 0.15 yuan per piece would raise the net interest rate by about 4 percentage points, which we can calculate.
The company plans to raise up to RMB5 billion for the 8-12 inch semiconductor silicon silicon project.
The molten silicon monocrystal technology has been industrialized, and the silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon in 8 inches has been produced in the interior. 8-12 inches of semiconductor straight single crystals have been built, the manufacturing centre has expanded its large diameter and single crystal capacity, and the 12 inches of crystals have entered the process evaluation phase.
In Tianjin, 8 inch, 300,000 tablets/multicular capacity has been produced in three quarters, and in 2019, 750,000 tins/mural capacity will be released gradually. The 12-inch test line will be operational by the end of 2018. Future performance will be two-wheeled with 29.4x, 17.6x and 12.8x, taking into account the company’s leading position in solar monochromatics, in semiconductors.
Risk of falling prices in the photovoltage chain; semiconductor silicon output releasing less risk than expected; future price of large silicon tablets; Institute sales team; Voice of Chow
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.