The company issued an announcement, and at the nineteenth meeting of its fifth board, it considered the adoption of a bill on the company’s non-public distribution of a stock in 2019. The company’s current non-public distribution of stocks does not exceed 20% of the total equity before the issuance, with billions for the 8-12 inch semiconductor silicon silicon project and the remaining $500 million for the replenishment.
After the launch of this project, the production of 8 inches of silicon will increase further, and the production of 12 inches of silicon will be achieved. The silicon monocrystal technology has been industrialized in the metropolitan area, and the silicon silicon in the 8 inch area will be produced.
8-12 inches of semiconductor straight single-line crystal development and expansion of large diameter and single-crystal capacity at manufacturing centres, 12 inches of crystals in the process evaluation phase.
Optimizing the corporate capital structure, reducing financial risk, profit growth, looking forward to large silicon contributions, performance 2018-08-24.
The semiconductor industry is a capital-intensive industry, and with the introduction of semiconductor large silicon in recent years, the company's share of the capital is in the middle ring (I): Keep writing the luminous dream.
At the same time, when this issue is complete, the company's total equity will be increased by the ring “core” of 2018-11-30, which represents no less than 22.96% of the company's total equity, and will remain a controlling shareholder of the company.
The policy for the silica industry is sustainable, the goal of a clean alternative to new energy sources remains unchanged for the long term, and the chains of the silicon, silicon, silicon, and silicon are hit hard after the New Deal of 5.31.
The “11.2” meeting of the Energy Bureau proposed a significant increase in the 13th Five-Year Plan, and the determination of the State to support private enterprise development, which is a concentration of private enterprises, in line with the national development strategy, should be 29.4 x, 17.6 x and 12.8 x, taking into account the company's leadership in the solar monochrystal field and its semi-direction.
The risk of further price declines in the photovoltaic chain; the semiconductor silicon output releasing less than expected; and the risk of falling prices of silicon in the future.
Xu Jialine, author of the report, who has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.