The public plans to make strategic investments in companies, and when the investments are completed they will hold 26.47% of the company's equity and become public.
The Department's first major shareholder; the parties will work together strategically on battery operations to enhance operational synergies; maintain the increase in public access to the stockholding rate of 26.47 per cent: on May 28, the Ministry issued a public announcement stating that the public intended to make strategic investments in the company, i.e., the shareholders in the company's controlling stock, Chuhai and the actual control of the company's holdings.
Li Xing, the producer, transferred 56.47 million shares, or 5 per cent of the total stock of the company, to the People's Republic of China; the second is that the Ministry of Finance has targeted the People's Republic of China for distribution no more than 30 per cent of the total equity, taking into account the possibility of transferring the debt to China and less than 6 billion yuan) for the industrialization of the 16gwhh-year high-energy lithium battery.
After the completion of the strategic investment, the popular China will take control of the company without any immediate change: the shareholder agreement provides that the popular China will give up the share of the company's share rights irrevocably for 36 months or more after the completion of the investment.
After the investment is completed, Li Jing will remain in the company’s actual control. Strategic cooperation in the battery business is expected to enhance operational synergies: strategic investment is completed.
After that, the company and the popular China will cooperate on battery products (including but not limited to core, modules, whole packages or electrode materials, etc.) based on the long-term strategic objectives of the two sides, to upgrade the company ' s core competitiveness and overall performance in the field of new energy-source battery operations, and to leverage new energy power. ]
Based on the company's annual report of 2019, its quarterly report of 2020, and its industry and companies' latest developments, it is estimated that the market price collected on 28 May 2020 will be used as a criterion for the company's current stock capital.
Non-standard audit report risks; the impact of the new crown epidemic over-expected; the risk of public acquisition approval; the under-required demand for cars from Sino-Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. and market openings; and price competition over-expected.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations