(a) Mass China received US$24.9/stocks from Li Xing and Joohai Xiao Xing at US$56 million (what is the current price per share, and no more than 30 per cent of the pre-issuance stock is distributed to the People's Republic of China in a non-public manner)
Investment in the 16gwh lithium battery project, the 30,000-ton nickel-high orthodoxy material project and the replenishment of liquidity; 4) waiver of partial voting rights within 36 months of the popular Chinese shareholding, with guaranteed voting rights of less than 5 per cent of the founding shareholders.
Mass motor powering is clear. Battery suppliers in the breeding system are becoming necessary, with 1,097,000 cars sold by the public in 2019, a 1.3 per cent increase in the same year, the world's number one, full-mass transformation electricization, with a plan to invest 60 billion euros in mixing between 2020 and 2024.
In 50 kwh, the battery demand reached 137gwh, much more than the current battery industry can. In order to stabilize its own battery supply or enhance its bargaining power, the public needs to nurture the beneficial public investment, and the expected long-term profitability of the high school is improving.
Corporate power cell technology has accumulated in depth, with lithium cell energy density of 190wh/kg; triple battery capacity.
At the right time to go to the sea, 2020.02.03 and 30,000 tons of high nickel material are positive. If the public succeeds in the future, the country will probably enter the mass car supply chain at a high rate, which is expected to become a source of income for the public, and the volume and profitability of the company will be raised significantly in the future.
Short-term power cell patterns do not affect much, and if future battery technology stops, most of the cars with a big background build up deep at the bms, pack level, but lack core and material forward R & D and mass capacity; vehicle entry into the battery industry can offer some degree of downstream synergy, but product research.
Now, a team of companies in the Ningde era, lig chemistry, and pine, maintain at least one to three years of R & D and cost advantages with second-line battery companies, short-term power cell patterns have little impact, and if future battery technology reaches the bottleneck stage, second-line battery product technology will catch up.
The market share of battery companies supported by car giants will increase significantly. Battery capacity is 70%, sales are 90%, battery prices are 0.61/wh, net interest rate is 9.5%, and corporate battery business profits are 1.39 billion yuan; high nickel material is assumed to be fully produced and sold.
The net single-ton gain of $15,000, with a positive material profit of $450 million, an overall profit of $1.84 billion, a 25-fold valuation of the company’s performance in 2023, a market value of $46 billion, and a “buy-in” rating. Sales are not as high as expected, power cell expansion is not as fast as expected, power cell prices are falling too fast, technology is falling.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.