Chinese life (601628.sh/2628.hk)
In terms of premiums, overall growth was robust in the first half of the year, restoring the pessimism of negative growth at the beginning of the year. From the background of the rising state-of-the-state rate of urban occupancy, the strong logic of the strong was confirmed, and the company-to-market ratio was high in the future.
Performance is largely in line with expectations: Chinese life reports are published for six months, net profits are realized in the first half of 2018 164 better than the industry (a negative increase in industrial premiums in the first half of the year), and the total market share is raised by 2.3 pct to 22.0% compared to the beginning of the year, reflecting the robust nature of large insurance ventures. The premium is 235.2 billion and yoy is 30.3% higher, although the rate of renewal is 30.3%.
In the context of strong regulation, the new bill is still under pressure, with yoy dropping by 24.3%, with $125.3 billion recorded. Companies are under pressure, with insurance payments reduced by $51.2 billion in the first half of the year.
Seventy-six per cent increase by 10 pct over the same period last year. The policy continues at an increase of 92.3 per cent for 14 months, the product portfolio increases the allocation of long-term bonds, the net return on investment is robust, and market volatility slows overall return on investment:
At the end of the year, total investment assets grew by 4.6 to 2.7 trillion more than at the end of the year.
China's life includes 76,922 million dollars, an increase of 4.8 per cent from the beginning of the year, a relatively slow increase: on the one hand, the decline in the contribution of new business values in the context of new monolithic pressures and, on the other, the return to investment.
Traditional risk companies focus on wind management, have limited impact, and are more competitively competitive when accompanied by an optimal competitive environment in the industry. With insurance industry number 134, there are a series of restrictions on all-embracing and co-incursions, leading product design back to the insurance source, and encouraging periodic and life-long life insurance.
The competitive advantage of China’s life itself, which is focused on long-term and barrier-free insurance products, will become more apparent, and future city-to-market rates are expected to rise further. Profit predictions and investment proposals: the insurance stock is at the bottom of history, and China is now at the bottom of its stock-price-adjusted valuation.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not made by individual clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.