Medical Health Research Centre Purchased (first rating) Crop/cdmo International Lump, Integrated Pharmaceutical Enabling Platform
Cro and cmo benefited from a double increase in R & D expenditure + outsourcing ratio. 1) Global expenditure on pharmaceutical research and development amounted to $110.8 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $140 billion by 2020, and the market capacity of the pharmaceutical outsourcing services sector will expand further. 2) Global cost of R & D investment in pharmaceutical enterprises is higher,
With the length of the R & D cycle, reduced R & D success rates, higher production costs and the demand for global supply chain layout, China is the only country in the world that is truly competitive. 1) China is the only country that can provide a large number of highly qualified engineers, with a more than 50% increase in timeliness. 2) China ' s large patient base can be.
A significant increase in patient group efficiency, more effective clinical research and development, and a gradual increase in investment in China by leading international pharmaceutical companies. Changes in domestic policy margins raise the competitive edge of the industry. 1) China’s accelerated approval of beds, improved market access and the fall of mah policies, and increased industrial ceilings and shifts
2) China’s technological reserves, quality systems and management capabilities have become available to take high global standards of orders, gradually replacing them. Market regulations have a clear advantage. Industry has a clear pre-emptive advantage because of its high reliance on customer confidence; small businesses have moved away as the industry has improved and industry standards have improved.
Step-by-step exit, increased concentration of industry, and leading firms are now taking steps to measure prices. Pharmacén Condé is the leader of the cro, cdmo industry in the chain layout of the whole industry. 1) Integrated enabling tablet: companies have an integrated service model and an open platform model, and new medicines have been created to develop the industry as a whole.
Chain service platforms that provide the basis for continuous development of the discovery, development and production of small molecular chemicals in all their aspects, integrated platform uniforms, while also increasing client stickability and increasing project profitability, have truly achieved the purpose of “enabling innovation”. 2) Talent advantage + innovative business models.
The first “risk-sharing” model helps attract more clients to work together, raises the level of Maori, and is a reflection of the company’s technological strength and industry chain. 3) Corporate returns on investment are sustainable: alliances.
Companies focus on cutting-edge technological development, targeting their investment operations towards sustainability goals, providing an expanding platform for the construction of medical ecosystems through their own professional vision. 4) Corporate technological, productive and project reserves rank first in terms of quantity and quality, and combined factor advantages guarantee long-term growth.
Wang Jianli  Unblocking risks, risks from staff departures, monitoring risks, ip protection risks, investment risks, foreign exchange risks.  Increasing R & D production inputs, higher outsourcing rates, transfer of global production capacity to China, three core elements
As a result of the long cycle of pharmaceutical research and development, higher costs and lower success rates, pharmaceutical companies outsource their R & D and production components to professional coro and cmo/cdmo companies is a major trend in the pharmaceutical industry.
Technology startup companies and virtual pharmaceutical companies are becoming important driving forces in the global pharmaceutical market, and their demand for outsourcing of pharmaceutical R & D production is becoming stronger, and, taken together, the dependence of global pharmaceutical companies on cro, cdmo will grow.
China is the only country in the world that can provide a large number of highly qualified engineers, and its hard work can significantly improve the efficiency of research and development and clinical work, increasing the timeliness by more than 50 per cent. 2) China ' s vast patient base is the second largest pharmaceutical market in the world.
Potential, markets to which both international and domestic pharmaceutical companies must attach importance, and in the future we can expect that good domestic and foreign pharmaceutical companies will gradually increase their investment in China. A large patient base can significantly increase the patient’s grouping efficiency and clinical research and development efficiency.
Changes in domestic policy margins have increased the competitive edge of the industry. 1) The acceleration of clinical clearance in China, the increase in market access and the location of the mah policy, with an increasing number of overseas and domestic firms increasing clinical research
Inputs to increase the speed of industrial ceilings and cash flow conversions. 2) As foreign investment strengthens Chinese market investment and foreign investment accelerates entry into China, the penetration rate of medical research and development outsourcing increases, and the market space for medical research and development is constantly increasing. 3) China ' s technological reserves, quality systems and management capabilities are already in place for Chinese enterprises.
As the demand for new medicines in the country continues to grow, as policies such as evaluation of consistency and international competitiveness of domestic boroughs improve, our industry is expected to grow at a compound annual rate of 17-21 years.
For 20.3%, the market size will reach $116.5 billion by 2021. For cmo/cdmo, which has benefited from global industrial transfer, the catalyticization of domestic policies (especially the mah policy), and the strengthening of the capacity of firms to compete internationally, the market is expected to be complex annually in our cmo/cdmo in 2017-2021.
Formalization and integration are the trends in the industry, with leading companies benefiting the most. After more than a decade of rapid development, it is clear that the country’s crón is divided, on the one hand, the industry’s small crón, which earns less than 5 million a year, is still dominated and its concentration is still low; on the other hand, some cro
In an era of increased investment in pharmaceutical research and development, where the variety is dominant, pharmaceutical companies are more inclined to develop expertise and high-quality customer resources, and can work more quickly with integrated, large-scale cro collaborations that enhance R & D progress and efficiency.
Enterprises that provide a single-stage pharmaceutical research and development service cannot meet the needs of pharmaceutical companies in the whole industry chain. So we think that we can continuously expand the industrial chain upstream and downstream around the needs of customers by providing them with a comprehensive and integrated new drug research through self-established, cooperative or extended mergers and acquisitions.
The leading firms in developing, developing, and producing types of services will be the biggest winners in the development of regulated, integrated industries. The corporate sector is the cro, cdmo, industry leader in the whole industry chain: the company is the largest and the largest in the country.
The platform’s technological leadership, high-quality clients, human resource-rich cro and cmo/cdmo leaders have benefited fully in the context of an era of high industry.
The service model and the open platform model have created a whole industry chain service platform for the development and development of new medicines, serving the discovery, development and production of small molecular chemicals in all their aspects and in an integrated platform, increasing customer stickyness while also increasing project profitability and achieving the goal of “empowerment innovation”.
Projects, 13 projects in the current period in commercial production; business development at the United States Cell and Genetic Therapy Base Rapidly carried out the development of 24 clinical stage projects and 7 clinical stage projects: completed receipt and purchase of United States clinical coresearchpointglobal to build international multi-centre clinical research services
Li. China has more than 1,500 clinical coordinators, providing clinical centre management services to 600 hospitals in nearly 100 cities, more than 800 new clients in the first half of 2018, the number of innovative medicines and generics in China, the growing number of Chinese clients with global initiatives and the choice of China and America.
Talent advantage + innovative business models provide the basis for sustained development: from the professional level of managers to the ratio of scientists, there is a great advantage in the drug’s mind-boggling. Those who truly know medicine are managing companies, those who are real professionals are doing professional work, and a good environment will continue to attract new and advanced talent as a result of positive feedback.
The first “risk-sharing” model helps to raise the level of Maori to attract more client cooperation, and is a reflection of the strength of the drug, the Kantt technology, and the industrial chain. It also increases market competitiveness through investment in long-tail customers.
• Sustainability of corporate investment earnings: Associated companies focus on cutting-edge technology development, investing in business, targeting sustainability goals, providing an expanding platform through their own professional vision, and constructing medical ecosystems.
The funnds make venture investments in start-up companies in the medical and pharmaceutical industry, and the point of investment is mainly in seed phase/early round financing. By the first half of 2018, 44 companies were invested, including innovation biotechnology, artificial intelligence, transformative technology, health care information technology, and health-care services.
A cumulative investment of about $239 million in Pharmacy Condé and a total gain of $61.6 million in sales from seven start-up companies with a total investment of $28 million, with an absolute rate of return on the international leader of the pharmaceutical research and development service, cro+cdmo
An integrated and open research and development service platform for small-molecular drugs.
Having 26 research and development bases/branches worldwide, including Shanghai, Suzhou, Tianjin, Wuhan, Changzhou and Philadelphia, São Paulo, Atlanta, Santiago, Munich, Germany, with new medicines for small molecular chemical enterprises of different sizes, types, stages of development, etc.
The ability to develop different services across the chain of industries and to target the continued global absorption of new technologies, new talent, keeping pace with industry trends, and upgrading their own capacity to serve. To date, Pharmacy Condé has provided R&D services to more than 3,000 clients worldwide, mainly clients.
A technology platform with the capacity to integrate services, with a comprehensive business coverage area, can provide both a phased service to clients and a full range of services to clients from the discovery of compounds to the listing of final drugs.
By December 31, 2017, the company was working on more than 1,000 new drug development projects for its clients and, in conjunction with it, supported or carried the production of small molecular chemicals in more than 200 beds i-ii, more than 30 clinical ii and commercialization phases of a number of well-known pharmaceutical companies around the world, including Pfizer, Relai and Mercado.
Pharmacy has created a unique industry model of integrated services and open platforms, and has witnessed changes in small molecular medicine research and development around the world. Over the past 10 years, starting with a chemical service laboratory of only 650 square metres at its inception, companies have been established to adhere to the highest international standards of quality regulation.
Integrated service capacity and technology from drug discovery to pre-clinical development, clinical trials and small molecular chemicals production throughout the new drug development process, rapidly growing into an integrated new drug development service platform covering the entire industry chain in the global field of pharmaceutical research and development.
From the point of view of the industrial chain, the drug Myung Conde provides drug contract research and development services (contractresearchorgazione, cro) and contract production services (contractdedevelopmentmanufactureorganization) mainly for the development and production of small molecular drug chains.
The main lines of business include the Chinese district cri service, the United States district cro service, and the small fraction cmo/cdmo.
After the commercialization phase, and in order to guarantee the quality stability of the drug and its sustainability and availability, customers tend to continue their previous cooperative relationship, increasing the company’s access to cmo/cdmo production orders.
Reliable long-term strategic partnerships for sustained and stable growth of corporate business.
(a) Clinical research and development
Expanding the capacity of clinical operations and strengthening the platform ' s team of the largest chemists in the world to enable the discovery of drugs required: • Assessing the feasibility of new drug targets
I-iv clinical trial service High flux screening of active compounds International Multi-Centre Synchronous Clinical Research Service
• Detection of lead compounds and clinical candidate drugs • image analysis, synthetic route design and optimization • high flux extraction, separation and structural identification
In vitro screening and animal modelling experiments Platform for chemical pharmaceutical production that adheres to the highest global standards of quality regulation and meets various drug surrogate dynamics, pharmacology, toxicology, safe pharmacology experiments, from pre-clinical to commercial production
Central laboratory services under various high-quality standards to develop control strategies for the registration of raw materials, high-level intermediates and raw materials.
• Synthetic route design and process optimization, development and scaling-up of raw materials at pre-clinical and clinical stages Laboratory and test-scale production, formulation formulation studies Rapidly following the latest treatment technology: United States-based Department of Advanced Therapy, providing medical instrumentation services for cell, gene therapy, integrated services from development to commercial production
China District Laboratories Service  US District Laboratories Service Clinical co-services
The company splits up according to the business plate into four lines of operations: the China district laboratory service, the US district laboratory service, clinical research and other cro services, the small molecule new drug process development and the production of cmo/cdmo operations.
Figure 3: Disaggregated corporate business units China District Laboratory Services: Provision of global client services for the development and synthesis of compounds covering a variety of target and disease areas, including targeting validation, detection of active compounds to lead compounds, piloting
The combination optimizes the discovery and synthesis of pre-clinical candidate drugs, as well as a range of related operations, such as drug metabolic dynamics and toxicology, bioanalytics and testing services, to help China Pharmaceuticals develop new drugs such as small molecules, and to provide one-stop research and development services targeting ind declarations. The company is the largest in Asia.
Large pre-clinical safety evaluation platform, conducted several times through the drug authority, fda and oecd's glp review, was re-certified by oecdglp in the first half of 2018. With the largest and most experienced chemical research and development team in the world, there are approximately 6,000 chemists.
Assisting clients in the development of major pharmaceutical products, many of the new drugs have been identified by the U.S. for breakthrough therapy, orphan drug eligibility, and the U.S. fda Fast Track. 8 projects completed clinical trial (ind) declarations in 2015-2017, accounting for about 16% of new drug declarations in the country.
In addition, the company has established a dna coded combination library to enhance the platform’s ability to screen for new medicines. US District Laboratory Services: in the United States, the company is mainly through its fully-owned subsidiary, apptec.
Appliedtec (Pharma Condé America) runs laboratories in Philadelphia, São Paulo and Atlanta, the United States of America, focusing on operational areas such as medical equipment testing services, precision medical research and development services abroad, and targeting pharmaceutical companies, scientific institutions and medical devices.
Business needs, mainly to provide U.S. clients with R & D production services covering production and testing of integrated services, copying the cdmo model in cellular, gene therapy. Companies not only have breakthrough technology and product production, such as car-t, tcr, cancer immunization, etc., but also have gland-related diseases.
Toxics (aav), slow viruses (lenti-virus) carrier production platforms. In addition, 15,000 square metres of new research and development laboratories and gmp production plants in Philadelphia, United States of America, are being put into operation. 1.97%. The main reason for the decline in revenues from laboratory services in the United States region is the following: first, medical equipment inspections.
Second, as a result of the acquisition of a major client, a change in the detection outsourcing strategy and the completion of a one-time, short-term, large-scale project over the same period last year, revenues fell at the same time. Second, precision medical operations were in a capacity-building phase, fixed-asset investments and human inputs increased significantly, and profits fell in the short-term, but the fast-track business declined.
During the period of rapid development, services are being provided for 24 clinical projects and 7 clinical projects, and subsequent earnings and profits are expected to accelerate as precision medical projects, such as cellular therapy, progress towards the release of company capacity and project growth.
Clinical research and other crón services: mainly technical services for clinical trials from  to iv, data management, statistical analysis, registration declarations, clinical coordination, crón support services. The company is committed to building an international multi-centre clinical trial service capacity, enabling new drugs in the country to “go out” and new drugs abroad to “lead out”
Come in) to provide clinical research support to clients at all stages of clinical trials of new medicines, including clinical trial programme design, monitoring and data analysis services, fda, conda ' s new drug government declaration process (cds operations), clinical coordination and on-site management services (smo services).
Over 1,500 crcs, providing clinical centre management services in 600 hospitals in nearly 100 cities throughout the country.
Check that 16 have been successfully reviewed, of which 14 have received an Nda certificate. Figure 10 2015-2017: Revenue from clinical coro services (millions of yuan) for the development and production of cmo/cdmo operations for small molecules: mainly through corporate holding subsidiaries
The whole industry has one of the largest and most research and development teams in the country that can provide clients with integrated services for new drug intermediates, raw material medicines and preparations from pre-clinical process development to commercial production.
Open and integrated research and development services platform Corporate human resources are rich, management team is a leading industry, the cro industry is a sub-sector in health services, and people play a vital role in the industry.
Dr. Li Ge, the Department’s actual controller, is one of the leading drug-outsourcing industry leaders, and the success of the drug’s Ming Condé and the drug-students continues to be evidence of their visionary strategic vision and excellent managerial competence. Dr. Li Ge is a doctor of organic chemistry from Colombia, leading global expert in the field of drug synthesis.
After the restructuring of the 2015 privatization, the share of Pharmacy Conde and its co-activists was 31.03%. Dr. Li Ge was also a drug-sensitized creature, drug-smuggling drug, in addition to the drug-commodity-cro and cmo services.
Dr. Lig was able to provide the greatest assistance to listed companies in terms of professionalism and the breadth of resources.
With the exception of Dr. Li Ge, members of the company’s other management teams have been in the pharmaceutical industry’s front line or in large international enterprises, with outstanding industry experience in their respective fields of specialization.
They are recognized by professionals in the industry, as well as by Dr. 600 + Dr. Hae-kyu, who has a knowledge of the management team and the corporate culture of the drug industry. Condé has created a positive cycle of brain inhalation, which means, “Truly know medicine, know management.”
Companies made by people constantly attract people who know medicine, who know how to manage it.” Figure 15: New drug research and development systems for scientists, high-quality fast-tracking of projects
• In the area of research and development of new medicines, the drug’s internal system is well developed, operating efficiently and with clear core advantages. Companies have invested heavily in quality standards control, talent development, internationalization of research and development management teams, autonomous research and development, not only with many national and international quality certifications, but also with a large number of patented trademark copyrights.
The company also acquired a large number of high-quality new drug research and development talent, eventually reflected in the quality of the new drug research and development project. In 2012, the company established the National Drug Research and Development Service to explore research and development services for pharmaceutical companies in China’s mainland that offer 1.1 small molecular chemicals.
As a result, approximately 12 new 1.1 types of medicines have been successfully advanced to the clinical stage.
Establishment of an internal "cademies of managers" in the areas of vocational training, pilot training, occupational safety training, etc.; development of field-based, field-based projects; and development of human resources.
Rapid knowledge transformation, upgrading of project management capacity, strengthening of the corporate culture Promotion of the optimization of the talent mobility system and internal promotion system, tin-free medicine (2014)
glp, gmp/cgmp, gcp, etc. 2 drug glp certificate: Suzhou Pharmacy (2010, 2012)
23 laboratory certifications and licencesaalac full certifications, 2009 and 2012
The Cfda Institute of Higher Studies “Regulating the Analysis of Biospecies in Clinical Trials” training programme was a demonstration site for on-site teaching.
The first firm to support approved innovations since the launch of the site, the new drug Ming Condé, is led by the National Department for the Development and Development of New Medicines.
By December 2017, pre-clinical research had been completed on 30 new drug projects.
As of December 2017, 12 new drug projects had been approved for clinical study by the cfda trial, while the rest were on track to submit the ind declaration material. dozens of autonomous research and development projects are under way for new drug students
Production process research and technological upgrading, preparation pathways for key intermediates and process studies, process studies to increase the production rate of raw materials 247 registered trademarks (167 in-country and 80 outside-country) 144
Patents, 14 domestic-level software copyrights 16,000 scientists out of 16,000 employees, 60-70% of whom have a master ' s degree or higher.
More than 1,000 scientists abroad are internationalized and highly qualified.
Main battalion operations have grown faster, financially robustly, and drug-smuggling income has increased from 4,140 million in 2014 to 7,765 million in 2017, with a capr of 17.03%. Regionally, the global distribution of drug-smuggling is close to that of the United States.
60%, Europe 17%, China 20%, relative stability, and global synchronisation. In terms of income structure, the drug Minding Condor income consists mainly of cró, cmo/cdmo, and his business, with cro services accounting for 72%, and cmo/cdmo services for 27%.
From a Māori perspective, the company has 71% Māori service ratio and 28% Māori service ratio in cmo business, close to the income ratio.  Māori growth rate in the company ' s operations is robust, with a higher Māori rate being in process development and mini-molegization
The average Māori rate of companies has been on the rise in recent years when the average Māori rate of businesses has declined. The company rate indicators have performed well, with company management costs and sales costs at industry averages.
The net profit from the non-repatriation of the drug Ming Conde rose from 213 million in 2014 to 979 million in 2017, and the net profit from the capr was 46.42%.
Cro: Research and development boosters, new sources of innovation
Research on compounds, pre-clinical research, clinical research, drug registration and approval, commercial production, six stages of sale, selective provision of the first four stages of service by the cro enterprise in accordance with their respective advantages, and derived post-market continuing research services to obtain commercial or client-based research services
Rewards for client relationships are broken down from the stage of service delivery, and the current market mainstream cro enterprises provide both clinical precro and clinical research cro services: 1 precro service, mainly involved
Research services on compounds and pre-clinical research services, including mainly the discovery of new medicines, the development of synthetics and processes in the intermediates of precursor compounds and active drugs, safety evaluation research services, pharmacodynamics, pharmacotoxicology, animal model construction, etc.; 2 clinical co-services, mainly targeting
The research in the clinical trial phase provides services covering clinical i-iv technical services, clinical data management and statistical analysis, registration of new medicines, and so on.
The services covered include pre-clinical and clinical trial research services such as iqvia (Kun Tai), covance (Kovance), parexel (the elite); and the indigenous cro enterprise (the best).
The services cover mainly pre-cro-cro-based smart chemistry, Conlongization, Incisive Medicine, and the services mainly cover the clinical cro-based Thai medicine, Bozi medicine. In contrast to the transnational cro-business, the indigenous cro-business is familiar with the domestic market and can provide most of the services.
Pre-bed or clinical trial research services. Large indigenous cro has been attracting high-end talent in recent years, engaging in cross-border M&As, expanding the scope of international business, and gradually narrowing the gap between international giants.
With the increased difficulty of developing new medicines and the decline in profits by international pharmaceutical companies before the patent cliff, international pharmaceutical companies have begun to include more cro enterprises in their pharmaceutical research and development to contain costs, shorten cycles and reduce R&D risks.
Cro Enterprise shortens the R & D cycle and improves R & D efficiency: Cro can help companies shrink short clinical trials and declarations, with highly specialized research networks and new drug registration teams, and cro Enterprise can enable the financing and potential risks of new drug R & D throughout the industry.
Fragmentation of the industrial chain to help reduce R & D costs for pharmaceutical enterprises and reduce the average R & D time of 30 per cent, thereby accelerating the approval and listing of new medicines, with an advantage of market monopoly period Figure 29: Time-consuming clinical trials using/not using cro services (weeks)
The problem faced by pharmaceutical companies is precisely one that is well-addressed by cro firms, and 50% of the world’s pharmaceutical companies are now working with cro firms to develop new drugs to accelerate the listing of new drugs, reduce financial costs and risk of research and development. The share of the cro market in the cost of drug research and development is rising year by year.
Since the twenty-first century, pharmaceutical companies have been investing more and more in drug research and development.
The resulting loss of market share, the continued increase in new drug research and development inputs by large pharmaceutical companies, and the increased efficiency of the review and approval of new drugs by fda have helped to increase the initiative and motivation of pharmaceutical companies to increase their research and development costs, and it is expected that global drug research and development inputs will remain at a pace of 2-3 per cent.
Stable growth, driven by demand-side growth of the cro market. By 2017, there were a total of about 14872 drug projects worldwide in the R & D process, an increase of 8.4 per cent compared to 2016, and a composite growth rate of 7.3 per cent over the last five years; and financial investment, by contrast.
Global drug research and development investment is expected to reach $158 billion by 2017, which is also starting to accelerate in 2016 compared with the approval of new medicines by the Fda, with 45 new medicines approved in 2015, reaching a historical peak, and contributing to increased research and development costs by pharmaceutical companies.
The boundaries of innovation efficiency and the rising cost of research and development of new medicines: current global trends in research and development of new medicines, increasing difficulties in screening new medicines, rising costs of research and development, average costs of research and development of new drugs by global pharmaceutical companies
From about $140 million in 1975 to $1.5 billion in 2012, the process of research and development of new medicines is complex, long and low: new drugs go from research and development to marketing, 10-15 years, after studies of compounds, pre-clinical research, clinical research, clearance queues, new
The entire process of research and development is complex and costly, such as drug listing. Figure 34: The cost of research and development of new medicines (US$ billion) is rising precisely because of the increased cost of investment in research and development by global pharmaceutical companies, the length of the research and development cycle, and the success of research and development
The rate is lower, the coro enterprise is approaching development opportunities, and the outsourcing rate continues to increase. Figure 35: The continued increase in the outsourcing ratio of the coro industry from Europe and the United States to China
According to the Sir study, in 2015-2020, the global market was still dominated by Europe and the United States, with North America and Europe accounting for 81% of the global industry. China, with only 2.3%, would benefit from a smaller base from the global shift of the industry to China, which would increase faster.
The high cost of research in China, compared to the high cost of research in developed countries, is cheaper than the cost of research, and this is an important reason why China’s market can attract an ever-increasing number of overseas orders. In China, the cost of medical care is low and the cost of labour is relatively low, owing to the large number of people tested.
The cost of conducting cro tests is more advantageous than that of Western developed countries. A full cro operation provides preclinical and clinical trial services, with preclinical trials including compound screening, toxicological experiments and animal trials, each of which involves Chinese cro-segment.
This represents 30% to 60%, 30%, and 30% of the cost in the developed world. The main components of the clinical trial phase are hysteria and hysteria. The cost of cro trials in China is 30% to 60% of the cost in the developed world, respectively, which is the most central reason why we attract global orders.
On the other hand, the huge demand for health-care centres in mainland China due to ageing trends and large population numbers has also been a major reason for overseas pharmaceutical companies to view China as a necessity.
The United States dollar has risen steadily to $32.6 billion, with annual compound growth rates of 8.78 per cent, rising year by year. The global cro industry is expected to continue to grow at a rapid pace over the next five years, with global cro sales projected to reach $35 billion in 2017 and global cro sales in 2021, according to projections from the South.
Global drug research and development has invested $157.5 billion in total and sales $17.6 billion, of which R & D outsources $35 billion, or 22% of total R & D inputs. Outsourcing of R & D is dominated by clinical coro because of the high cost and long cycle of clinical coro.
China’s cro industry has grown rapidly, growing at an average rate of more than 20 per cent per year – with increasing demand in the domestic pharmaceutical market, an increasing trend in the breakdown of the pharmaceutical sector, consistent evaluation criteria, landings, progress in graded consultations, and a further increase in the trend towards globalization of the cro industry, among other factors.
The proliferation of the country’s crón has made it possible to enhance the competitiveness of its services by investing in research and development and attracting high-end research and development personnel from both within and outside the country, building the essential building blocks of the new drug research and development industry and becoming the driving force behind the rapid development of China’s crón industry.
Millions of yuan have risen rapidly to 46.5 billion yuan, with an annual compound growth rate of 25.41 per cent. Given that international pharmaceutical companies will continue to increase their share of research and development inputs, China ' s coro enterprises will continue to benefit from the shift in this type of business over the longer term and are expected to do so over the next five years.
The innercro sector will continue to grow at a high rate. According to the South, the policy boom has driven the crón industry to a high level of sand and sand, the strong have always been strong, and the consistency assessment has opened up the cro industry space.
▪ Policy content: through a consistent evaluation of quality (pharmacological research) and efficacy (clinical research be), determining consistency in the efficacy of contrasts such as generics and original drugs, improving the quality of medicines and improving the overall level of the pharmaceutical industry in order to ensure the safety and effectiveness of the use of medicines by the public; promoting the pharmaceutical industry
Industrial supply side reforms to promote industrial restructuring; national competitiveness to promote the movement of domestically produced drugs; since the introduction of the generic pharmaceutical consistency evaluation policy, after a small peak in the first quarter of 17 years, the number of new declarations has continued to be high since July 17;
▪ Policy impact: The cost of consistency evaluation is $5.5 million, and the proposed assessment of consistency is about 45 million, with a penetration rate of 40 to 60 per cent, which is expected to increase the market size of the crón by 10 to 15 billion.
▪ The backlog of drug reviews has long plagued the FDA, and it has also taken a huge amount of time for companies to register new medicines. US biochemistry has three or four years to enter a clinical cycle, one month from the time of filing a new drug application to the start of the clinical process, and 24 months in the country.
On the one hand, cfda is severely understaffed, and there are a lot of people in the United States. On the other hand, many domestic pharmaceutical companies have insufficient capacity for innovation, and a lot of low levels of drug replication.
A new round of drug-testing reforms started in 2015, with increased recruitment of staff, increased investment in approval resources, time frames for approval, and a much more efficient approval process. With the acceleration of drug-testing, genuinely innovative drug companies will accelerate the pace of research and development, which has plagued the drug industry for many years.
The problem of “drug lag” will gradually dissipate, and as new medicines are developed and developed, the country’s coro will also undertake more research and development on new drugs to benefit from policy benefits.
On 22 July 2015, cfda issued a bulletin on the conduct of self-checking of drug clinical trial data, and the self-checking of drug clinical trial data began immediately.
A complete set of consistent evaluation data, provided that the pharmaceutical part is true, will cost a great deal of human, material and financial resources, and many small cro offers in the past are far below large cro prices, or even below market averages, leading to a large number of contracts below test cost prices.
Self-censorship extends the scope of the review to cro and clinical test institutions, which can effectively improve the order of the cro city, reduce the level of disorderly competition, create opportunities for branded and reputable cro enterprises, and guarantee the quality of the development of the cro market.
Figure 54: Self-censorship of clinical trials of drugs industry is fragmented and concentration is expected to increase further as the national pharmaceutical policy becomes clear, the pace of medical reform and the expansion of the health-care market and China
The pharmaceutical industry is growing rapidly, multinational pharmaceutical companies are starting to develop their research and development operations in China, and China’s coro industry has grown into a golden age. The country’s pre-cro field currently has the largest number of pharmaceutical research companies, more than 350.
In the clinical area, there are more than 350 registered clothes with relatively low technical content. China’s coro enterprises are now small and fragmented, with 65% of all businesses earning less than 5 million yuan, primarily bearing the technology threshold.
The current pattern of international mergers and acquisitions after multiple rounds of mergers and acquisitions is that large firms are the largest. China’s coro industry is currently less concentrated, and trends suggest that future winners will focus on integration and regulation, and the leading companies will accelerate the integration of resources.
Figure 57: Global income scale distribution (millions of United States dollars)
The company's laboratory services in the China region cover a range of related operations, such as synthetic chemistry, biology, and pharmaceutical chemistry, through a number of major control firms, such as Shanghai Pharmacism, Suzhou Pharmacism, Tianjin Pharmacism, and Wuhan Powder Ming.
As the basis of the company’s operations, the pre-cro capacity of the Pharmacy Conde Clinic is recognized by industry.
However, as domestic innovation is gaining momentum, demand for pre-clinical drug discovery and drug analysis testing will gradually increase, and the trend towards cooperation among leading enterprises will become more evident in order to guarantee progress in research and development, and companies are expected to grow in performance on a continuous basis.
Clinical research and development services include project planning, clinical operations, hysteria.
Monitoring and management of clinical trials up to the iv stage, results studies and medical equipment testing smo department are expected to provide project management and clinical institutional management services.
In addition, the company has about 1,500 clinical research coordinators (crc) in China, covering about 100 cities in China, preparing for China’s vast undeveloped clinical resources.
Frost&sullivan data show that the global clinical market is more than twice the size of the pre-cro market: China has a large number of untreated patients and the cost of clinical trials is very competitive and attractive as a clinical destination. China became a member of the international coordination meeting (ich) in 2017.
It will make greater use of its strong clinical development capacity, its international market position, its accumulated reputations, and attract more international clients who wish to benefit from China's vast and undeveloped clinical resources. For them, in terms of international clinical services, it will be obtained through the acquisition of researchpointglobal (rpg)
The company is committed to building an international multi-centre clinical laboratory capability, enabling new domestic drugs to go out, and new overseas drugs to be introduced. In October 2017, Pharmacine Condt acquired a full-scale United States-based cro service provider, rpg.
Clinical research services are provided at all stages of clinical trials, including clinical trial programme design, monitoring and data analysis services, fda, cnda ' s new drug government declaration process (cds operations), clinical coordination and field management services (smo services).
A seamlessly integrated clinical development service platform, a truly research-to-censorship solution to globalization, especially for the growing number of international multi-centre clinical trials and the Chinese-American double report on innovation.
The “one-stop” vertically integrated trend in the cro industry has led to a complex system of drug research and development, which also covers the drug discovery phase, pre-clinical research, clinical research, and the new drug registration service.
The link between the research data and the trustworthiness of the results of the experiment, the inability of a single phase of pharmaceutical research and development services alone to meet the research and development needs of large pharmaceutical companies in the entire industry chain, requires that participants in the future industry not only provide high-quality research at their respective stages of specialization.
Production services also require a continuous expansion of the upstream and downstream areas of the industrial chain around the needs of clients, the provision of comprehensive, integrated research on new medicines to clients through self-established, cooperative or extended mergers and acquisitions, the prescription of medicines to Ming-Con-de-Cong, through continuous acquisition or collaboration, the detection of their own drugs, drug testing, clinical trials
The cro enterprise can increase the stickyness of its customers through the extension of the industry chain. Drug research and development is a long process.
This includes the screening of pre-composition compounds, pharmacological analysis, chemical synthesis, process development, clinical trials, commercial production, etc., while, through the extension of the industry chain, the cro enterprise is providing one-stop service to its customers, while also increasing customer stickyness, and cooperation through prior business has led to later business cooperation.
The industry of pharmaceutical research and development services relies mainly on the services of specialists in the field of medicine, and requires participants in chemistry, medicine, medicine, etc.
There are various types of expertise, such as pharmacology, biostatistics, and some posts require a great deal of managerial experience from technical staff. The overall supply of this complex type of talent is lower than the demand, resulting in a shortage of senior professional staff, higher remuneration requirements for managers, etc.
▪ In 2017, the number of employees in China's major cro enterprises was significantly higher than that of other cro, both in terms of share and in absolute terms, and in 2017, the number of major cro firms in China was among the highest in single production comparisons.
It's the first business model to start a “risk-sharing” business model that upgrades the level of returns. Most of the country's cro enterprises are still in the traditional model, which, although less risky, also has less returns. Some of the larger firms have promoted innovative models and started to move towards structural orientation.
The level of return will increase significantly as a result of a paradigm shift from a risk-sharing model to a risk-sharing model.
Under the sharing model, cro companies can be more deeply involved in new drug research and development, sharing the risks with pharmaceutical companies, and getting better returns. Currently, the international coco giant Kuntai has introduced a risk sharing model, directly involved in new drug research and development, with the advantage of his own money, technology, or marketing team.
For example, Quintai has served the coro through a risk-sharing business model.
Pharmacy is also experimenting with a new “risk balance” model, working with project depth, participation and project growth, with the potential to raise the level of returns. Figure 66: The “risk-sharing model” was launched earlier by Pharmacy Conde.
With the global focus on drug research and development (especially in the United States) and the expiry of foreign patenting of medicines, new drug approvals have been rising, the global coro industry has been growing rapidly, and the company coro business in 2014-2016 has been further advanced by its share of the global coro market based on its competitive advantage.
On the whole, Pharmacén Condé relies on Chinese engineers’ dividends, gaining recognition from international firms through technological accumulation and services. Over the years, the international market’s share has been rising as customers accumulated and pre-existing advantages.
And with a “one-stop” combination of advantages and a “risk sharing” of the word in the industrial chain, the company provides customized research and development services to international pharmaceutical companies, operates in both China and the United States on an international strategic basis. Over the years, new drug research and development has been developed in China and the United States.
In-depth knowledge of the R & D chain and forward judgement of trends in new drug research and development, a platform of ownership has been achieved through a series of strategic investments at the global level that integrate the capabilities of the new drug R & D industry, and work towards the full realization of the competitive advantage of upgrading down the industry chain and increasing the service link.
Based on its extensive global research and development base, the company has built a strong integrated global service network with more than 3,000 clients and is a long-standing partner of the world’s top small molecular pharmaceutical industry, with major clients covering Pfizer, Johnson, Johnson, and Pfizer.
Novartis, Roth, Mercado, the top 20 largest pharmaceutical companies in the world, and a variety of new drug R & D companies, cover the top 20 pharmaceutical companies in the world, while their overseas earnings account for 78.27 per cent of the total, and are significantly superior to the resources of other companies in the country.
Five years ago, Pinocchio Conde began to build a long-tail strategy with small and medium-sized pharmaceutical companies, in the form of investments, innovations, innovations, and projects.
Virtual drug companies have been exposed to a wide range of start-up companies, and by 2022, the share of “long tail” clients is expected to increase to 47%. The “long tail” end is more likely to trigger subversive products and heavy-pound bombs than the larger clients of the leading multinational drug companies.
The probability of generating heavy bomb drugs among longtail clients is increasing, so we expect this score to become a new flashpoint for Pharmacator Condt in the future. Chart 70: Longtail contribution by clients is gradually increasing.
Figure 71: The Cmo/cdmo industry continues to win the Cmo/cdmo industry with a large number of clients: the Cmo/cdmo is a necessary product of the age-old environment of outsourcing of capacity
cmo: commissioning of pharmaceutical products, the basic operating model of which is that of the cmo enterprise, which supports the process development and formulation development involved in the production of pharmaceutical products, mainly in clinical applications, intermediate manufacture, raw material production, formulation production (e.g., powders, needles) and packages
Customized manufacturing operations, such as fittings, to obtain commissioning services as contracted.cdmo: Traditional cmo enterprises rely solely on production processes and technical support provided by pharmaceutical companies for single-for-work production services as drug companies increase their demand for cost control and efficiency improvements.cdmo:
Drug companies hope that they can use their own production facilities and technologies to build up innovative services that take on more process research and development and improve them, and to help them improve their production processes, improve their synthetic efficiency and ultimately reduce their manufacturing costs.
Thus, high-tech value-added process development and industrial applications represent future trends in the pharmaceutical manufacturing industry, leading to the creation of cdmo enterprises.
cdmo combines its own high-technology value-added process R & D and its scale of production capacity, and can be supplied through clinical trials, commercial production, etc.
Mode-to-deeper supply chain systems such as R & D, procurement, production, etc., replace simple output with higher value-added technology exports, and drive the capital-intensive cmo industry to fully upgrade to a technology-to-capital-intensive cdmo industry.
The global cmo/cdmo market has grown by more than 10 per cent, and most multinational pharmaceutical companies have made strategic adjustments to increase the proportion of research and development spending in order to accelerate the market entry of medicines, reduce the cost of drug research and development production and improve the efficiency of their internal assets.
Focusing internal resources on competitive industrial chains such as pre-research and development. According to the South, the global market size of the cmo/cdmo industry was $35.7 billion in 2012-2016, and the pharmaceutical industry will continue for some time in the future in search of more efficient and low-cost production methods.
Seeking external order support services from professional cmo/cdmo, the global cmo/cdmo market will grow even more rapidly. According to forecasts from the South, the global cmo/cdmo market is projected to be larger than $102.5 million in 2021, and compound growth in 2017-2021.
Figure 75: The global cmo/cdmo industry from 2017 to 2021 saw a higher threshold for the cmo/cdmo market in China, which was above 15 per cent, and the country entered this segment later.
Thanks to competitive advantages in terms of talent, infrastructure, and cost structures, our como/cdmo company has become a strategic supplier to multinational pharmaceutical companies and is playing an increasingly important role, under the lead of large international pharmaceutical companies and China’s policy of encouraging new drug research and development.
The country ' s cmo/cdmo sector market grew from 13.8 billion yuan in 2012-2016, and our cmo/cdmo enterprises will continue to benefit from the global cmo/cdmo market from 31.4 billion yuan to about 62.6 billion yuan in 2012-2017-
By category, the cmo/cdmo market is still dominated by a variety of niches in the industry, such as Boteng, Kallein, and All China. Figure 78: China ' s cmo/cdmo market segment (millions of yuan)
Figure 79: China ' s cmo/cdmo major listed companies have won efficiency gains in the cmo/cdmo industry, the market for new medicines has grown steadily, and there is a growing willingness to outsource R&D production
In recent years, global demand for research and development of new chemicals (numbers and inputs) has steadily increased. According to pharmaprojects, global drug research and development grew rapidly in 2001-2018, despite a significant increase in the number of biopharmaceuticals, their share continues to increase, and the number of non-biological drug research and development continues to grow.
In terms of global R & D inputs, the year-to-year compound growth rate as the cost of new medicines continues to rise is about 1.9%, with China’s pharmaceutical research and development industry starting late, but in recent years, figure 81: Global and Chinese medical research and development investments / $1 billion
In recent decades, the cost of research and development of new medicines has been rising, and research and development has become more difficult, longer research and development cycles and lower success rates. The cost of research and development of individual new medicines has increased from $179 million to $2,558 million since the 1970s, but the cumulative success rate has shown a downward trend, from 21.5% to 21.5%.
A new trend in new drug research and development in recent years is the growing number of small R&D pharmaceutical enterprises. According to pharmaprojects, the share of new drugs developed by emerging technology research and development companies worldwide (with 1-2 new drugs in the pipeline) has grown rapidly from around 14.8% in 2011
These factors, such as the tendency of emerging biotech R&D firms with light assets to outsource production and so on more often than large pharmaceutical companies. ▪ The need for multiple collaboration in the development of new medicines in the context of low R&D success rates and high R&D costs
Large pharmaceutical companies will increasingly rely on research and development services provided by pharmaceutical R & D production services to improve R & D efficiency and cost savings, while the emerging biosciences that have emerged in recent years have increased their reliance on R & D production based on their own small assets and their emphasis on R & D.
Patent cliffs and cost pressures have increased the tendency of pharmaceutical companies to outsource R & D production.
After the expiry of a patent for drugs, prices have fallen sharply, operating income and profits have been greatly affected by the impact of low-price generics. Once the patent has expired, the cost ratio for raw materials will increase significantly, and cost controls will become the original manufacturer and imitation.
One of the determining factors in the profitability of pharmaceutical plants is the tendency of former researchers to seek the optimal upgrading of the pharmaceutical process by specialized pharmaceutical cdmo enterprises, or to outsource R & D production for low-cost purposes; i.e., generic laboratories want to cooperate with pharmaceutical cdmo enterprises, drawing on their expertise.
In order to speed up the marketing of medicines, reduce the cost of their development and increase the efficiency of their internal assets.
At this rate, most multinational pharmaceutical companies have made strategic adjustments, increasing their share of R & D spending, and concentrating internal resources on competitive industrial chains such as prior R & D. - In terms of regional distribution, the United States and Europe account for more than 70% of the global cmo market, but
In recent years, the market share of cmo/cdmo has gradually shifted towards emerging countries, represented by China and India, which have a greater R&D cost advantage. Engineer dividend: human resource advantage
At present, China is the world’s largest population country, with reforms and opening up, and with the increase in our investment in education, the population of higher education is growing every year. According to data from the National Statistical Office, over the past decade (2008-2017), China has accumulated 62.7 million graduates and students of specialized universities.
At the same time, the share of our higher education population in the country ' s total population is about 12.4 per cent (2015), which represents a significant gap between the number of graduate students and the number of students who have returned home and the number of students who will continue to invest in higher education in the future.
Higher education will continue to grow, and the dividends for engineers will be evident. China has the largest chemical and pharmaceutical-related expertise in the world, with three main characteristics: young age, high academic qualifications, low hiring costs, and the combined cost of the country’s cdmo enterprises is only in the European and American regions.
1/3-1/5. Low-cost, robust human resources for chemicals and pharmaceuticals guarantee the country ' s cdmo research and development capabilities, and such an engineer dividend would facilitate the rapid acquisition by the country ' s cdmo enterprises of engineering technology from global mainstream medicine production and the establishment of a well-developed system of R & D and production services.
At the same time, Chinese diligence has greatly increased the efficiency of Chinese cdmo’s research and development, notably by shortening the order production cycle and further magnifying China’s engineers’ dividends. According to recent statistics from the National Statistical Office and OECD, workers in various types of enterprises in Chinese towns and cities work while they work.
The average weekly working hours are 46.1 hours, which exceeds the standard working hours (40 hours per week) 6.1 hours.
China has a well-developed infrastructure and a sound chemical base, and a low-cost, efficient and stable chemical supply chain is a strong guarantee of the rapid development of the country’s cdmo industry. ▪ China has always attached great importance to infrastructure development, and has invested in related infrastructure since the twenty-first century.
It continues to grow, building up one of the most efficient transport networks in the world. As of the end of 2017, our highways had a total mileage of 136.4 million kilometres, the world's largest; railways had a total mileage of 1.27 million kilometres, the world's second; and high irons, 252,000 kilometres, the world's largest.
66.30 per cent, the world's highest; nearly 70 million tons per month of cargo through the Yangtze port enterprise. We have a complete basic chemical industry chain and the world's highest production capacity, with 36 per cent of our global chemical capacity in 2015 and nearly half of our global chemical investment in 2016 in Asia and the Pacific.
At the same time, China’s chemical industry chain is very complete, ranging from methanol, urea, etc., to fine-chemists, and downstream dyes, pesticides, raw materials, new materials, and new energy sources. For the long term, our country will maintain the supply chain advantages of basic chemicals.
According to Chemicalweekly (Indian Chemical Weekly), production links account for about 30 per cent of the total cost of the original drug, and are outsourced in medium-sized countries with a relative cost of between one-half and one-third of the cost of Euro-American cmo, which is expected to decline by 40-60 per cent, with a combined reduction of 15 per cent.
Quality management systems and good patents protect the environment. After years of development, the country's cmo/cdmo industry has gradually improved its quality management system, with a number of first-line companies building up a cgmp standard quality system and acquiring large numbers of overseas orders.
At the same time, there are better patents to protect the environment than in India (a patented drug is compulsory licence). In the context of the global shift in cmo/cdmo production capacity, there is a growing trend towards improved quality management systems and good practices in the country.
Good patents protect the environment strongly guarantee the flow of orders into China. Combined power brings China’s market share of cmo/cdmo to above, and Asian countries such as China and India have increased their technological power in the area of small molecules; and, in the case of India,
China has a better transport infrastructure, more scientific and technological talent, and faster economic growth. With technological and cost advantages, China has become the world’s most competitive market for small molecules.
In the process, China became the most benefiting country with the fastest increase in the market share of cmo. Figure 98: Global market share of cmo/cdmo is higher than the share of mo/cdmo that triggers domestic outsourcing from the base of the mah system
▪ On 6 June 2016, the State Council issued the Pilot Programme for the Licensing of Pharmaceuticals Registered Holders System, which began in 10 provinces (municipalities) in Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei, Shanghai, Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Fujian, Shandong, Guangdong and Sichuan on 4 November 2018.
(hereinafter mah) Pilot. A drug research and development agency or researcher in the pilot administrative area may submit an application for clinical trial of a drug, a request for a drug listing, and a request for a pharmaceutical listing and a drug approval document number.
▪ Taking into account the Euro-American development model, the separation of drug licensing and drug production licensing will further drive our pharmaceutical industry towards a model of separation between R & D and production, with a clearer division of labour between the three “R & D - Production - Marketing” sections.
Physical production resources undercmo and other outsourced services, complete resource consolidation and build core competitiveness in production. All-round drug industry: leading companies in the global cdmo field lead in R & D, and the cdmo model pre-empt.
▪ Depending on the level of R & D capacity, production capacity, quality management capacity and registration capacity, the services that can be provided by cmo/cdmo enterprises can be divided into simple entrusted processing, general technology transfer and new technology development and deployment, with different levels of service delivery leading to competition for cmo/cdmo enterprises
There are also significant differences in the environment and profit margins. Cmo/cdmo suppliers that can provide process R & D and custom production services to pharmaceutical companies have access to greater profit margins and are relatively less competitive before meeting the gmp certification criteria.
Figure 102: Cmo/cdmo Business Profit Mapping cmo Business Industry Lead: The All-Pharma Industry is the leader of China ' s Medical Custom Production R & D Outsourcing Service, whose cmo service coverage covers non-gmp intermediates, to gmp start materials and gmp
Intermediates, to raw materials, to the entire business chain of formulations, to meet the needs of pharmaceutical enterprises for customized production from the clinical stage to the commercial production stage.  Medicines of the company ' s main service are innovative drugs, with the main clients being multinational pharmaceutical companies and biopharmaceuticals.
The company has a long-standing partnership with 13 of the world ' s 15 major multinational pharmaceutical companies. The company has a large research and development team with over 1,200 research and development personnel in the field of raw materials and preparations, 70% of whom are PhDs and masters.
After years of high R & D investment and professional experience, the company has acquired a number of key technologies in the field of chemicals and pharmaceuticals, creating a firm’s niche within the industry. The company is the only company in the country that has been approved by its domestic counterparts for an innovative drug application, and the only one in the country that has been approved by both the United States and the United States.
Innovative pharmaceutical production companies approved by the European Union, Canada, Switzerland, Australia, and the New Zealand Pharmacy Authority are the only companies in the country that have received the International Award for Quality “claedershipwards” (2013, 2015, 2016, 2017) on four occasions, while research and development teams have received internationally recognized medicines on several occasions.
The company offers prizes, and the technical and service capabilities are recognized nationally and internationally. Identified solutions for integrated production and commercialization in the pharmaceutical industry, which promote post-cmo commercialized production in pre-clinical trades.
The pharmaceutical industry relies on strong R & D advantages, adopting a commercial model of pharmaceutical contracts to customize R & D production (cdmo), which provides pharmaceutical companies with integrated services ranging from pre-clinical research to commercial production.
The essence of the model is that process R & D leads to commercial production. A large number of pre-clinical and second-stage projects are acquired through strong R & D advantages, which create very close linkages and pre-emptive advantages in the depth of client collaboration, and which will automatically transition to three projects, or even commercial ones, up to the end.
In the first half of 2018, the whole industry was in the pre-clinical and clinical phase of 484 projects, the clinical phase ii 90 projects, the clinical phase iii 39 projects, and the commercialization of 13 projects in the current period.
The number and quality of R & D personnel are excellent The number of R & D personnel is closely related to the capacity of the project to carry out: 1 exaggeration effect of the process: no small test process
As applied to magnifying production, new processes need to be redeveloped at each stage, requiring a greater capacity to develop and deliver in order to achieve rapid delivery. 2 orders are highly time-sensitive: new drug development is a race against time, and clinical orders often run over six months.
More than 200 carry-overs, which vary greatly from project to project, and the size of the R & D staff of a certain size will make it possible to solve the different problems efficiently. cmo, on average, covers only 1 to 2 clinical projects per core R & D at the same time, so the core
The number of R & D personnel directly determines the ability of an enterprise to take orders. The whole industry has a higher master’s degree and above at the level of knowledge of its employees than the same type of company, and has a human resource advantage.
Industry is at the highest level in the industry, with capacity to meet the most stringent compliance standards, project accumulation and post-project transformation leading to an increase in Māori rates from year to year, in terms of business outcomes, post-clinical
The increase in revenue from current and preparations products, and the decrease in unit costs have led to an annual increase in the Māori rate, while also imposing stringent requirements on the productive capacity of enterprises. Five R&D production bases are already in place at the Whole Pharmacy Plant, two of which are Shanghai Golden Hill Plants and Changzhou.
The zero deficit in the production base was audited on site in the United States through fda, in addition to being the first company in the country to have been accredited by the supervisory agencies of the Governments of China, the United States, the European Union, Japan, Canada, Switzerland, Australia and New Zealand to produce commercial raw materials for innovative medicines and the cdmo company for the gmp intermediate.
The company announced that the current design capacity for the 2017 reactor at five global bases was 794,270l, that the capacity utilization rate was 73 per cent and that the company had sufficient capacity to withstand the increased capacity pressure of subsequent orders.
During the first half of the year, companies built or expanded their production bases in Tianjin, Suzhou, Kaidong, Changzhou, Philadelphia, and Santiago.
Thanks to the company ' s combined advantages in the cdmo field, the entire pharmaceutical industry obtained sufficient orders for innovative medicines, ranging from early to commercialization to more than 600 molecules at different stages of research and development. By 2018, the company had 484 new drugs for pre-clinical and clinical periods; 90 new drugs for clinical periods; and 39 for clinical periods.
There are 13 new medicines that have been marketed.
▪ In 2017, cdmo generated $2.1009 billion, an increase of 28.83 per cent. We believe that revenue will accelerate as new orders are acquired and commercialized. In terms of Māori, the Māori rate continues to rise, but with the completion of the new production base, we expect 2019 gross.
Interest rates have fallen slightly, but will be restored to a high level of Maori, and the joint venture focuses on cutting-edge technology — capital — investing in new medicine research and development together with the strong capital and the powerful capital.
The capital was established on 21 May 2015 with a registered capital of $288 million and a 17.31 per cent share in the company. The capital was invested in two dollar funds, totalling $350 million, which were managed independently from the original drug, Ming Cond ' s venture capital sector, which was established in 2011.
Forty enterprises, including Juno and Fundation in the United States, were listed in the United States, and in May 2017, the capital and access and capital consolidation, which was renamed General and Congregation, was transferred to the United States.
Dr. Li G, Chairman of the Board of Directors of Pharmacino Condition, Founding Partner of Xinging Capital, and Dr. Chen Lian Yong, Founding Partner of China and China, are the CEOs. This merger is a strong association, capital is focused on the health sector, and there are unique opportunities for innovative early investment.
On that day, Unitybiotechnology, a company that has invested more than 70 companies in NASDAQ, fully covering the fields of innovative medicines, appliances, and medical services, currently manages $1.6 billion in four dollar funds and three renminbi funds.
Figure 116: A summary of the investment projects in 2018 by Ton and Tonaga: Together with Big Nok, focus on cell immunotherapy, jwtharapetonics, established in February 2016, corporate scoping package.
In addition to biotech and medical science (other than human stem cells, genetic diagnostics and therapeutics), the main business is research and development for domestic car-t-cell therapy. Pharmacy Condé has a 50% share in the joint venture.
In addition, Jw will be the company’s main customer after the start of operations at China’s new cgmp plant. In addition, the company’s R & D and R in China, which are part of the company’s R & D pipeline, is entitled to buy the company’s R & D in China.
Figure 117: The history of the drug-smuggling giants, from the research line in Juno, the main layout is in two areas: b-cell malignant neoplasms and multiple osteoporomas.
Malignant neoplasms, especially on non-Hoochkin lymphoma, chronic lymphocyte leukemia, and acute lymphocyte leukemia. Once these products have been approved, the drug’s big promise can also accelerate the industrialization of its products in China, leading to a win-win.
The company's investment gains are sustainable, strategic investments - the development of innovative medical ecosystems.
All actors in colour are able to use their potential on the company platform, which eventually leads to the formation of a complete medical science system.
An important element in the construction of the ecosystem is the strategic investment of Physician Condt himself. The owner of the company has to match his own funds with the wind-dumping fund wuxipharmatechhealthcarefund.
The start-up companies in the medical and pharmaceutical industry made venture investments, which were mainly selected for seed phase/early round financing. By the first half of 2018, 44 companies were invested in innovation, artificial intelligence, transformative technology, health care information technology, and health-care uniforms.
A cumulative investment of some $239 million was made in five areas, and the seven start-up companies that sold a total of $28 million achieved a total return of $61.6 million, an absolute return of 122 per cent.
The above investments, which were recorded by the company prior to 1 January 2018 as available for sale in terms of cost or fair value and changed to other combined gains and losses in accordance with International Accounting Standard 39, have since been adopted by the company as IFRS 9, with effect from 20181
As of the first half of 2018, the company's available financial assets amounted to $1,396 million, and the investments included listed companies, non-listed companies and investment funds.
A fair value assessment of each financial instrument will be conducted, with the difference recorded as current gain or loss, and the current revenue confirmed in the first half of 2018 at $430 million as significant in the first half of the year. The beneficiaries will come from three companies, namely, unity, Chinese-coloured medicine, and solar medicine.
The company has invested $8.95 million in different phases, returning to fair value assessment changes at the current market value of $1 billion, and the company's return on this investment is expected to develop into a sustainable return.
By 2015, $110.8 billion and projected to reach $140 billion by 2020, the future market capacity of the pharmaceutical industry and the cro industry is expected to expand further. 2) Increased investment costs for global pharmaceutical enterprises, longer R & D cycles, reduced R & D success rates, higher production costs and global growth
The demand for supply chain layout, the opportunity for medical outsourcing services to develop, and the rate of outsourcing continue to rise.  China’s true global competitiveness is a segmented area. 1) China is the only country in the world that can provide a large number of highly qualified engineers, with a more than 50% increase in timeliness. 2) China’s vast patient base band
A large patient base can increase patient group efficiency and clinical research and development more efficiently. Changes in domestic policy margins increase industrial competitive advantage. 1) China’s accelerated clinical approval, increased market access and mah policy drops.
Increasing the speed of industrial ceilings and the conversion of cash flows. 2) The technological reserves, quality systems and management capabilities of Chinese enterprises are ready to take over high global standards of orders, gradually replacing them. Market regulations have a clear niche. Industry has a clear pre-emptive advantage because of its high reliance on customer trust; and industry has been able to reshuffle.
(i) Integrated enabling platforms: companies have an integrated service model and an open platform model, and new medicines have been developed to develop the entire industry chain.
A service platform that serves the discovery, development and production of small molecular chemicals in all their aspects and in an integrated platform, while increasing client stickability and increasing project profitability, truly achieves the goal of “enhanced innovation”. 2) Talent + innovative business models provide the basis for continuous development: a professional career for managers.
In the case of scientists, the good environment is a great advantage, attracting new and higher-end talent as positive feedback. The first “risk-sharing” model helps to raise the level of Māori to attract more clients to work together, and is also a reflection of the technical strength of Physics and the industry chain.
Business returns are sustainable: joint ventures focus on cutting-edge technology development, investment is aimed at sustained goals, and expanding platforms are provided through their own professional vision to construct health ecosystems.
Risk of staff leaving: The difficulty of retaining key staff or hiring high-quality staff is increasing. Companies are forced to increase staff remuneration significantly to reward and retain key staff, including regulatory risk: Medicines are either failing to comply with existing regulations and industry standards, and negative policy changes
Slow response, or failure to obtain/update specific licences and licences, may adversely affect the reputation and business, financial position, business performance and prospects of the company.
- Overseas investment risk: in October 2018, the United States Department of the Treasury implemented Foreign Investment 2018.
Part of the terms of the Risk Review Modernization Act (firrma) authorizes the United States Foreign Investment Commission (cfius) to review non-controlled overseas investments in 27 industries, including health care.
Strict regulation or government scrutiny. Increasing uncertainty and trading risks for future overseas investments in Pharmacine Condé: about 80% of Pharmacén Condé's income comes from overseas clients, denominated in United States dollars. At the same time, its cost base is mainly denominated in RMB. Analysis of the rates of the relevant reports in the market shows that:
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment