Drug research and development is the lead in outsourcing, and in the age of innovation, it's the strongest, and it's the in-depth report of the drug's 603259.
Yang Raki, in our previous cro in-depth report, we focused our attention on the cro-discrete, which we've been looking at all along.
High-quality service outsourced industries in the era of pharmaceutical innovation: drug R & D outsourcing services are expected to grow at a rate of over $100 billion abroad, at a steady rate of growth of 10 per cent, and the market is expected to grow at a late start in the country, at a rate of over 90 billion.
The pharmaceutical industry environment is undergoing an industrial transition from “pseudo-pharmaceutical” to “innovative drug development” strategies. Large pharmaceutical companies and small and medium-sized biotech companies are expected to continue to increase their penetration of drug R & D inputs and outsourcing services, giving the pharmaceutical R & D outsourcing industry a very high profile.
The leading global drug research and development outsourcing leader in the country: the complex drug research and development process, the extremely high barriers to access to outsourced services, the multiplicity of customer-level factors such as stickyness, talent skills, quality control, etc., which determine the top-level effects of drug research and development outsourcing services, with a strong market voice; and the expansion of drug Ming Conde over more than a decade of intensive farming, with only 650 m2 of chemical services since its inception
Laboratory development has become the largest in China, with the world's highest ranking drug research and development outsourcing leader, able to provide drug research and development services that cut across the entire chain of drug research and development, from drug distribution to pre-clinical development to clinical trials to small molecular chemical production.
In 26.1% and 87.5%, respectively, the Māori net interest rate grew steadily, relying on the platform’s advantages, to tap into existing customer demand while at the same time expanding the blue sea market for long-tail clients and those best able to share outsourced services in the era of medical innovation. The pharmaceutical innovation era is expected to bring strength to strength: the company is working on core business while actively developing new areas, and the platform’s capacity continues to grow.
Extension, growing ceilings are growing, promising to be strong and strong. 1) Core business growth is robust, small molecular compounds are found with global leadership, based on the full-scale drug industry ' s cdmo service capacity is the highest in the country, pre-cro and cdmo plates are expected to grow at a steady rate of more than 20 per cent, 2) new business growth is achievable, and the acquisition of rpg for global integration is achievable.
Clinical cro service capacity, rapid increase in Cdmo contribution by small and re-engineer molecules of cell and gene therapy services, 3) a+h share increase in business capacity to reduce some of the business production bottlenecks while promoting business expansion, 4) platform capacity continues to expand to open up new models of integrated drug discovery services in the Central Asian region, with progress or patent fees available outside outsourced services; investment in publicly listed companies ' equity,
Non-listed corporate equity and venture capital funds, capital operating capital funds, and providing incremental performance. 44x, 40x. Companies are the leading global leader in outsourcing drug research and development. Cro, cmo/cdmo has a strong advantage in the integration of industrial chains. They have benefited significantly from high-profile drug research and development outsourcing service tracks, adding cell and gene therapy services, medical device testing services.
The Medium-Term Investment Strategy for the Pharmaceutical Industry 2018: The Development of the Medicines and Capital Business, which is constantly increasing the growth ceiling, is expected to be strong enough to maintain a “highly recommended” rating. The first half of the show was full-scale, with a brief adjustment to the second half of the year.
"Appearances" 2018-6-27. "In-depth report on the pharmaceutical industry (cro industry): The East Wind has arrived.
Pharmacy 603259: Drug research and development outsourcing leader, innovation age champions, east Xing securities depth report, drug Qander (603259): drug research and development outsourcing leader, innovation age champions.
1. Ming Conde: The leading global drug research and development outsourcing service platform 1.1 relies on small molecular chemistry to expand rapidly into the whole industry chain
Based on its core business small-molecular chemical research and development service, the company continued to deepen the pre-cro field of clinical practice through self-built subsidiaries, expansion of its research and development base, acceleration of M & A integration, and rapid deployment of clinical coro, cmo/cdmo and medical instrumentation services, with only 650 m2 of chemical service laboratories since their inception
Progressively developing into the largest, global leader, open, all-round, integrated drug research and development production suit in the country: capable of providing a whole chain of drug research and development services, from drug discovery to pre-clinical development to clinical trials to small molecular chemistry production
And medical equipment testing services, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the drug Myung Condé (603259): the lead in the outsourcing of drug research and development, the innovator of the age of innovation.
Figure 1: The history of the drug Myung Kandeh has evolved over time, with the company ' s main business, divided according to the business sector, consisting of two major sections: cro, cmo/cdmo, China District Laboratory Services, US District Laboratory Services, Clinical Research and other cro services, Small Molecular New Pharmacy Development and Production
• Laboratory services in the Chinese region: pre-cro clinical, small molecular chemical discovery and drug analysis and testing services in the Chinese region, covering synthetic chemistry, biology, pharmaceutical chemistry, analytical chemistry, drug metabolism
A range of related operations, such as mechanics and toxicology, bioanalysis, and testing. US District Laboratory Services: The United States is operating mainly through a fully-owned subsidiary, apptec (Pharma Condé America).
The laboratory, which mainly provides research and development services to United States clients, focuses its operations on medical instrument testing, cell and gene therapy development production services, etc. Clinical research and other coro services: mainly clinical trial management, surveillance and clinical trial data analysis uniforms
The whole industry has one of the largest and most powerful process research and development teams in the country.
New drug intermediates, raw materials and preparations for clients from pre-clinical process development to commercial production as a single source of financial growth in the East
1.2 Founder has central control and scientist background leads the development of geli (Li Ge), Ningzhao (Ju Ning), Liu Xiaojong and Zhang Xiaojun are the founders of the company and are acting in concert, the actual controllers of the company: while the actual controllers act in concert through equity-based, common partnership and concerted action
Voting rights control, such as agreements, cumulatively holding 27.76 per cent of the voting rights of companies, is significantly higher than the voting power of other parties and has greater control over companies.
Dr. Lige is the founder of the company, has a professional background as a scientist and is one of the leading leaders in the drug outsourcing industry; all members of the company's senior management have extensive professional experience in the pharmaceutical industry, five to 10 years of experience in the company and a unique strategic vision and vision within the industry.
The company, with the strategic planning of its management led by Dr. Li Ge, has developed a global professional service capacity to provide high-impact drug research and development production services to global clients, and a business wish to achieve “the highest, widest and deepest capacity and technological platform to become the global pharmaceutical health product, free of the world's difficult drugs and curable diseases”
In line with business development and strategic needs, the company, in expanding its national and offshore markets, has established a multi-regional business layout that takes into account local talent, transport conditions and combined cost advantages.
Wuhan Medicines, Tianjin Medicines, Su Medicines, Medicines Hong Kong, Medicines International and Chengdu Medicines, Whole Medicines The Source of Eastern Financial and Epidemic Medicines (603259): Lead drug research and development outsourcing, the innovators of the age of innovation are always strong.
More than 60 industry-based subsidiaries and participating companies with different business orientations have the technical strength and level of services to enable global pharmaceutical innovation.
Why are we looking forward to investment opportunities in the pharmaceutical research and development outsourcing service industry? Good business model: New drug research and development is an enduring topic in the field of life and health, not only contributing to a constant increase in human health, but more pharmaceutical companies bring a huge return on investment, but as the industry environment evolves, new drugs are new.
R & D has become increasingly difficult, and drug R & D outsourcing firms, with their extensive experience and technical skills in the field of drug research and development disaggregation, can provide pharmaceutical companies with specialized outsourcing services at all stages or stages of the new drug R & D chain, effectively reducing the R & D costs and cycles of pharmaceutical companies and increasing their R & D efficiency, which has become the drug R & D industry.
An important link in the chain. Compared to the huge returns that pharmaceutical companies will receive only when new medicines are marketed successfully, outsourcing services will be able to recognize the benefits as “water sellers” of new medicines in the course of their development, enough to pre-empt pharmaceutical companies’ performance.
Extremely high profile: drug research and development outsourcing services have developed early abroad, are gradually entering maturity, and market size is expected to exceed $100 billion, maintaining a steady growth rate of 10 per cent; domestic start-up is late and is still in a rapid period of development, with cities largely dependent on drug research and development inputs and market penetration; and, globally, large transnational investment in research and development is increasing.
The introduction of new products and the emergence of small and medium-sized biotech companies with capital to contribute to R & D investment by the Forces nouvelles; the domestic context, where the pharmaceutical industry is undergoing a strategic shift from “pseudo-pharmaceutical” to “innovative drug development” and where pharmaceutical companies are increasingly investing in new drug research and development; and the world's large pharmaceutical companies, especially their own research and development capabilities
The need for small and medium-sized biotech companies with limited capacity to control R & D costs and the R & D cycle will continue to contribute to an increase in R & D penetration. Drug R & D has a very high profile in the outsourcing services industry, driven by an increase in drug R & D inputs and an increase in the penetration of outsourced services.
Opportunities for local enterprises: On the one hand, the domestic drug research and development outsourcing service industry started late, and in the context of the strategic shift of the pharmaceutical industry from a “model drug-based” environment to an “innovative drug development” industry, indigenous drug research and development outsourcing firms have started.
The new wave, with its local advantages, is expected to reap the dividends of innovation and to achieve rapid development. On the other hand, the country’s large group of sick people is in a huge drug market, fully attracting multinational pharmaceutical companies for new drug research and development in the domestic market, and with cfda joining ich and domestic patent protections, the technology of local firms is becoming more robust.
Strengths and service capabilities are increasingly recognized by foreign clients, with a greater advantage in terms of cost, talent and patient resources than foreign drug R & D outsourcing firms, and in view of the shift of overseas drug R & D outsourcing services to domestic industries.
The multiplicity of factors, such as card effects, talent technology, quality control and capital reserves, determine the leadership of the drug research and development outsourcing service industry, which is evident in the strong market voice of leading firms, which makes it difficult for new entrants to catch up in the short term. And by looking at the development path of the transnational leader of the drug research and development outsourcing service, leading firms can quickly move up and down into deep-deep core business.
Expanding, increasing the growth ceiling and continuously sharing innovation dividends, and correspondingly, the stock price performance is impressive. For domestic firms, cutting edges, based on pre-accumulation advantages, can give priority in the short term to sharing the market dividends of booming drug research and development outsourcing, but with a long-term perspective, integration of business expansion and internationalization of market layouts.
The process will depend on former home-grown enterprises to grow the ceiling, move further and further, and continue to do so. 2.1 The division of labour in drug research and development, which has resulted in complex, long-cycle, high-cost drug research and development: the drug research and development outsourcing service industry stems from the development of new drugs, new medicines.
Research and development has always been a complex, long and costly process. For example, chemicals have initially entered drugs, only 250 of the 5,000 to 10,000 pilot compounds in the research and development pipeline have been clinically accessible, and only one has finally been approved by the regulatory authorities.
It was found that the success rate of the eventual commercialization was less than one in ten, that it would take an average of more than a decade, and that the average cost of research and development of individual new medicines is now more than $2 billion.
Drug Minding Condt (603259): Lead in the outsourcing of drug research and development and the persistence of the powerful in the age of innovation, figure 4: Complex, long-cycle, high-cost new drug research and development Division specialization for the development of outsourced services: multiple research and development dilemmas, the model of research and development by multinational pharmaceutical companies themselves
The gradual shift towards the specialization and refinement of the drug research and development industry has contributed to the rapid development of the drug research and development and outsourcing services industry and to the gradual upgrading of the industry.
The heavy weight of primary drugs has led to substantial profits for multinational pharmaceutical companies, and a whole range of business lines have been established within transnational corporations, ranging from drug discovery, clinical research, clinical trials, drug registration to pharmaceutical research, pharmaceutical production and marketing: while the role of pharmaceutical research and development outsourcing services is limited to providing pharmaceutical companies with simple drugs.
Analysis services, or simply commissioned production services, have not yet played an important role in the R&D chain. Since the 1980’s, the environment in the new drug research and development industry has changed considerably, with increasingly stringent drug surveillance, rising costs of innovative drug research and development, and the introduction of health-care reforms in the European and American countries that put down the price of medicines and the expiry of the original patent.
The impact of the crisis on sales levels, and the growing pressure on multinational pharmaceutical companies to operate, will be followed up by efforts to reduce the research and development cycle, improve R & D efficiency, contain costs and reduce R & D risks by gradually focusing resources on developing their own core research and development operations, focusing on disease mechanics and the discovery of new drug targets and the early stages of R & D.
The development phase involves the screening of pharmaceutical compounds and production links such as research and development, data acquisition analysis, clinical, commissioning or processing, entrusted to drug research and development service enterprises, rapidly organizing teams with highly specialized and experienced drug research and development service resources within a short time frame, more effective control of R & D management costs and coordination within and outside the country
Motivated by the progressive specialization and fine division of labour in new drug research and development, the demand profile of drug research and development outsourcing services has fundamentally changed, becoming an important link in the chain of drug research and development industries.
Figure 5: Professionalization of drug research and development for the development of outsourced services Full industrial chain coverage of drug research and development outsourcing: a product of specialization in drug research and development services Rapid growth of the drug research and development industry, characterized by its cost advantages, professional efficiency, etc., becoming indispensable in the drug research and development chain
By the nature of the service, it is generally divided into contract R & D services (cro) and contract production services/contracts (cmo/cdmo); depending on the stage of the service, cro consists mainly of pre-cro and clinical coro.
cmo/cdmo consists mainly of the pre-clinical and commercial production phases. 1) Contract R & D Services Organization (cro) is responsible for all or part of the activities involved in the drug development process, representing the clients of the drug firm.
The Ministry or part of the scientific or medical research mainly provides support for specialized technical services, including clinical pre-research, such as the discovery of new pharmaceutical products, research and development, development, and clinical data management, applications for registration of new medicines, in order to obtain remuneration on a commercial basis or on the basis of the client's relationship with the client.
Preclinical cro: mainly providing drug discovery and preclinical research services, drug discovery includes, inter alia, pre-target testing, screening, optimization, synthesis and process development, preclinical research services, including preclinical safety evaluation services (i.e., regulatory toxicology trial services), pharmacological efficiency research services, animal medicines, etc.
The main players in the country, such as the surrogate dynamics research service, include the drug Ming Condé, Conronization, Wise Chemistry, Inoculation Clinical coro: provision of mainly clinical research and some post-market testing services, including clinical trial techniques for the period from  to iv, data management and statistical analysis, clinical trial site management, registration of new medicines and post-market drug placement
All-monitored services, etc., with key domestic participants including covance (Covance), iqvia (Quintai), tag medicine, Bozi medicine, etc. 2) contract development and production services organization (cmo/cdmo)
The basic business model of the company, which is commissioned by the cmo company, is for drug students, the source of financial growth in the East, the drug Ming Condé (603259): the leader of the outsourcing of drug research and development, the powerful of the age of innovation.
Production-related process development, formulation development and production support, mainly in clinical medicine, intermediate manufacturing, production of raw materials, manufacture of preparations (e.g. powders, needles) and packaging, etc., to obtain commission service income as contracted.
As pharmaceutical companies increase their demands for cost control and efficiency, traditional cmo companies cannot fully meet their clients’ needs by relying solely on pharmaceutical companies for production processes and technical support. The company hopes that cro/cmo companies will take advantage of their own production facilities and technologies to build up more process research, development, and improvement.
Innovative service functions further help pharmaceutical companies to improve production processes, improve synthetic efficiency, and ultimately reduce manufacturing costs. The trend towards high-tech value-added process development and industrialization has contributed to the overall upgrading of the capital-intensive cmo sector to a technology-intensive and capital-intensive cdmo sector.
The cdmo enterprise combines its own high-tech value-added process R & D capabilities with its depth of production capacity to provide innovative pharmaceutical production to pharmaceutical companies through the development, procurement, production and other supply chain systems of the supply model of clinical trial production, commercial production, etc., replacing simple output with higher-value-added technology exports.
Cmo/cdmo is currently a major participant in the pharmaceutical industry, Kelayin, Botten shares, drug-sensitive organisms, etc.
Figure 6: Drug R & D outsourcing services achieving full-chain coverage 2.2 industry maintained a high profile, domestic access to the fast-track development 2.2.1 increased R & D investment and demand port continued to drive
Since the twenty-first century, drug research and development inputs have steadily increased. On the one hand, the cost of research and development of new drugs by multinational pharmaceutical companies continues to be high.
Up and down each year, faced with the sales impact of counterfeiting after the expiry of the original research patent, the rapid advance and investment in new drug research and development has been maintained; on the other hand, as the success rate of large pharmaceutical companies has been reduced, the financial and intellectual resources of the East have increased.
With the influx of venture capital, the development of an ecological environment, and the rapid rise of small and medium-sized biotechnology companies in Europe and the United States over the past few years, they have become active in the field of new drug research and development, devoting significant resources to drug research and development. As of 2017, global drug research and development investments are expected to reach about $165 billion, compared to 4.8 per cent in the past five years.
We believe that patented drug research and development will continue to be the central theme of the future pharmaceutical industry, underpinning steady growth in global drug research and development. At the product level, patented drugs have more obvious therapeutic effects, higher premium and higher returns, and patented drugs are highly attractive to pharmaceutical companies; at the patient level, they are developed in Europe and the United States.
(a) Emerging markets outside the region are actively improving their health infrastructure, their capacity to finance health services, and their health-care security systems, which will be accompanied by higher economic levels, increasing patient willingness to pay for patented medicines and their ability to pay;
Global drug research and development is expected to reach about US$ 15.5 billion in 2021, at 4 per cent on the domestic front, with a gradual increase in drug research and development. The main products of the domestic pharmaceutical market are based on generics, innovation, insufficient drug research and development power, and drug research and development at an early stage of development, owing to the large gap in technological capabilities, among other things, in foreign countries.
By 2017, domestic drug research and development investments were expected to be around $13 billion, accounting for about 8 per cent of total global drug research and development investment over the same period, and nearly 18.5 per cent in five years.
We believe that China's pharmaceutical industry environment is in an era of great change and that, with the rapid roll-out of generic evaluation of pharmaceutical consistency, the intensive procurement of generic drugs, the temperature of generic drugs will gradually fall, while policies at the national level have been put in place that demonstrate the idea of top-level design that will promote the development of new medicines in the country and will drive the domestic pharmaceutical industry to become predominantly imitated.
Major innovation-based strategic shifts are expected to lead to a sustained and rapid growth in R & D investment by large pharmaceutical companies; at the same time, highly funded small and medium-sized biotechnology companies that have invested in financing the same heat in recent years are expected to do so quickly in the right industrial environment, around US$ 20 million, with growth of more than 20 per cent and a share of total global drug R & D investment expected.
2.2.2 A stable growth of global markets and a surge in domestic markets for global drug research and development outsourcing services are at maturity, maintaining a steady growth rate of around 10 per cent: drug research and development outsourcing uniforms
The industry began earlier abroad in the 1970s and originated in the United States: in the ensuing decades, under pressure from increased difficulties in drug research, increased competition among pharmaceutical firms, tighter drug regulation, reduced prices for medical reform, expiry of patent for original research, and the collapse of the sales cliffs, drug companies gradually increased their outsourcing of R & D, and the outsourcing of drug R & D services has expanded rapidly.
After the 2008 financial crisis, the growth of research and development (R & D) investment by multinational pharmaceutical companies slowed down, and the maturity of the drug R & D outsourcing service industry continued to rise in tandem with the steady increase in global drug R & D inputs and R & D outsourcing penetration rates. As of 2017, the global market for drug R & D outsourcing services is projected to be more than $100 billion, with cagr in nearly five years.
About 10%: about $45 billion in the cro market, about 8% in the last five years; nearly $60 billion in the cmo/cdmo market, about 11% in the last five years. We believe that exclusive new drug research and development will remain the future melody for the pharmaceutical industry, and that global drug research and development investment will grow steadily.
The growing number of small and medium-sized biotechnology companies favoured by capital can further boost the penetration rate of drug research and development outsourcing, and the global market for drug research and development outsourcing services is expected to grow steadily. The growth rate is expected to continue at around 10% in the coming years, with market size expected to reach $160 billion in 2021, with the market being expected to reach its market size.
Some $65 billion, and the cdmo market is expected to be about $95 billion.
The relatively short period of internal development, with the domestic listing of pharmaceutical products by transnational pharmaceutical companies in the 1990s, triggering the development of domestic drug research and development outsourcing services, and the subsequent proliferation of small and medium-sized biotech companies, which have further advanced domestic drug research and development outsourcing services, have in recent years been accompanied by a number of national policies to promote pharmaceutical innovation,
The rapid pace of medical reform and the continued expansion of the health-care market, the expansion and investment of domestic and foreign pharmaceutical companies in China’s market have gradually increased, and the domestic drug outsourcing service sector has gradually moved into fast-growing fast-tracks. By 2017, the domestic market for drug research and development outsourcing services was expected to be close to 90 billion yuan, with cagr in nearly five years.
More than 20%, of which more than 50 billion yuan is marketed by cro, around 25% in the last five years, more than 30 billion in the cmo/cdmo market, and around 18% in the last five years. Domestic R & D inputs and outsourcing are embedded in the rapid growth of domestic pharmaceutical innovation, industrial upgrading and large-scale capital-oriented biotech companies.
It is expected to increase, adding domestic industrial transfers to overseas R & D outsourcing services, and the domestic drug R & D outsourcing service market, which is close to $180 billion, of which the market is expected to be more than $110 billion, and the market is expected to be larger than the global drug R & D outsourcing service industry, with such advantages as manpower, cost and patient resources.
On the one hand, the current period of maturity of the global market for outsourcing services for drug research and development has slowed down and stabilized, while the cost of services for multinational drug research and development outsourcing services is generally higher, given the high cost pressures of a more environmentally friendly environment and rising production processes, while domestic drug research and development outsourcing services are generally more expensive.
The cost of services is an absolute advantage in terms of human resources, costs and patient resources, and is more attractive to multinational pharmaceutical companies and small biotech companies: on the other hand, the country has a large population of sick people, a huge market for medicines that attracts transnational pharmaceutical companies and small biotech companies to the domestic market.
With cfda joining Ich and increasingly robust patent protection measures, the technological strength and service capabilities of domestic drug R & D outsourcing services firms are gradually being fully recognized. By 2017, the global market share of domestic drug R & D outsourcing services is expected to exceed 12%, with the coro market in the market.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East is expected to be close to 17 per cent of the annual market share, with cro market share expected to exceed 25 per cent and cdmo market share 2.3 leading to high value outsourcing and priority sharing of innovation dividends.
2.3.1 Industry attributes: Decision on the top-level effects of outsourced services is clearly based on the importance and specificity closely related to human health, the stringent quality requirements of medicines, the consolidation of the ever-increasing level of drug regulation at the global level, and strong barriers to access to the pharmaceutical research and development outsourcing services sector.
The multiplicity of factors, such as card effects, talent skills, quality control and capital reserves, determine the leadership of the drug R & D outsourcing service industry.
Caution is expressed that the duration of visits to new suppliers is generally longer, and companies with more extensive R & D experience are usually selected within the industry to enhance the efficiency of their new drug research and development by drawing on their existing and mature industry experience. Outsourcing firms need to undergo long and sustained testing to gain their trust and become core suppliers.
Once a partnership has been established, pharmaceutical companies will not easily replace suppliers in order to ensure the stability of R & D services and the supply of raw materials, thereby ensuring the quality of the services and the products produced; at the same time, the protection of customer intellectual rights and technical secrets by drug R & D outsourcing services has become a primary consideration in the choice of partners for pharmaceutical companies, and therefore they are generally in the long term.
This long-standing client relationship is more exclusive and highly interdependent, resulting in higher client cooperation in the drug R & D outsourcing service industry.
Talent and technical barriers: The drug research and development outsourcing service industry relies mainly on skilled personnel in the field of medicine, requiring a wide range of chemical, medical, pharmaceutical and biometric expertise, and some posts requiring a great deal of managerial experience.
The most important role of pharmaceutical research and development services is to provide pharmaceutical companies with high-tech value added for new drug discovery, R & D, and development services that require skilled personnel in the field of medicine to break through old technology through advanced research and development techniques.
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East: Medicine Ming Conde (603259): Lead in outsourcing drug research and development, persistent bottlenecks for the powerful in the innovation era, or providing optimized process design to improve the efficiency of new drug research and development.
High technological barriers to the availability of technology that has accumulated over the past years’ long-term R & D. Barriers to branding: Drug R & D outsourcing services are mostly clientele such as pharmaceutical companies or scientific research units, often difficult to market in the short term through conventional marketing, such as advertising, and require long-term high-quality services.
At the same time, a drug research and development service with extensive industry experience can significantly reduce the risk of failure in the R & D process due to irregularities or inexperience, and there is a higher level of branding assurance in industry that best protects the interests of clients.
Card effects play an inescapable role in maintaining and expanding market shares. Quality management barriers: according to fda and cfda, ema, drug clinics have to meet gcp, clp, cmp, and some international multicentres have to meet the quality of multi-centre operations such as ich-gcp.
These typically require dozens of research centres, hundreds of researchers, and nearly thousands of candidates from enterprises that outsource drug research and development services, which are highly demanding of their management structure, quality of service, and organizational efficiency. Large-scale drug research and development outsourced services often have a wide range of business networks and regulatory management processes that comply with them.
gcp and ich-gcp requirements provide a full range of research services for pharmaceutical companies, creating high entry barriers at the level of quality regulation for newly introduced drug R & D outsourcing services.
High-standard production plants with medium-test and large-scale production capacity are required to meet the requirements of multinational pharmaceutical companies. This requires that drug R & D outsourcing firms have considerable financial capacity to meet the firm capital expenditures and liquidity needs necessary during the start-up phase for asset input and business start-up.
Figure 14: Core barriers in the drug R & D outsourcing service sector
The industry started abroad early in the 1970s in the United States, and has matured after nearly 40 years of development. The crón industry has a relatively high concentration worldwide, with transnational leaders mainly iqvia, coovance, parexel, inventivhealth, charlesriver, icon, etc., taking on most of the new drug research and development jobs around the world.
The cmo/cdmo industry is relatively small in concentration, more market-oriented, and mature cmo/cdmo enterprises are concentrated mainly in the European and American regions, with transnational leaders including Catalent, lonza, Patheon, Jubilant, etc. The domestic drug research and development outsourcing service industry is developing at a time when it is right to do so.
In the 1990s, the domestic market demand for pharmaceutical products from multinational pharmaceutical companies began to develop in the domestic drug research and development outsourcing service sector, which in recent years has been affected by the expansion of domestic drug research and development investment and policy support, and local research and development outsourcing firms have gradually moved into fast-growing lanes.
The main sources of financial and intellectual growth in the East include multinational leaders, mainly in their domestic branches, and fast-growing local firms, including the Mdspharmaservice, iqvia and covance, mainly multinational corporations.
In-country drug research and development provides clinical research services; the latter are larger and have evolved over recent years, and the gap between indigenous leaders in the area of breakdowns, including pre-cro medicaments, quartz technology, clinical crote drugs, cmo/cdmo all-round drug industry, Karen, etc., and transnational dragons has gradually narrowed.
2.3.2 Values highlight: the continuous sharing of innovation dividends by outsourcing taps Other: the ongoing up-and-down expansion of deep-farm core operations, increasing growth ceilings, and the continuous sharing of innovation dividends.
Rapid expansion of business to industrial downstream segmentation, improvement of its business structure, vertical integration of operations in a step-by-step manner, integration of global markets, deepening of the depth of the main business, consolidation of the vanguard position within the industry, increasing the growth of the ceiling and continuous sharing of innovation dividends, etc., and, correspondingly, equity,
*Charlesriver (Charles River): Founded in 1947 and listed in June 2000, the company started its animal-breeding sales business and continued the integration of high-quality companies in a number of disaggregated areas after listing, including a segmented industry conlis in the field of microbiological detection, focusing on preclinical research on cancers by the coro firm
And the Finnish cro company cerebricon, the pharmaceutical and agricultural safety evaluation company wilresearch, which focuses on neurological drug development, also includes a number of disaggregated areas, such as bioanalysis, drug testing, toxicological research and genetic services, and strengthens its business structure while expanding and developing operations outside the United States.
Figure 15: Charlesriver Development and Stock Prices (US$)
Parexel: The company was established in 1985 and was listed in NASDAQ in 1995. After a brief start-up phase, the company began in 2000 to expand down the industrial chain by acquiring and buying, fast-tracking strategic advice and business service operations, further strengthening customer relationships and business added value, while gradually entering the market.
Emerging markets, using local low-cost advantages to reduce the cost of services, expanding their customer resources, and expanding their main business markets to a global scale, have seen a steady rise in pre-market stock prices since 2010 for the three major business boards of companies, such as Cro, Consulting and Information Services.
It's time for the domestic drug research and development outsourcing industry to see how the local cut-off taps are promising. The domestic drug research and development and outsourcing service industry is still growing rapidly compared to the level of development of the global drug research and development outsourcing service industry.
East Hing Securities Insight Report 603259: Drug research and development is a pioneer in outsourcing, and the innovation age is a constant phase. As medicine innovation is embedded in national policy, drug review reform is accelerating, drug and substance innovation policies are encouraged in the country.
In the short term, given the complexity of the drug research and development process and the fact that the level of technology in the various sub-areas of the drug research and development outsourcing services differs significantly from the core barriers, priority is given to the cutting edge of the sub-areas as they continue to deepen their core areas.
Sharing the opportunities and benefits of a growing market for domestic drug research and development outsourcing, and reaping its brightest performance. In the long run, both the absolute amount of revenue collected, the level of production per capita, the scope of operations, the current domestic drug research and development, and outsourcing services have significant differences with transnational leaders.
Moving into international markets, competing with transnational leaders for market share, thus continuing to deepen the core business, accelerating the acquisition and acquisition of domestic and foreign firms, vertical integration of operations, horizontal internationalization and horizontalization are essential paths to future domestic drug research and development outsourcing services, leading to shocks to transnational leaders. The process of business expansion integration and the internationalization of markets has advanced.
Outsourcing service providers are expected to grow up, move further and further, and reap long-term bright performances.
Why are we looking at the investment value of the drug Ming Condé? The country’s leading global drug research and development outsourcing service platform: Ming Condé was established in 2000 and, after more than a decade of rapid development, has been able to provide pre-clinical development to more than 3,000 clients around the world, ranging from drug discovery to clinical trials.
From its inception, only 650 square metres of chemical service laboratories have gradually developed into the largest in China, with the world's top drug research and development ranking Outsourcing service platforms with clear competitive edges and a global leader in operating at the highest level of ability to share medical innovation.
Small-molecrochemicals have found years of steady growth in the production of deep-deep farming: companies have continued to work in the pre-cro field for many years, small-molecular compounds have found a global leader in business and have continued to expand their domestic foreign ministers while digging deep into the needs of their former customers.
End-of-service clients, benefiting from the advantages of a fully integrated R & D platform, the penetration rate of outsourced services is increasing, and pre-clinical cro revenues are growing at a steady rate of more than 20%. Companies rely on the entire pharmaceutical industry for small molecules. cmo/cdmo operations.
This control, process technology, etc., has a clear lead and the overseas market is expected to continue to expand, while the domestic market is expected to provide rapid incremental amounts as the domestic mah moves fast, while the ratio of orders (including commercialization) at the post-clinical stage increases growth ceilings based on the continued expansion of platform advantages: companies are plowing small molecular compounds in their core business to discover production clothing
At the same time, building on the platform's strengths, it has continued to expand its new business and grow up the ceiling. By 2018, it was acquired in the United States as a rpg, which greatly enhanced the ability of the global integrated clinical development service, and the clinical cro plates were expected to grow rapidly; and the cellular and gene therapy micromoletic cdmo model, which provided the client with cell therapy and cellular therapy.
Genetic therapy, from product development to commercial production services, development of cytotherapy products and vectors using genetic engineering, and production services, is expected to grow rapidly as production capacity is gradually released and projects are increasing; the distribution of a+h units in 2018 significantly alleviates the production problems faced by security assessment operations, chemical research and development, and partial diagnostic services
At the same time, Smo, clinical surveillance, bioanalysis, cellular and gene therapy research and development production are expected to expand rapidly, providing companies with incremental performance, creating synergies with existing operations, and increasing the growth of the ceiling. Platform capacity gives greater room for imagination: companies have developed national targets with a wealth of innovative international drug research and development experience.
A new model of comprehensive drug discovery services in the Chinese region of domestic clients can be obtained on the basis of the success of the project; companies are closely at the forefront of drug research and development in long-term cooperation with leading multinational drug companies around the world, with more sophisticated experience and precision in the research and development of quality new medicines in the pharmaceutical industry and in the judgement of companies, through equity in listed companies,
Non-listed corporate equity and investment in venture capital funds continue to extend the platform’s capacity to the entire health-care ecosystem, providing further gains and performance multipliers through capital operations. The company has developed into an open, all-round, integrated drug research and development service platform with professional drug research and development experience and sticky.
Client groups and rich industrial resources rely on the platform to generate diversified business models and content that give a vast imagination for future development. 3.1 Outsourcing services have a clear niche and a global leader in business.
3.1.1 The country's leading global R & D outsourcing service platform The company is one of the most comprehensive and powerful small-molecular chemical discovery, R & D and development integration platforms worldwide, with a full range of integrated business coverage and a global capacity for professional services.
The source of financial prosperity in the East is the largest Chinese, the world's leading small molecular pharmaceutical research and development service provider, and the leader of Chinese drug research and development outsourcing.
Full and integrated business coverage: based on the industry-wide chain of pharmaceutical research and development outsourcing services, companies can provide multiple levels of customized R & D production outsourcing services to clients. On the one hand, they can provide international leadership to large international pharmaceutical companies at the extremes of new drug research and development, testing, production services, etc.
A highly customized research and development service that effectively reduces the cost of research and development on new medicines, shortens the research and development cycle, and enhances the capacity of research and development; On the other hand, a fully integrated capacity platform can offer the full range of services from scientific innovation to product development to the transformation of innovation ideas into products for start-up new drug research and development companies and even for individual scientists.
Fégué ' s global professional service capacity: the company operates in entities in both the Central American and the United States, creating a global system of wide-ranging, integrated service networks, with 27 operating bases and affiliates worldwide, including Shanghai, Suzhou, Tianjin, Wu-Han, Chang-zhou and Philadelphia, United States of America, and São Paulo; total workforce by mid-2018
The remainder have a Ph.D. degree abroad or are highly qualified overseas returnees with more than 10 years of experience in research and development of new medicines overseas, with the ability to provide specialized services to international pharmaceutical companies in customized R & D production services.
and cmo/cdmo services, major clients covering large drug companies such as the global Top20 and fast-growing client groups such as start-up biotech companies and new drug research and development institutions; and the diversity of client groups as a whole, with the top five clients now providing only about 20 per cent of the income, while the client collaboration is extremely sticky, with the top ten clients retaining rates
100 per cent; under the business model of cro+cmo/cdmo operations, companies are involved early in the development of innovative medicines, working with clients throughout the life cycle of innovative medicines, technological ideas and management of both sides constantly converge, creating stable and reliable long-term strategic partnerships that can contribute to the sustainability of the company's operations
The leading technological strengths and quality management systems: services such as customized drug research and development outsourcing have a very strong technological add-on value, and the research and development capabilities of large international pharmaceutical companies are one of the core barriers to companies. Since its inception, firms have obtained a number of top international certifications, the first Chinese research and development platform to pass the fda review, Ccc, and the first Chinese.
A cgmp pharmaceutical product production facility that meets quality standards in the United States, Europe and China, and a glp bio-analysis laboratory, China was the first to obtain approval from regulatory agencies in China, the United States, the European Union, Japan, Canada, Switzerland, Australia and New Zealand to produce commercial raw materials and gmp for small molecules innovation.
Cmo/cdmo enterprises in the intermediates: the firm ' s technological capability is clearly ahead of the curve and can assist clients in improving R & D, process processes, and providing innovative and uniquely competitive R & D outsourcing services.
(c) Incentive planning for joint development and management of complex talent, laying a solid foundation for rapid business development; and firm corporate efforts to promote the optimization of the talent rotation system and internal promotion mechanisms to motivate staff through equity incentives.
Incentives, such as employee-share schemes, have stimulated the creativity of creative talent and have continually strengthened the barriers to talent. Experience with high-quality new drug research and development projects: by the end of 2017, companies were providing services for more than 1,000 new drug development projects; and support for more than 200 clinical i-ii periods and more than 30 clinical periods for many well-known drug companies around the world, such as Pfizer and Ley.
Production of small molecular chemicals in the clinical iii and commercial stages: many of the new drugs that were previously developed by clients, the source of financial growth in the East, have been certified and approved for the market through fda, many of which have received breakthrough therapy and orphan drug recognition.
• Establishment of the Fda “fast-track” determinations; assistance to domestic clients in the development of new medicines and the submission of new drug declarations for clinical trials to cfda starting in early 2015, with over 20 declarations to date; in the future, assistance to domestic pharmaceutical companies and research institutes in the development of new drug research and development services will be provided through regulations such as the listing permit system (mah).
The leading industry in the world: based on the technological strengths and service capabilities of the industry, companies can provide high-quality and efficient integrated R & D production services to global clients, and income profits have grown rapidly in recent years, and have grown to become the first domestic, leading global drug R & D production service platform.
Figure 19: Full-scale, integrated little molecular chemical discovery, research and development platform
3.1.2 Stable growth in earnings and increasing profitability Major drivers of steady growth in income profits: on the one hand, the high profile of the drug-outsourcing industry, which maintains a global growth rate of around 10 per cent, and the high growth rate of more than 20 per cent within the country, which can provide demand-side drivers,
The demand for outsourcing of pharmaceutical research and development from large multinational drug companies with major corporate clients has continued to grow; on the other hand, companies, while deep-seated with customer demand, have been active in reaching out to their domestic foreign ministers, including the emerging company for the development of new and innovative medicines and virtual operating companies without laboratories. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Clients are able to further increase the penetration rate of companies’ outsourced services. * Māori net interest rate is at the same company’s average and average bias: in terms of Māori rate, the 2015 Māori rate was more cost-effective than the $1 billion share payment rate, and in 2016, business expansion was further enhanced through business integration.
With regard to net interest rates, there has been an overall upward trend, with higher net interest rates expected in 2018, mainly due to changes in accounting standards in the first half of the year, resulting in financial assets.
The impact of fair value change gains is well recognized.
Figure 22: High rate of increase in net profit from drug-related mother-to-child return, Figure 23: Sustained increase in net interest rate on drug-related drug-related card-cond-Mäori rate, Figure 24: Net interest rate on drug-related drug-related card-cond-Mäori rate is higher than the industry average
The share of cmo/cdmo has grown gradually, and the expansion of emerging markets has continued: in 2017, cro, cmo/cdmo accounted for 72.7 per cent, 27.2 per cent and Māori for 71.1 per cent and 28.41 per cent, respectively, in different business sectors; the main income contribution of the cro operations, which are centred on detection and analysis tests of small molecular compounds, was provided.
With the increase in later clinical (including commercial) orders, cmo/cdmo has seen a gradual increase in the Māori share of income. From different market regions, emerging markets like the US, China, Europe, and Asia (with the exception of China) have seen a gradual increase in their share of income in 2017, and corporate global business expansion has continued.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the depth report of East Hing, the drug Myung Condt. (603259), the lead in drug research and development outsourcing, the powerful of the age of innovation.
Cost controls were good during the period and management rates were steadily declining: as the company ' s operations expanded rapidly, the advantage of scaling gradually reflected a steady decline in the period ' s rates, a decline in the sales rate from 3.80 per cent in 2015 to 3.75 per cent in 2017, an increase in the financial rate in 2017 was mainly due to increased exchange gains and losses.
Compared to companies, company-period rates have always been below average and cost controls have been good for the period as a whole.
3.2 Core business growth is robust, new business layout can grow. 3.2.1 Small molecular compounds have been found at the end of the pipeline, pre-clinic cro growth is robust. China District Laboratory Services: pre-cro services, companies started in the area of discovery of small molecular compounds for years.
Deep-ploughed businesses in this area are very mature and based on which they are gradually expanding to the entire precro field. Through major subsidiaries such as Shanghai Pharmacism, Suzhou Pharmacism, Tianjin Pine, Wuhan Pine Ming, etc., a series of precro-cro-cro-based services, supported by small molecular compounds discovery and drug analysis and testing services, are offered to global clients.
Services to help global clients advance the process of research and development of major pharmaceutical products. Many new medicines have now been recognized for fda treatments in the United States, for orphans, and for “fast-car routes” in the United States.
The new model of drug discovery services, which is based on the success of the project, will allow for a greater uptake of biotechnology companies with limited initial financial resources to focus on projects with known targets and reduce the risk of research and development. By mid-2018, the company had submitted 36 cumulative clinical trials of new drugs for domestic clients.
The model further strengthened the company’s pre-cro service capabilities.
The company's core business block, which has seen steady growth in revenue: pre-cro is the firm's core business block. In recent years, the company has been actively expanding its domestic and foreign small and medium-sized growing clients while deepening the demand of its original clients, marginalizing costs, steadily increasing the income of the plate, and raising the Māori rate at a compound rate of 27.0 per cent over the last three years, representing total income.
The share has remained at more than 50%. Income of $4,141 million was achieved in 2017, an increase of 26.0% over the previous year, and income of $918 million for total income analysis and testing services, an increase of 16.3% over the same period.
A stable growth in the pre-cro segmentation of the drug Minkand Clinical Cro The small molecular compound found that service capacity was a cross-country leader: the strong competitors in the current pre-cro clinical operations worldwide include, inter alia, the transnational leader covance, charlesriver and home-grown companies Mingkong, Kang.
The focus is slightly different in terms of the compartments. Coovance covers the optimization of precursor compounds and subsequent drug analysis and testing. Charlesriver focuses mainly on safety evaluation. Condé focuses mainly on the discovery of small molecular compounds, which are largely untraceable firms in this area of disaggregation, with good competition patterns.
In both absolute and incremental amounts of income, pre-cro operations, especially small molecular compounds, have been found to be leading transnationally and leading national firms with considerable competitive advantages and good growth.
Covance's Cro compound acceleration for nearly three years prior to the clinical process reflects the trend that small molecular chemicals are still in the mainstream of research and development. The precro market is wide: with the rapid development of new drug front-line research, such as pd-1, car-t, biopharmaceuticals have been growing faster and smaller molecules have been developing in recent years.
The pace of development of chemicals is somewhat slow, and this is more related to the base of the small molecular chemical market, which has been responsible for more than 70% of the global pharmaceutical market. In our view, small molecular chemicals are stable and priced as a result of easy access to the synthetic process, in the context of increased health care reform and control of health spending in countries around the world.
The pre-cro market for small molecular chemical research and development is still large and is expected to grow steadily by about 10%, and to exceed $20 billion in 2021. The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom is the financial boom.
Multiple client outreach, pre-cro penetration is expected to continue to increase: companies have been deep-ploughing in the pre-cro field for many years, have established long-standing and stable partnerships with existing clients, and will continue to expand their domestic foreign ministers' tail clients, including the emerging company for the development of first innovations and virtual shipments without their own laboratories, while deepening the demand of their former clients.
Companies, for example, benefit from the advantages of an integrated and comprehensive research and development platform, which enables such long-tail clients to further increase their penetration of outsourced services. Currently, the pre-cro penetration rate in the pre-clinic pre-cro market at the global level is less than 5%, and is expected to increase rapidly in the future, with the corresponding pre-cro income at a steady rate of more than 20%.
3.2.2cmo/cdmo, the domestic leader of the Eastern financial and intellectual boom, combined with the growth of the small molecules ' new medicine process development and production: the cmo/cdmo service, which combines the entire pharmaceutical industry mainly through the controlling subsidiary
Integrated services (up to 2018.11.23 with 85.71 per cent share) for small and medium-sized pharmaceutical companies around the world for the development of small-molecule mellitus, raw materials and preparations from pre-clinical processes to commercial production are being developed, with the raw material drug cdmo operating and the formulation cdmo operating gradually.
In the case of raw materials, cdmo, which provides two stages of pre-clinical and post-clinic (including commercialization) services covering the pre-clinical stage, research and development of children during clinical i-iii, production and approval of new medicines, and commercialization of new drugs after they have been marketed, mainly for raw drug producers.
Artistic research services, R & D and experimental production services and commercial production. As of April 2018, there were eight differentiated production workshops with a total reaction volume of more than 1,000 cubic metres, covering a variety of customized production needs from gmp to non-gmp products, from clinical to commercial production.
For formulations cdmo, a major asset reorganization was completed in 2017 for the acquisition of agent assets and operations from Pharmacán Condé, enabling the provision of pre-prescription development, formulation development and production, packaging and labelling of clinically tested drugs, and the future formulation business will be extended to the commercial production phase of the drug.
In the industrial chain of production and production, which is directly downstream from the company’s original raw material pharmaceutical business, the cmo line of operations has been expanded from the former active intermediate, the raw material drug plate to the formulation development and production plate, and the business structure has been further expanded.
Strong company core competitiveness, improved customer satisfaction and company continued profitability. cmo/cdmo plate, with 2,187 million yuan in 2017, an increase of 24.03 per cent over the previous 24.3 per cent, of which cdmo earned 1,048 million yuan, an increase of 4.09 per cent over the same period, and cdmo earned 973 million in the post-cdmo period.
Dollars, 54.2% increase: the newly acquired formulation cdmo (pds) provides revenues of $166 million and integration is progressing well. As global demand for drug research and development outsourcing continues to grow, there is a steady increase in hand orders, while a large number of pre-clinic projects that have accumulated are moving into the post-clinic and commercial stages, and the project’s profitability is rising rapidly.
Up to mid-2018, full-time orders amounted to $390 million, with 484 pre-clinical and clinical phase 1 projects, 90 clinical phase 2 projects and 39 clinical phase 3 projects, which were approved for listing.
Figure 36: Stable growth in the income of the pharmaceutical industry cmo/cdmo, Figure 37: Stable growth in the income of the pharmaceutical industry cmo/cdmo post-clinic project, which promotes expansion of productive capacity and sustained growth in the level of Maori: small molecularization as the process of research and development of small molecular medicines progresses
The use of the conglomerates has increased significantly from the gram to the kg to the tonnage levels, while the cmo/cdmo production capacity has been tested. Since its establishment in 2012, production inputs have been increasing, with cmo/cdmo producing capacity exceeding 1,000 cubic metres by the end of 2017, providing a response chamber of 794,000 litres of capacity to ensure rapid production and capacity production.
The utilization rate remained at 73% and the production and sales rate remained at around 83%, in addition to the fact that the construction of the Permanent State Base, which is still under way, will further expand capacity, ensuring the smooth implementation of hand orders and future new orders. With the expansion of capacity, the scale effect will gradually be reflected, and the marginal cost reduction will lead to a rising level of Maori.
The overall Māori rate has increased from 25.8 per cent in 2012 to 43.3 per cent in 2017 and is at the forefront of the global cmo/cdmo industry, with the overall Māori rate expected to increase continuously as capacity continues to expand and later clinical projects with higher value added increase.
Figure 40: Rapid increase in the Cmo/cdmo Māori ratio for the whole industry
Cdmo's high-tech value added and high barriers to R & D capacity: as pharmaceutical companies continue to increase their cost controls and efficiency, traditional cmo enterprises rely solely on the production process and technical support provided by pharmaceutical companies for a single generation. Production services are no longer fully responsive to customer needs, and cdmo is able to build up its own production facilities and technology.
Increased number of process R & D, improved and innovative service functions to further assist pharmaceutical companies in improving their production processes, improving their efficiency and ultimately reducing their manufacturing costs, with much higher technological value added than traditional cmo, advanced R & D technologies, high standards of quality control, professional R & D personnel working together with high levels of R & D efficiency as important to cdmo enterprises
Based on continuous investment in technology research and development, talent development, etc., and the continuous upgrading of their research and development capabilities, customizing technological development and production control techniques with leading skills in research and development and production technologies, the number and per capita output of national-led research and development personnel, and the strengthening of core barriers to small-molecry pharmaceutical manufacturing.
Table 10: Globally certified level of research and development in the pharmaceutical industry, globally certified and certified level of technology research and development, China ' s first small molecular new drug research and production platform through fda review in the United States
China's first outsourced R & D production company (cdmo) has approved the production of innovative raw materials api's and intermediates through eight global regulators (including the United States fda (three times in 2013, 2014 and 2016), China cfda, EUema, Australia tga, Health Canada, Japan Ministry of Health, HLWL, Swiss Pharmaceutical Authority, New Zealand mpi)
With the exception of regulatory and regulatory audits, since 2004 the United Nations has successfully conducted audits of more than 300 clients, the source of financial growth in the East, the drug Ming Condé (603259), the leader of the outsourcing of drug research and development, the powerful of the age of innovation.
Local advantages add mah policy dividends, and cdmo penetration increases further: the current global chemical cdmo industry is mostly concentrated in countries such as Europe and the United States, where cdmo firms are very early and technologically mature and account for most of the market share, but its costs, inefficiencies, slow process development and other deficiencies are gradually reflected in relative costs.
Developing countries like China, India, and others, with improved technological capabilities, infrastructure development, and regulation of intellectual property regimes, have gradually attracted the attention of global customers, becoming powerful competitors for cdmo, a drug industry that leads the country, and overseas market expansion is expected to continue strong. Meanwhile, in June 2016, the State Council,
The Office issued a pilot programme for the licensing system for medicines listed on the market. Pilot work was carried out in 10 provinces (municipalities) in Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei, Shanghai, Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Fujian, Shandong, Guangdong and Sichuan; pharmaceutical research and development institutes or scientific staff in the pilot administrative areas could be registered as applicants for medicines and submit applications for clinical trials of drugs and medicines.
The mah system promotes the separation of drug research and development production, significantly increases the motivation of pharmaceutical development agencies and researchers who do not have large-scale production capacity, and provides a greater space for the development of cdmo enterprises.
By the end of 2018, two projects had been approved and four were in progress.
With 12.24 per cent of all domestic orders in 2017, the vast majority of orders are currently made overseas. They are currently being made as domestic cdmo leaders, with clear indigenous advantages in cost control, technology, etc., and the overseas market is expected to continue.
Expansion, coupled with the rapid growth of the country’s mah, is expected to provide a rapid increase in the country’s cdmo market. Depending on the drug industry, there is a clear advantage in the ability of the pharmaceutical industry to operate, but with less than 1% penetration globally, there is still much room for improvement, which is expected to sustain a steady increase in income of more than 20%.
Figure 42: World drug industry overseas orders account for a very large proportion of the total, Figure 43: The global cdmo market continues to expand, the source of financial prosperity in the East continues to grow.
Pharmacy Meng Condé (603259): Lead in the outsourcing of drug research and development, strong in the age of innovation 3.2.3 connected to international multi-centre clinics, continuous acceleration of clinical coro, late start of clinical coro, gradual expansion of the domestic market: compared to pre-cro business and cmo/cdmo
Business, company clinical co-operation, started late. Starting with the establishment of a registration and medical clinical research team in 2011, gradually entering the clinical co-services field, the purchase of Jinshil medicine in 2011, and the establishment of a joint venture with Pauline Medicine (pra) in 2012 (continent operations became fully-owned companies in 2015, renamed Kande Hong Kong Wing), which could be used as a joint venture.
Clients provide clinical laboratory technical services from  to iv, data management and statistical analysis services, registration filing services, medical equipment testing services and smo services. As of mid-2018, there were over 1,500 clinical coordinators (crc) providing clinical centre management services in 600 hospitals in nearly 100 cities throughout the country.
Completion of the United States rpg acquisition and enhancement of international multi-centre clinical service capacity: in July 2018, the company completed a full equity acquisition of the rpg, gradually expanding its clinical research service capacity in the United States and beyond, and further refining and expanding the IRDS platform.
Austen, with a highly flexible and experienced team of over 450 staff, can provide integrated services to partners globally, including project management, site selection and on-site management of research centres, drug safety and medical monitoring, spot-bed monitoring, data management, biometrics, and medical writing, covering clinical development.
At various stages, more than 60 countries and regions around the world have established good strategic partnerships with research and development institutions in North America, Europe, Africa, Asia and the Pacific, and Israel.
The main reasons for the decline in income in 2016 were the corresponding reduction in income from the company's removal of the big molecule biopharmaceutical business. With clinical co-services,
The domestic market has expanded rapidly and gradually into a high-speed and long-term income growth of 72.64% in 2017. The Cro as a whole has started late, the large-molecular biopharmaceutical business with a high Māori rate and the impact of events in the 7.22 industry, Māori levels are still low compared to high-quality clinical cotage medicine, but with clinical co-services
There is still scope for a rapid increase in the Māori rate over the last three years.
Clinical co-market space is huge, and company penetration is expected to increase rapidly: due to differences in the cost of different stages of new drug research and development, clinical co-markets have a higher market share than pre-cro in the entire co-market. According to statistics, the domestic clinical co-market was about 57% in 2013, and the global clinical co-market is around 57%.
The percentage is higher. Previously, due to the high quality and regulation of clinical laboratory research by overseas clients, inadequate level of clinical services in the country as a whole, the vast majority of indigenous clinical coro, including companies, provided clinical coro services only more in the domestic market and, as business grew, led by Teg medicine.
Bedcro has gradually acquired the capacity to take over the international multi-centre clinical co-services. The country’s clinical market is now more than $30 billion, maintaining a rapid growth rate of more than 20%, the company’s clinical co-starts a little late, and the country’s clinical co-filing rate is only around 1%, and as the subsequent market is opened up, the space is huge, and the rpg is raised.
The acquisition will significantly enhance the company ' s international multi-centre clinical co-service capacity, and will jointly promote the company ' s clinical co-cro figure 46: the rapid growth of the global and domestic clinical co-markets, the 3.2.4 Cdmo model, cell and gene therapy.
U.S. District Laboratory Services: The company operates mainly through a fully-owned subsidiary, apptec (Pharma Condé America), which has laboratories in three locations, Philadelphia, São Paulo and Atlanta. As of mid-2018, U.S. District Laboratory Research Services had approximately 960 employees and provided them with pharmaceutical, scientific and medical equipment.
The main driving force behind the rapid growth of US district laboratory services over the last two years is the firm’s vigorous development of cellular and gene therapy.
Business, contract size and client orders are on the rise, while fixed assets and human inputs are increasing significantly in the short term, as cell and gene therapy services are still in the process of building capacity. Cell and gene therapy are promising, comparable to drug research and development, leading to outsourcing services: cells represented by car-t therapy
And genetic therapy is more precise, more effective, less toxic, more extensive, and has the potential to become an important complement and synergy of existing drug treatments, with a wide market space. Research and development costs for cells and gene therapy are much different, and typically require higher costs than traditional drugs.
The development of cmo/cdmo services for cell and gene therapy is at an early stage.
The size of the market rose from $500 million in 2013 to around $1.2 billion in 2017, maintaining a 23.2 per cent growth in Eastern finances, and a period of growth in small molecular cdmo, cellular and genetic therapy: the company has a high degree of integration in Philadelphia, United States.
The Cdmo model provides clients with cell therapy and genetic therapy from product development to commercial production services, cytological therapy products and vectors using genetic engineering.
Household development and manufacture of cell and gene therapy products, of which 26 are in clinical trials 1 and 8 are in clinical trials from  to iii. The plate received 8.1% and 18.2% of the global and American cmo/cdmo markets in 2017, respectively, and is ranked fourth and second in the global and American markets, with cells and genes currently in place.
Treatment services are still in the build-up phase, with higher levels of capital assets and human investment, and a decline in the short term in the level of portfolio Maori; with the gradual release of capacity and project growth, income and profitability are expected to increase rapidly, and ... to contribute rapidly to the growth of companies.
Figure 50: Pharmacy Condium cell and gene therapy services gmp production cell therapy
• Virus vectors for gene therapy and gene editing (process development to commercial production) • cell bank and cell-based characterization analysis
Cell therapy and genetic • viral carrier testing services (slow viruses, gland viruses, glands)
3.2.5a+h Unit issues increased business capacity and growing ceilings. Globally, the complexity of developing innovative pharmaceutical products is increasing, and the demand for outsourcing from pharmaceutical companies and R & D institutions is growing in terms of cost, risk control and accelerated R & D progress. In the face of growing business demand, companies are facing growing demand.
Previously, chemical R & D, pre-clinical safety evaluations, etc., had reached capacity bottlenecks, while clinical coro, cellular and genetic therapy R & D production services were small and growing in size.a Shares were issued, PFP was expanded in operations: April 2018, companya shares were issued, fund raisers were raised
As the project progresses, on the one hand, the production problems of corporate security appraisals, chemical research and development, and partial diagnostic services will be effectively mitigated and the service delivery capacity rapidly improved.
Smo, clinical surveillance, bioanalysis, cellular and gene therapy research and development production are expected to expand rapidly.
East Hing Securities Insight Report, Pharmacy Condolence (603259): Drug research and development outsourcing leads, innovation-era champions, experimental platform building.
h Shares are issued to further expand the scope of operations and enhance the impact of the globalization platform: in December 2018, the corporate h shares were issued to further enhance the service capacity of existing operations through the mobilization of financial inputs and to promote the rapid expansion of new businesses, while a more open capital market environment helped to increase the impact of corporate globalization platforms.
The main purposes of the funds include expanding the productivity and capacity of all business units globally, acquiring the companies cro and cmo/cdmo, investing in and nurturing enterprises with innovative business models and growth potential in the health industry, developing high-end technology, repaying bank loans and operating funds for general purposes.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the depth report of East Hing, the drug Myung Condt. (603259), the lead in drug research and development outsourcing, the powerful of the age of innovation.
3.3 Platform capacity continues to expand and capital operations increase returns. In the process of outsourcing services for the production of new medicines in the company's deep-farming business, long-term collaboration with leading multinational pharmaceutical companies around the world allows close access to the front end of the pharmaceutical research and development process, new pharmaceutical research and development projects in the pharmaceutical industry and quality companies.
More mature experience and precision of judgement, through investment in publicly traded equity, non-listed equity and venture capital funds, will continue to extend the capacity of the pharmaceutical innovation platform to the entire health-care ecosystem, with further gains through capital operations.
By mid-2018, the company had achieved investment in 44 companies, with a total of about $1.4 billion in fair-value available gold financing, and the companies currently investing on the market include unitybiotechnology, inc., syrossharmaceatures, inc. and huamedicine; non-listed companies investing, including argentinc.
Xwlaboratoriesinc., fogpharmaceatures, inc., etc.; in addition, investment in funds such as archventurefund viiioverage, l.p., is expected to generate $600 million in revenue from a change in the fair value of financial assets in 2018.
The company is the leading global leader in outsourcing drug research and development, with strong advantages in the integration of the cro, cmo/cdmo production chain, significant benefits in the high-profile drug research and development outsourcing service track, the accumulation of cells and foundations due to the development of treatment services, medical equipment testing services and capital operations, and the prospect of increasing growth of the ceiling.
To be strong and to maintain a “highly recommended” rating.
Uncertainty as to the return on fair value changes; less than expected progress in industrial policy; less than expected progress in fund-raising projects; industry competition risks; and the impact of exchange rate fluctuations.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the depth report of East Hing, the drug Myung Condt. (603259), the lead in drug research and development outsourcing, the powerful of the age of innovation.
Yang Raki, research assistant profile.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.