The company published a quarterly report in 2023, which generated income of $4,724 million, an increase of 2.5 per cent; net repatriation
591 million yuan, or 5.6 per cent; and eps 0.35, or 5.7 per cent, of completion data for 22,023q1
23.1 per cent, mainly due to a decline in cash paid by o1 companies for goods purchased and services received. 2301 Māori rates and net homecoming interest rates remained relatively stable. 20231 Māori ratios for completion of 23q1 led to a recovery in downstream demand for gypsum plates, while the cost of scrap paper was reduced at the same cost.
In March, real estate was completed at 62 million square metres, an increase of 32.0 per cent; in one quarter, the total volume of real estate construction was 194 million square metres, an increase of 14.7 per cent, a small increase over the same period in 2021 and 2019, and the data for the completion of the work in one quarter was better overall.
And the price of 2023q1 scrap paper is falling more sharply than in the same period the previous year, and corporate cost pressures are further reduced. Corporate channels are being improved to lay the foundation for further development.
To continue to advance the “paste-plus” business; to continue to optimize the layout of the channels, to increase efforts to expand the local and domestic retail trade, to boost the share of the emerging blue sea market, such as urban renewal and consumer upgrading, and to accelerate the transformation of the main product into consumer-type construction materials.
O1 has grown steadily, and we maintain the original profit forecast.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy operations Construction materials: assembly of construction materials
A small increase in performance and a reduction in the net cash outflows from operating events: in the first quarter of 2023, the company achieved a revenue of $4,724 million, or 2.5 per cent; a net return of $591 million, or 5.6 per cent; a net gain of $562 million, or 4.0 per cent, from the parent; and a net gain of eps0.35, or 5.7 per cent, from the firm 2023q1.
On the other hand, the net cash flow for the operations of 23q1 was $317 million, representing a 23.1 per cent decrease in net outflows compared to the same period in the previous year, mainly due to a fall in cash payments for goods purchased and services received by the company during the first quarter of the year.
The improvement in the data for the completion of the 2023q1 property is expected to lead to a recovery in downstream demand for the gypsum plates and a reduction in the cost-side pressure. There has also been a slight increase in the housing stock in March and the same period in 2019, with better overall completion data for the first quarter. The improved completion of the data will drive downstream renovations, the need for materials to warm back and the need for the gypsum is expected to improve. And, the price of the 2023q1 scrap paper has dropped significantly compared to the same period in the previous year, with company costs.
Figure 5.223q1 has seen a marked improvement in the area of completion of property
In 2022, the company continued to optimize its canals, actively increasing the number and variety of channels around “higher vertically and more horizontally” and promoting the transformation of “one-wing” products into integrated application resolution systems. The company accelerated the transformation of its main product into consumer-type construction materials and stepped up its efforts to expand the local and domestic retail trade.
At the same time, inter-firm operations have steadily advanced, Tanzania’s base has grown in performance, and projects like Uzbekistan and Thailand have proceeded in an orderly manner, laying the foundation for sustained development while putting pressure on traditional areas.
With regard to the gypsum operations, the company has continued to promote the gypsum ceilings, wall-blocking systems, etc., to increase the development of new products, to promote new products such as the gold sheet and the clean sheet, and to develop and develop the Ruban All-File Packing System, and to improve the public sector's products and technical solutions.
In 2023, the company, through self-development and joint restructuring, will steadily advance the development of the paint business and make specialized paints. Waterproof operations affect the company’s cash flow, the price of raw materials is higher than expected, and demand is less favourable.