30/04/04/ 2022 \triangleright, 6.79% increase in the same year; net profit of 3.256 million yuan in the same year; net gain of 2.11% increase in the same year in the realization of deductions
In a single quarter, with hundreds of billions of dollars in revenue, \triangleright has opened up the door. \Triangleright, in the face of recurring epidemics, supply chain challenges and complex global economic, geopolitical and changing circumstances.
Reverse growth in the four financial indicators of non-repatriate net profits (year-on-year + 6.79 per cent), operating profits (year-on-year + 2.33 per cent), and negative growth in the q1 battalion since the company came on the market reflect a very strong level of productive resilience.
Transport costs incurred in the performance of customer sales contracts have been shown in the “business cost” project since 21 q4 as a result of a change in accounting policy, with companies adjusting from 21 q4 with a retroactive Māori rate of 7.22 per cent for 21 q1 and 22 q1 Mt.
The digital economy pole companies, three major industries, have sufficient dynamic growth, communications and network equipment: mobile routers, wifi6/6e unwieldy cargoes, expected to be 5g.
Massivemimo’s output is expected to grow rapidly in the second half of the year. The company reinforced the 5g+ layout, the 5g+car network, the product covered the peripheral operating module, the 5gobu and the car network module, and the lighthouse plant as a whole imported 5g+mec, 5g+industrial ar and 5g+ipcam products.
Cloud computing: Under the digital transition wave and the contours of meta-cosmology, cloud computing has grown strongly, and companies have captured the cloud-streaming (csg) market and are working with clients to develop the latest generation of cloud game operators.
Review: Reverse growth in performance, horizontal expansion of the first industrial Internet: the fiicloud industrial Internet platform is well developed, with more than 1,300 enterprises in eight major sectors such as electronics, machinery, orbital transport, automobiles, precision metal processing, upstream aluminium materials, etc.
2. Industrial enrichment (601138): overall business well-being, efficiency gains and cost reductions; external development through the integration of new technologies, in-depth application of specific applications, to advance the standardization process, with more flowering
Translating the company’s own strengths into replicable, standardized products and solutions. Horizontally expanding the industry to create a second growth curve \triangleright
Four times the amount, more active investment activity, shows that companies are actively exploring new growth dynamics, accelerating the deployment of semiconductors + new energy vehicles + the dollar universe, and trying to create a second-growth curve. Investment advice: We are optimistic about corporate resilience, looking forward to industrial Internet release and economies of scale.
Billion dollars, equivalent to 9x/8x/7x, and 16 times the value centre of the company's valuation since it was listed. Maintenance of \triangleright's methodological and analytical logic to draw conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.