Resource and Environmental Research Center Market development, revenue management, three major hubs around the world of radiation, building on the promising base: Orient Airlines formed two of the world's cores.
The hub, the regional hub of Xi An Kunming, has a country-wide route, based on ACI radiation. Shanghai has a clear regional advantage. As an international portal hub, the flow of traffic has reached 41% in Shanghai and Shanghai.
The Star Hall will be made operational, both of which will contribute to the rapid increase in traffic at Pudong Airport, while the increase in marketized full fares will boost Shanghai’s market yields. Two regional hubs will not only increase the flow faster, compound faster than 12%, and operate more efficiently in the same industry, laying the foundation for keeping the flow higher.
Aviation as a base company will benefit fully from the rapid development of the three main hubs.
In the summer and autumn season, the international route was the most cautious and the level of international revenue is expected to increase further.
With the completion of the package, the supply of international routes has slowed down, the level of earnings has decreased considerably, and the most obvious improvement is in the East. 3. Multiple cost increases, investment returns have contributed to the industry.
And the company began to shift its focus towards refined revenue management, resulting in a double increase in guest rates and fares. Oil price disturbances cannot be ignored, and exchange rates are becoming less and less influential: the cost of fuel is the biggest cost, and the surface of the ship.
The higher risk of fuel, if the price of oil rises by 20%, the sensitivity of the East China Airlines vis-à-vis the parent ' s net profit in 2017, drives the price of oil to rise, and the introduction of fuel surcharges is expected to arrive. Due to the more efficient use of aircraft fuel, the East China fuel surcharge can cover about 81% of the cost of oil, higher than the cost of the national and southern voyages.
In terms of exchange rates, the Division has begun to gradually reduce the ratio of its United States dollar liability, attempting to mitigate the risk of exchange rate fluctuations, and the sensitivity of its net profits to exchange rates is gradually decreasing. Easterroe, with net interest rates in the three main airspaces, has clearly underestimated and has a restoration incentive.
The Great Base Hub is promising, the international front-line input is entering the harvest period, the return level is expected to improve, the domestic line benefits from improved supply and demand in the industry, and is beginning to focus on revenue management, and performance growth is accelerating.
The three main hubs are all over the world, depending on the prospects of the base.
1.1 The three main bases that support the global network are located in Shanghai, one of the three major Chinese state-owned airlines, and the predecessor can trace back to the first flight squadron set up by the former Civil Aviation Administration in Shanghai in 1957.
In December 1994, the former Orient Airlines headquarters and sub-units were transformed into joint-stock companies, forming the Orient Airlines Group, and in 2002 the former Orients Group was jointly reorganized with China Northwest Airlines and Yunnan Airlines, respectively.
The acquisition of the bases of Xian and Kunming and the formation of the China Eastern Air Group, one of the three leading air transport groups in the country. In 2010, the integration of Shanghai air traffic was absorbed by Orient, eliminating competition with the city, giving Orient ' s share of the two races in Shanghai an absolute advantage.
At present, Orient Air has two core hubs in the sea, with West Ankomin as the base of the regional hub, with a country-wide route and a network of air transport to 177 countries and 1,074 destinations based on the platform of cooperation of the Alliance to provide high-quality and easy air transport for global passengers.
1.2 Two bases in Shanghai are at the core, regional hubs are efficiently developed  and above are at the core of the sea as well as the main base, with Orient Airlines in the cities of Rainbow Bridge and Pudong Airport taking an absolute lead, with Shanghai's excellent geographical location, and the quality of the company's upstream resources is within the industry
One and two. By calculating the flight schedule for the summer and autumn season of 2018, Orienta reached 41 per cent in Shanghai and only 8 per cent and 11 per cent in China, China and South. (This calculation is time-based and includes domestic and international flights and foreign airlines operating at two locations in Shanghai.)
There is a clear advantage in the position of the Shanghai airport. As a mega-city and as a gateway to our country, with a large passenger capacity, there will be no need to worry about the flow of both sides of Shanghai, and the main base of the Orient Airlines will be sufficient.
Millions of times, more than the sum of passengers at Beijing's capital and Nanjing airport, have become the city with the highest demand for air travel in the country. At the same time, Pudong airport is the international complex hub, leading the country in terms of international passenger traffic.
In 2017, the international and regional brigades at Pudong Airport received 34.72 million passengers, an increase of 4.4 per cent, compared with 2,574 million in the capital of Beijing, and the international travel needs of Shanghai and Long Triangle regions served as a strong guarantee for the development of international routes.
▪ In 2017, the two traffic surges slowed down in Shanghai. Due to the chronic failure of the Pudong Airport operational data, they were punished by the Civil Aviation Authority, which discontinued the processing of airline requests for overtime, charters and additional airline flights at Pudong Airport, and as the Rainbow Bridge airport was saturated with production capacity, which resulted in a small increase in the number of flights in Shanghai as a whole.
In October 2017, the Bureau of Civil Aviation issued a number of policy measures to upgrade the flight activity rate by adjusting the operating stock structure of flights.
Since then, business indicators such as the Pudong airport compliance rate have increased significantly, from 51 per cent in August 2017 to 84 per cent in October, and remain above 83 per cent. It is expected that the penalties will be lifted in May 2018, which will contribute to an acceleration in traffic at Pudong airport. In addition, the Pudong airport satellite hall will be built in late 2019.
In January 2018, the National Development and Reform Commission and the Civil Aviation Authority issued an update on further progress in the reform of air passenger transport prices in civil aviation.
After the announcement, 306 new market-regulating routes will be added, amounting to a total of 1030, and all first-line cities (wide north) will be subject to market regulation, with 21 main coordinated airports with more than 85 per cent of the market-regulating flight routes.
According to the UFO data, there are currently 231 direct domestic routes from Shanghai, and 31 Shanghai routes are in a pool of routes that can raise the full fare before the ticket market is added. This city has been reformed and 21 new ones have been added. As a result, all Shanghai routes to the 21 main coordinated airports have entered the market.
By passenger traffic, the 21 additional routes account for 43% of passenger throughput at Pudong Airport. According to the new rules for the marketing of ticket prices at the Civil Aviation Authority, each air transport company moves up the market every season.
In principle, the number of routes in which economy class passengers publish their prices without discounts must not exceed 15% of the total number of market-modified routes operated by the Director-General during the season, or 10% of the cumulative increase in each route without discount for each season.
We believe that the Shanghai market is in high demand, that the total fare is now well below about 50% of the balanced price, that the price increase is more certain, and that there will be a significant increase in the earnings of the Shanghai market. From the 46 highest-income routes, the Shanghai market currently occupies eight.
We assume that the current discount on fares averages 80%, and the number of passengers on each route is calculated on the basis of the 2015 data in Shanghai at two speeds of increase. If all eight routes are priced by 10%, and the discount rate remains unchanged, it will increase by 1.06 billion yuan, corresponding to 12.6% net profit elasticity in 2017.
The advantage of Orient Airlines at the regional hub is also evident. The schedule of flights for the summer and autumn of 2018, measured in calibres, points out for Orient Airlines at Xianyang and Kunming Long Water Airport.
Not to reach 30 per cent and 37 per cent, well above 10 per cent and 13 per cent of the national voyage and 12 per cent and 10 per cent of the South. Qui Xianyang and Kunming Longwater Airports, although south-east of the Hu Xinyang line and belonging to 21 major coordinating airports, remain geographically located in the western part of the airspace, with Xian as the country.
The north-west portal of the One Way strategy, Kunming, is the South-East Asia portal, with traffic growing at a significantly higher rate than the main first-line airport and industry level. Since 2010, the combined rate of passenger throughput has been 12.0 per cent and 12.8 per cent, well above the 5.9 per cent compound rate of the high north-wide deep-line airport, and also faster than the national master.
For the airport, the combined rate of passenger throughput is 10.7 per cent. Currently, at Kunming Longwater and Xianxianyang airports, passengers throughput exceeds 40 million, ranking 6th and 8th, respectively.
The Civil Aviation Authority, in October 2017, issued certain policy measures (hereinafter referred to as " the Measures " ) to adjust the operating volume structure of the class to increase the normal rate of flights, which set standards for airport capacity growth and reduction, which would have not occurred in the most recent year if the airport ' s peak hour capacity were to be adjusted.
Serious insecurity caused by, inter alia, airports, air terminals, and air flight clearance normal rates of at least nine months and no less than 80 per cent. Xi'an and Kunming airports have long maintained high positions, with a majority of points prior to the promulgation of the Measures.
Over 80%. Between March 2017 and February 2018, Xian and Kunming airports had a compliance rate of no less than 80% of the months of 9 months and 10 months, respectively, and met the criteria for increasing airport capacity.
Air will benefit fully and will contribute to further growth in corporate aviation demand.  Summary: two oceans above Orient Airlines are the core hub, and Xi An Kunming is the regional hub, with routes covering the entire country.
The speed will return and the demand for air travel will be strong, providing guarantees for higher fares: regional hub traffic will increase at a better rate than the national level, and operating efficiency will remain high for the long term. Orient Airlines, as a base company, will benefit fully from the rapid development of the hub, which will help companies to continuously raise their income and profitability.
2.1 The international market is beginning to grow, and the profit level is ahead of the industry  All major airlines in 2016 due to the outbreak of our out-of-country cruises and the seizure of Central and Central American air traffic rights by the Director of Navigation.
Increased investment in international long-range routes, and an explosion in international routes ask, led to a significant decline in the level of international line revenue. In 2017, with the gradual distribution of shipping rights, the Department of Ocean Affairs and the Law of the Sea gradually invested additional capacity in international routes at short distances, both domestic and Asian, and slowed down the supply of international routes.
The level of horizontal decline has narrowed considerably, with the easterly route showing the most remarkable performance.  In 2016, the East Air international route ask increased by 28.9% on a year-on-year basis, and, as the supply grew too fast, in order to nurture the market and attract the flow, the level of revenue from the East international route declined the most in the three major flights.
Large, with a 14.4 per cent drop in the share of revenue per unit of seat, in 2017, as the distribution of air traffic rights between the United States and the United States in Sector 1 slowed down our international line capacity, and the development of long international routes by the East is nearing maturity, with the international line ask declining to 10.9 per cent.
The drop in supply speed has led to an improvement in supply and demand for international routes, and the level of revenue from the three international routes has been significantly reduced. By seizing and nurturing international markets, the three international routes have been seized.
In 2017, the unit km of the international line dropped by 4.1 per cent over the same period, by 10.3 per cent compared to 2016, and the national and southern flights fell by 5.3 per cent respectively.
In 2017, the unit per kilometer of the international line was 0.36, which was higher than the national and the southern flights were 0.32.  We believe that this is either because of the relatively high number of short-range international flights and the level of unit gains.
More than Brother Air. Despite the recent increase in the capacity of the Chinese-American long range route, the ratio of international flights within four hours remains the highest among the three major flights, with 64.4 per cent of international flights and 52.3 per cent of national and southern flights in the summer and autumn of 2017.
61.1%. Most of these flights are Japanese and Korean flights or flights to neighbouring countries in South-East Asia.  Looking forward to 2018, our international air traffic rate will be further reduced, supply and demand will improve.
By calculating the schedule of international flights of domestic airlines in the summer and autumn of 2018, we can see clearly that the supply of international air traffic has fallen. During the calculation, in order to get the actual ask speed of the flight schedule, we made further calculations. With regard to the number of seats, we were able to calculate the number of seats.
Assuming that the average number of seats on the broad body is two times the size of the narrow body, resulting in a sum of seats for the winter and spring season, divided by an average number of flights, resulting in an increase in the speed of seats; with regard to the distance, we calculate the distance using the time of the voyage as an alternative indicator and subtracting 30 minutes from each flight during the calculation.
The rotation time for flying and landing, plus the total flight distance, is also divided by the number of flights, the average range is obtained, and the distance increase is calculated. On the basis of the above calculations, we have derived an increase in the supply speed of the international route ask from the National Aviation Department.
The fall of 22.5 per cent in the autumn was 9.9 pct, mainly due to the increase in the volume and distance of 3.8 pct, the fact that the Department of Ocean Affairs and the Law of the Sea had launched more international flights to first-line airports (higher north) and that such international flights had increased at a high rate with the intention of earning higher returns in markets with greater demand; 2018
A 4.2 per cent increase over the same period in the summer and autumn season, a decrease of 4.1 pct compared to the same period in 2017, shows the separation of one line of airfields from the rest of the airport, which is expected to drop by 3.5 per cent over the same period in the summer and autumn of 2018 and increase by 5.9 per cent over the same period in 2017.
With fewer increases, the Division has invested more international capacity in short-range routes such as Japan and Thailand, while at its remaining airports, the distance increase has increased significantly, from 11.6 per cent during the summer and autumn season of 2017 to an expected increase of 19.4 per cent, indicating that some long range rights are still available at the remaining airports.
In the case of China and Central Europe, for example, the Civil Aviation Authority divided the mainland of China into three regions, all of which were allocated to three regions. The first region includes the north and the north; the second is Guangdong, Zhejiang, Jiangsu, Tianjin, Shandong, Hebei and Fujian, with the exception of Guangzhou.
At present, there are 180 classes/weeks in Sector I, 160 shifts/weeks in Sector II, 28 shifts/weeks in Sector II, and no shifts in Sector III. In Region I, the United States has been fully allocated. According to the schedule of flights for the summer and autumn season of 2018, 68 flights/weeks in Sector I, 46 flights/weeks in Sector II, and 46 flights/weeks in Sector II, respectively.
The US has actually opened 156 classes/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks/weeks./weeks/weeks..
There are about 25 shifts/weeks left, and there are no plans to open a large number of new flights. There are no Chinese-American flight restrictions in the three sectors, which is either the reason for the high rate of air distance growth in the remaining airports.
A total of 53 shifts/weeks were carried out during the season, with a partial balance of approximately one new route per year, 7 shifts per week.
The international route schedule for the autumn season is expected to increase by only 2.3 per cent on the same date, with the lowest of the three flights, and we are expected to shift our focus to fine-tuning revenue management to raise the level of revenue. In the same time, all flights will be dropped to a 4-10-hour voyage, and there will be a significant reduction in the four-hour race.
The race for too intense a course and more than 10 hours to optimize the network of routes and to channel its capacity back into the warmer Japanese-Kanta-Thai route has further boosted the company’s leading position in terms of the international hub’s kilometre yield.  Overall, the seizure of long-range shipping rights and the high-speed release of international lines during the 2016-2017 period
After that, Central and Central Europe’s market pattern stabilized, Japan and Thailand’s airline fares warmed, the international market as a whole experienced a steady drop in returns, and the international line’s input from East China was more robust in 2018, with full access to the industry’s inter-country ask boom having been significantly reduced, improved profitability resulting from improved supply and demand, and the level of returns may be on the right track.
The weaker international lines are Australia’s routes, or because of the speed with which the air traffic is flowing, the Australian market has lost revenue levels and partly lowers the international line’s profits. 2.2 The domestic line-beneficiary industry has improved its climate and has begun to shift towards revenue management.
▪ In the first half of 2017, the air industry experienced high demand, with a marked increase in the number of guests in the domestic market, and a high level of temperature, which also contributed to an increase in the level of domestic line earnings. But in the second half of the year, the demand for civil aviation fell, owing, inter alia, to weather and spot rates, delaying the rate of occupancy and per unit per person’s per person’s per person’s per person’s per person’s per person’s per capita earnings for 2017.
Then, at the end of October 2017, the Civil Aviation Authority issued document No. 115, which provides policy support for a renewed upscaling of the aviation industry. The control of the total number of first-line airports indirectly limits the ability of air companies to operate their domestic lines, while the demand returns to high levels, and the aviation industry will continue to improve.
We believe that this policy-led upturn will be fully reflected in the summer and autumn season, when the number of seats and fares will double, and the airline’s performance will be on the upper route. With Orient Airlines as the two main base companies in Shanghai, the overall environment for improved supply and demand will be public.
The profit level has been positive, and the company has begun to focus its efforts in favour of revenue management, trying to maximize profits, which will also result in a significant increase in the company’s earnings.  The three major airline passenger occupancy rates have increased steadily since May 2016, and the aviation landscape has improved.
In the first half of 2017, the passenger rate for the three major domestic lines reached 82.9%, an increase of 1.9 pct over the same year, and reached its highest level in 2013.
The rise in the temperature was partly directed to the level of earnings of the Division, with the return per unit per kilometer in the first half of 2017 and a significant increase in the rate of earnings for the first half of the year for the United States, South and East. In 2017, the return for each unit per kilometer of the United States, South and East.
▪ In 2018, Oriental Airlines will continue to build on the industry landscape, with a further increase in revenue levels. As the Civil Aviation Authority controls the total volume of first-line airports at all times, and indirectly limits the ability of airlines to deliver domestic lines, improvements in supply and demand will be fully reflected during the summer season.
In analysing the supply of and demand for domestic routes, since the Civil Aviation Authority is targeting mainly the more saturated first-line airports, we divide the domestic market into one-line airport routes (on take-off or landing at one end of the long north) and the rest of the airport routes, exploring the availability of different types of airports.
We found that the overall domestic route plan for the summer and autumn season 2018 had increased by 8.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis, not by a contraction, but by 0.4 pct on a year-on-year basis, and that the internal air traffic route of the first and the rest of the airport ask had dropped from 3.2 per cent during the summer and autumn season 2017.
In mid-April 2017, the impact of the major low-base repair of the runway at the capital airport was reduced at a time when it laid the foundation for a shrinking ask at one of the country ' s front-line airports. (2) The average number of seats increased significantly, by 1.2 per cent (previous value 0.1 per cent), making up for the ask surge, partly due to the drop in the volume of flights.
We believe that this is due to the high demand in the domestic front-line market, the airline ' s desire to meet domestic demand through more use of large aircraft, and the net introduction of high peaks in 2017 by the three broad-body aircraft, and the larger number of aircraft that can be placed on the domestic line. But with the slowdown in the introduction of the broad-body aircraft, the domestic demand for air travel has slowed down.
The fleet continues to operate at a limited rate, and the demand for international lines is recovering, and the proportion of airframes placed on domestic routes will gradually decrease, with the average number of seats declining, further lowering the ask acceleration. 3) The average range increase is 0.8 per cent (previous 1.5 per cent), a slight decrease, indicating that the Department of Navigation is more active at first-line airports.
Given the optimal structure and economic efficiency of the network of routes, there has been a decline in the willingness to open long-range routes. Overall, the drop in the number of flights has been the main cause of the contraction in the supply of domestic routes at first-line airports during the autumn season of 2018, and this trend has been accompanied by an increase in the accuracy of points and a significant pre-natal investment in the aviation infrastructure.
In continuity. Although airlines increase the proportion of first-line market wide-body machines, given that first-line airports, 5.4 per cent of passengers in 2017, were in short supply at the same rate, there are still domestic routes on the first-line airport, and for the rest of the airport, the supply of ask rose from 13.1 per cent during the summer and autumn 2017 season.
14.2 per cent of the summer autumn season as a result of the analysis: 1) For the second- and third-line airport, the speed of flights is high, and in the second- and third-line market, the airline hopes to add to the country a few longer routes that compete less with high iron, thus reducing the impact of high-iron diversions.
Overall, the planned supply of the remaining airports on the domestic route increased slightly during the winter spring season of 2017/18, maintaining a high level of 14.2% of ask at a higher rate than in 2017, at a faster rate of 14.2% of passengers at the remaining airports, with no apparent shortfall in supply or demand.
Against this background, more energy is being invested in the second- and third-line market, with a low proportion of wide-body machines, short distances, high-speed competition between routes, and a more narrow trend in the second- and third-line market. So the supply and demand gap for first-line domestic airport routes is far greater, fare increases are more certain, and the rest of the routes are more secure.
The rise in fares is not supported by enough data. For the East China Airlines, the domestic first-line transport effort, which represents 33.5 per cent of its projected summer and autumn seasons in 2018, will benefit fully from the supply and demand gap in the first-line market, with a double increase in aviation prices and a further increase in revenue levels.
▪ For the summer season of 2018, the low-base effect will add to the price of Eastern aviation volume. During the summer of 2017, ask increased at a lower rate than in the year (in February, due to spring staggered seasons).
2.4 per cent, but the impact on passenger demand is even more negative, with three seasons of passenger occupancy falling by 0.7 per cent for the first time in 2015. Orient Airlines grew by 9.3 per cent in July-September 2017 and rpk by 7.2 per cent in the same year, resulting in a drop of only 81.6 per cent.
But we find that if the rate of implementation were to be extended to the entire summer and autumn season due to the time frame, we could see that the overall rate of implementation in the aviation sector was maintained until the new civil aviation deal was introduced, with a 96% rate of implementation for the summer and autumn season 2016.
With 97 per cent of the summer and autumn season in 2017, the actual rate of increase was 9.4 per cent, a slight increase over the planned rate of 8.3 per cent, and even with 99 per cent implementation in the summer and autumn season in 2018, the actual rate of increase will continue to decline, with further impetus to the arrival and reception of Easter passengers as a result of the low base caused by the fall in summer demand in 2017.
In the summer and autumn of 2018, the benefit was better. In addition to benefiting from a contraction in the supply and demand gap in the industry, the company began to fine-tune revenue management, optimize the route structure and the air fare delivery structure at different prices, with seating rates.
In an attempt to translate higher passenger rates into higher levels of return, animal control was within the bounds of affordability. Until 2017, the focus of the Easter Air was more on market expansion and the development of new routes, with a sharp decline in the level of revenue, with a similar reduction of 6.5 per cent per unit km in 2016, and a difference between the State and the South.
The only single single unit per unit in the three voyages has seen a positive increase in passenger kilometre earnings, with a small drop in passenger occupancy rates, which eventually recorded the largest increase in passenger kilometre earnings. In 2017, the unit per passenger kilometre was 0.4 per cent higher than in the previous year, the passenger kilometre rate was 0.15 per cent lower, the unit kilometre gain was 0.2 per cent higher, and the distance between the national and the south was 0.2 per cent higher.
Not to mention -1.1 per cent and 0.1 per cent - we believe that the fine management of the proceeds of the East China Air is going to continue and that the company's profitability will continue.
The most cautious international route was launched in the summer and autumn of 2018, while the network of routes was optimized, which contributed to the company’s leading position in terms of the international kilometre yield. On the domestic line, the easterly route would fully benefit from the policy-led upturn, serving as the two main bases in Shanghai.
Companies, with high aviation demand, start to focus their efforts on fine revenue management, and try to maximize profits.
At this point, oil prices have become a major source of concern for the aviation unit. Saudi Arabia’s Arab-American expectations of short-term profits, such as listing, Syria’s geopolitics, and the downside of international crude oil stocks, have contributed to rising oil prices and higher pressure on airline fuel costs.
The cost of fuel is the highest for airlines, but because oil prices are uncontrollable and the volume of oil used is relatively rigid, airlines are exposed to greater fuel risk, and the impact on performance is not negligible. Fuel costs account for about 25-40% of the operating cost of the airlines, with the average price of Brent crude oil in 2017.
US$ 54.8/bbl corresponding to the customs price of aviation kerosene imports at US$ 4204/t. For the Eastern Line, US$ 25.13 billion in 2017 consumed 6.22 million tons of oil. If the price of oil rises by 20 per cent, that is, $841/t, Brent's oil price is now over US$ 74/bbl, and in the face of rising oil prices, it is charged fuel.
The surcharge is expected to arrive. In January 2017, Brent had an average price of $69.1 per barrel, corresponding to the February stop-to-shore tax price of $5127 per tonne.
* Circular on the establishment of a mechanism for connecting fuel for passenger transport with the price of air kerosene on the domestic routes of civil aviation.
The Authority limits the collection of the highest standards by setting the unit rate and collecting the starting point.
Over 800 km of long-distance routes, calculated uniformly at 1,500 km. In 2017, the combined purchase cost of air kerosene per ton exceeded the base price of $100 per ton and the fuel extra unit rate was the highest not to exceed $0.00256 per ton. In March 2015, to further promote air transport companies
The fuel-plus maximum standard calculation formula has been adjusted accordingly to read as follows:
Highest additional standard for fuel from less than 800 km (inclusive) to less than = 0.0000256 x (combined domestic aviation kerosene procurement cost - 5000) x highest additional standard for fuel from more than 800,800 km
=0.0002566 x (combined domestic aviation kerosene procurement costs - 5000) x 1500  fuel surcharge on international routes, which can be reported by each airline to the Civil Aviation Authority and the RRC on the basis of oil prices. From Eastern Air data, we can send it.
Now, the fuel surcharge on international routes is not very much related to international oil prices, more so as an international route, the first half of the year of $413 fell to $370 in the first half of 2017, less than the fall in oil prices, and the losses from the rapid fall in the price of the footer. In the second half of 2017, the fuel surcharges were reached per person.
The $464, or a 22% increase in the same year, was the first time that, in the process of raising the fare, the fuel surcharge was chosen to reduce the decline in demand caused by the rapid rise in the bare fare price. We also measured the proportion of the fuel surcharge that could cover the increased cost of aviation oil.
At a combined cost of $5,500 per ton of kerosene, a fuel surcharge of $10 per person per person and $20 per person per person would be levied on domestic routes of more than 800 kilometres and below, at which point the corresponding Brent oil price would be approximately $75.5 per barrel. We assume that 30% of passengers would be on three flights of less than 800 kilometres.
With a fuel surcharge on the international line and a market-regulated freight charge that can cover the cost of oil by raising prices, we believe that the increase in oil prices will have an impact only on domestic passenger transport, and that the countries receiving the surcharges will be able to calculate the amount of fuel that will be available for Easter fuel.
The cost of covered oil increased by 81 per cent, significantly higher than the cost of national and South flights, which we believe is either due to the more efficient use of aviation fuel, the consumption of 0.027 kg per km of oil for East and the higher rate of 2.1 per cent and 2.9 per cent, respectively.
▪ With respect to exchange rates, the exchange rate fluctuations experienced by the RMB in recent years have resulted in significant annual exchange gains or losses for the RMB. However, the RMB began to gradually reduce the ratio of its dollar liabilities and to try to reduce the risk of exchange rate fluctuations, and we can see that the net profit of the RMB is becoming less sensitive to exchange rates.
The depreciation of the United States dollar by 6.0%, the loss of 3.54 billion yuan on Eastern Airlines, the 6.2% appreciation of the renminbi against the United States dollar in 2017, and the gain of 20.0 billion yuan on Eastern Airlines show that companies are less sensitive to exchange rate movements. According to the 2017 annual report, for example, the dollar appreciated or depreciated by 1% against the renminbi.
In 2017, the net return on the assets of the three major financial indicators of the East China Airlines, South Air and East Air, respectively, was set at 260 million yuan, compared to 380 million yuan in 2016.
9.34%, 12.75%, and 12.67%. Dupont's analysis shows that the net capital gains and liabilities for the 2017 year were in the middle of the three major flights, with higher profitability than for the national and southern voyages, and the net interest rates for the Chinese, Southern and Orient aviation, respectively, in terms of the profitability of the companies.
5.97%, 4.64%, and 6.24%. The net interest rate for East China is slightly higher than for State and South China and is more profitable, but the net interest rate for Eastern Air is 4.95% and for Roe 9.48%, both between State and South China, excluding the return on investment of $1.754 billion from East China Logistics Transfers.
In terms of the efficiency of the operation of the assets, the ratio of turnover of the assets of China National Airlines, South Air and East Air is not equal to 0.53, 0.61 and 0.47, and the efficiency of the operation of the assets of East Air is relatively low. In terms of the level of liability, the equity multipliers for China National Air, South Air and East Air are 2.97, 4.51 and 4.36, respectively.
This represents an increase of 1.4 pct (0.1 pct, after deducting the return on investment in East China’s logistics). By contrast, South China’s net interest rate grew faster, while the net interest rate on national shipping remained stable.
On the whole, the main indicators, such as East Chinaroe, net interest rate, asset turnover, etc., are in the middle of the three flights, of which Roe is higher than the national shipping, net interest rate is higher than the South China, asset liability is lower than the South China, and the company is more robust. For future increases in ticket ceilings due to marketization, we believe that there is a net gain for Air.
Following the consolidation of Orient and Shanghai Aviation in 2010, performance was lower and higher, with total assets rising steadily, with intra-valorized shocks between pe and pb. From 2011 to the present, Orient Airlines valued between 10 and 25 times less than 2014
The average value of the pe, which is about 15 times lower than the price of the oil in one quarter, is currently about 13 times the value of the 18-year pe, which is undervalued. Between the double and the three-fold range, the average is about 2.2 times, and the current pb is about 1.8.
The average value of the Chinese Airline is 1.7 times as high as it has been since 2011, but it is now 1.9 times higher than the historical average. The average historical value of the South Airline has been 1.6 times that of the same period, and the current value of the pb is 2.0 times higher than the historical average.
In combination with the roe level, Orient Air is in the middle of three major flights, but pb is the lowest evaluated, with a need for repairs (rpk): aviation needs continue to be civilianized, domestic demand rose in 2018, exit requirements were maintained, and demand or progress was achieved as a result of the launch of the Beijing II airport and Shanghai Satellite Office in 2019
Ask: Due to the high domestic aviation demand, the risk implications of international demand such as destination country policies, and the tight rights of Central and Central Europe, it is expected that companies will invest more of their capacity into the country.
Large supply and demand gaps and marketized and liberalized routes are projected to increase passenger per unit per person per person per person on the first line in 2018 by the same 6.0 per cent, while demand for the remaining routes is growing rapidly and fuel costs are projected through revenue management: assuming an average price of $68 per barrel for Brent for the entire year 2018-2020, respectively
In addition, in order to capture the growth rate of life in the company, we have measured the rate of growth in the company ' s performance based on the above assumptions, after eliminating the impact of oil prices and exchange rates.
The growth rate, the unit cost of oil prices, has remained constant since 2015, at $3822.1 per tonne, and the renminbi exchange rate has declined. This will result in a significant weakening of air passenger and freight demand, as well as a containment of freight prices.
The Civil Aviation Authority’s supply is higher than expected. A faster rate of accuracy may result in a premature relaxation of the civil aviation supply by the Civil Aviation Authority, a smaller contraction in the air supply or a continued increase in the capacity of the aviation industry, which may put pressure on ticket prices and even lead to price wars.
Extreme events. Impacts such as disease outbreaks and severe weather events will result in higher than expected increases in oil prices for the airline industry.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment