Pride petrochemicals (002493) Launching of the Quality Return Double Action Program, Mt. 2024 02
# Platform-based layout # Second curve #
▪ Events: On 1 March 2024, the company issued a programme of action entitled “Standing the Quality Return” aimed at improving the quality of the company's business development, the value of its investments and the level of its sustainable development.
Since its listing, the company has updated its Shareholder Return Plan for the next three years on several occasions. By the end of 2023, the company had accumulated 13 cash dividends, totalling nearly $7.5 billion.
The company’s conglomerates of shareholders announced an increase in the company’s shares of US$10-20 billion, with no price range to be set, further underscore their confidence in the company’s prospects for doing business. • Integrating, globalizing, and innovative layouts continue to be scaled up, actively promoting efficiency gains in the industrial chain.
The company is the world’s leading petrochemical company, with industrial chains covering various links such as refining oils, chemicals, and chemical fibres, and actively extending new energy sources, new materials, etc., among other products. The company uses the ZP platform as a basis for extending three new material projects downstream, with a combined investment of over 100 billion.
In addition to this, the company actively pursued the globalization landscape by introducing Saudi Arabia-Amey as a strategic investor in 2023, and in January 2024 it further signed a Memorandum of Understanding with Saudi Arabia-Ammy on the acquisition of 50 per cent of Saudi Arabia-Ammy Jubail refining, and the acquisition of no more gold or petrochemicals in Saudi-Ammy purchases.
50% of the shares are discussed. At the same time, the two sides are planning to jointly develop a new and glorious material (Chusan), “Emeritalization” (002493): 2023 performance forecast, with a total investment of 67.5 billion dollars, to extend the new layouts, peo, ptt, chdm, pct, etc.
Material products, fine-tuning properties are further highlighted.: The refined products are recovering, together with Ames, the export profits of the finished oils are rising, the aromatic industry is moving up the grid.
The oil price gap for the finished products is reheating, with a monthly average price difference of $15/26 per barrel for gasoline/diesel in South-East Asia as of the end of February 2024, compared to the average price of the o4 ring + $7/1 per barrel. In addition, 2024 " Glory petrochemicals (002493) " :
On 2 January, the Ministry of Commerce issued the first export quota for finished oils in 2024, in which the petrochemicals received 1.73 million tonnes of general trade export quotas for finished oils, the low sulphur bunker oil export quota of 60,000, as well as the continued addition of new materials to the industry.
Tons, which are expected to contribute to the growth in performance of the company ' s finished oil plates; 2) px, which is driven by the higher rate of downstream polyester start-up and the demand for fuel, maintained a high profile in the px industry in 2023, and after 24 years, px continued to perform well, with a monthly average price of px compared to crude oil as of the end of February 2024
During this period, our new px production capacity was only 3 million tons, and it is expected that the industry start-up rate and profit center will have a profit forecast and investment rating: we will maintain the company's net return profit from 2023-2025, and we will maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Three major financial forecasts for Eun Seok Seok-seok have been approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) and are now qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.