002493.sz Holding shareholders increase the company's shares and show confidence in long-term development.
According to the company announcement of 18 January 2024, the company's controlling shareholder, the Wing Sein Group Ltd., intends to increase the shares of listed companies by a sum not less than 1 billion yuan yuan and not more than 2 billion yuan yuan yuan per person.
Price swings and the company’s profitability of its main products are stable. 3) The company has deepened its cooperation with Saudi Arabia and the US, guaranteeing a stable supply of crude oil and deepening its foreign influence. 4) The company’s ability to refine 40 million tons of fossilized materials, with its deep downstream new material projects, gives the company a second-growth curve.
By January 18, 2024, the company’s controlling shareholders, Zhejiang Wing Seong Seong Group Limited, which intends to increase the company’s share in the market by a sum not less than RMB 1 billion and not more than RMB 2 billion, will have chosen to implement the scheme based on the price fluctuations of the company’s stock and the overall trend of the secondary market. As of January 18, 2024, the company’s share in the market was 5,210,237,480 shares in the company’s total stock.
The benefits, coupled with further consolidation of the holding position to better support the company’s future sustained, stable, and healthy development, underscore the group’s confidence that listed companies have not been able to sustain steady growth. Q4 crude oil prices rebounded in 2023, and the profitability of major products stabilized.
According to Treasure Information data, the average price of q4 crude oil was $77.93 per barrel in 2023, with a 9.10 per cent decline in the ring ratio; the finished oils were relatively high, with a steady level of profit q4 in 2023, with an average price difference of q4 per tonne for petrol, a 5 per cent reduction in the ring price, a difference of $2981 per ton for diesel fuel, a 1470 per cent decrease in the ring price; and the price and price difference of the scavengers decreased but increased in the same year.
Figure 1: Prices of petrol, price differentials ($/tons) Figure 2: Prices of diesel fuel, price differentials ($/tons) Figure 3: Prices of px, price differentials ($/tons)
Figure 4: pta prices, price differentials (dollars/tons) Deepening cooperation with Saudi Arabia and the United States to guarantee a stable supply of crude oil and deepen the foreign influence.
Companyb.v. (hereinafter “aoc”) signed an agreement on the purchase and sale of shares to transfer 1,012,552,501 shares of the companies in its possession to aoc by way of an agreed transfer, which was completed by both parties on 20 July 2023. On 2 January 2024, the parties signed a memorandum of understanding which marked the parties' intention to further enhance day-to-day communication, technical research and development and operational cooperation to guarantee a stable supply of upstream crude oil and expand its supply.
(a) Monument of petrochemical products abroad, upgrading of corporate influence abroad, and promotion of both strategic objectives and long-term sustainability 40 million tons of chemosultic refining capacity, deep-down placement of new materials projects, giving companies a second-growth curve, valorization based on 40 million tons of chemosynthetic integration projects per year at the largest single-body refinery in the world, and continuous deployment of new materials downstream with the company;
In the first half of 2023, the production of 400,000 tonnes abs, 60,000 tonnes of soluble cytylene rubber and 100,000 tonnes of shunt/combined land rubber, 70,000 tonnes of nickel, and 1000 tonnes/year of alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons, which have been invested in the construction of green petrochemical bases in the canyon, have been put into production.
In January 2024, the company proposed to raise 67.5 billion yuan yuan to extend the ZP and SCP downstream industrial chain and plan to complete the construction of the project in three years. As the company ' s new high-value-added material products continue to be produced, we believe that the company will have the future.
The increase in the shares of listed companies held by the Group of Proprietary Holdings highlights confidence in the company ' s future long-term development; the deepening of cooperation with Saudi Arabia and the US in safeguarding the firm ' s steady supply of crude oil, helping to open up foreign market space, investing many times in the construction of new materials, releasing production capacity from new material projects in an orderly manner, giving the company the risk of high crude oil price shocks; the risk of large price fluctuations in products; and the risk of less than anticipated progress in construction projects.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject