002493.sz. Deepen its cooperation with Saudi Arabia and invest 67.5 billion dollars in new material projects to build gold ponds.
PIC announcement: On 2 January 2024, the company signed a Memorandum of Understanding with Saudi Arabia. The memorandum indicates that the parties are discussing the acquisition of 50 per cent of the shares of Saudi Ame Jubail (hereinafter “sasref”) and an increase through expansion.
Production capacity, increased product flexibility, complexity and quality (hereinafter referred to as “extension project”, combined with the short term “sasref transaction”). At the same time, the parties are also discussing the potential acquisition of up to 50 per cent (50 per cent) of the shares of Al-Sa’ami (or its associates) in Ningbo Gold petrochemical Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “middle gold petrochemical”) and the joint development of the upgrading and expansion of existing Chinese petrochemical devices, and the development of new and flourishing downstream materials (Honsan)
On 2 January 2024, the company issued an announcement to raise RMB 67.5 billion through its own funds and bank loans for the extension of zolpidem tons/year poe devices, 40.25 million tons/year phenol/propanone devices, 200,000 tons/year 1,3-propylene devices, 40/88 million/year po/sm loadings.
Up to 400,000 tonnes/year ptt devices, 600,000 tonnes/year anhydride devices, 500,000 tonnes/yearbdo devices, 200,000 tonnes/year pbs devices, 400,000 tonnes/year pbt devices, 120,000 tonnes/year heterobutene devices, 150,000 tonnes/year co, recovery devices, 160,000 tonnes/year ethyl oxide devices, 200,000 tonnes/year dmc devices, 480,000 tonnes/year polyols, 1.2 million tonnes/year abs devices, 2 x 24,000 tonnes/year biphenolsa devices, 2 x 26 million tonnes/year concentration
Carbonate Devices, 100,000 tonnes/year chdm Devices, 100,000 tonnes/year pct Devices, 100,000 tonnes/year pctg Devices, 50,000 tonnes/year uhmwpe Devices, 300,000 tonnes/year α-FOA Devices and accompanying master charts, storage, drainage, electricity and telecommunications, heat industry, ancillary facilities, etc., engineering and off-site conversion industries: 1) Through deepening cooperation with Saudi Arabia and the US, the company will help to secure a stable supply of raw materials such as crude oil; 2) Monument Stone
Building on the 40 million tons of annual refining integration project of the largest single-body refineries worldwide, new materials downstream are constantly being laid out and will continue to contribute to corporate growth and maintain a “buy-in” rating as new energy sectors, such as companieseva, alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons, poe, and high-end materials are released. *On 2 January 2024, the company signed a memorandum of understanding with Saudi Ameri.
According to the company's announcement, on 2 January 2024, the company signed a memorandum of understanding with Saudi Arabia. The memorandum of understanding indicates that the parties are discussing the acquisition of 50 per cent of the shares of the Saudi Arabian Al-Jubayl Refinery Company (hereinafter “sasref”) by the Prestiges (or their associates) and the expansion of capacity, product flexibility, complexity and quality (hereinafter “the expansion project”, combining the acronym “sasref transactions”).
The parties are also discussing the potential acquisition of 50 (50 per cent) shares in Ningbo Gold petrochemical Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “middle gold petrochemical”) and the joint development of a project to upgrade and expand existing gold petrochemical installations and to develop new materials for downstream prosperity (the canyon) (hereinafter referred to as “medium gold petrochemical trade”).
The Memorandum of Understanding fulfils its impact on the glorified petrochemical operation of the world's largest single-body refinery, the 40 million-ton refining integration project, which is a major producer of polyesters, new energy sources, engineering plastics and high-value-added polyolefins in China and Asia, and the world's largest producer of chemicals such as px, pta, polyethylene, polypropylene, etc.
Saudi Arabia is a multi-year-old integrated international oil consortium, one of the world’s largest integrated energy and chemical companies, with a wealth of experience and technical advantages in crude oil extraction, production, applications, and a strong resource endowment, productive power and financial strength, the company’s most important supplier of crude oil in recent years.
Prior to that, on 27 March 2023, aramcooverseascompanyb.v. (hereinafter “aoc”), the company-owned shareholders of Zhejiang Yong Sein Group signed an Agreement on the Purchase of Shares to be transferred to aoc by way of an agreed transfer between the companies in their possession, which was completed by the parties on 20 July 2023.
The memorandum of understanding signed by the two parties marks a further strengthening of day-to-day communication, technological research and development and operational cooperation to guarantee a stable supply of upstream crude oil, to expand the distribution channels for the glorified petrochemical products abroad, to enhance the corporate influence abroad and to advance the strategic objectives of the two sides and long-term sustainable development.
The company plans to raise 67.5 billion yuan in self-financing and bank loans to extend the chain of petrochemical and lower-middle-carried industries and to invest in new material projects for gold ponds. Building on previously existing products such as abbs, eva, the company has extended the distribution of products such as peo, pttt, etc., to a green petrochemical base on the Toto Hill.
In addition, the gold petrochemical base in Ningbo provides a rich “chemical raw material bank” for the production of new high-end chemical materials. The firm’s overall competition has been further enhanced, the Saudi-Arab Cooperation Guarantee Corporation’s crude oil supply has been deepened, its efforts have been made to expand overseas market space, investments have been made in new materials, the company’s second-growth curve has been given, the new materials project has been promoted in an orderly manner to release production capacity, and the “buy-in” rating has been maintained.
Risk of high crude oil price shocks; risk of large price fluctuations in products; risk of less than expected progress in construction projects; author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions from any third party through reasonable judgement or conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject