The performance forecast for 2023 is that refined products will recover, and a new article will be opened with Ammy.
# Second Curve # Production Expansion # Non-Recurring Gains and Losses are predominantly government subsidies. 23q4 quarter, expected to achieve net return profit
• Downstream product structural recovery, refining profit recovery as a whole. 1) Improved demand for travel, finished oils, driven by higher rates of downstream polyester start-up and phased demand for gas, px industry in 2023, we have only 3 million tons of new px production, and industry start-up and profit hubs are expected to be on track.
The demand for acrylic hydrocarbons is relatively weak, and the industry is still in the grinding phase.
During the 23q4 period, the average price of tar was $82.9 per barrel, 3% below the ring, and the price of the finished oil and the chemical products fell simultaneously, resulting in some stock loss. The difference in the price of gasoline/px compared to the previous oil price also fell by 1.8% as the oil fell.
Prices are stable and spring demand is on the rise, and refining profits can be expected to improve marginally.
Emeritus petrochemicals (002493): Devices such as polyester membrane with Saudi Arabia have been successfully put into production. (2) On 2 January, the company signed with Saudi Amerís to deepen its cooperation with the United States, and the new materials industry has continued to increase.
The memorandum of understanding states that the company intends to acquire 50% of the ownership of Al-Amé Jubail refining in Saudi Arabia, on the basis of which the company will expand, while Saudi Arabia proposes to acquire no more than 50% of the equity in gold petrochemicals, and to join the United States company in expanding the company’s gold petrochemical project, as well as in the development of new and glorious materials.
The materials (Chusan) project, with a total investment of 67.5 billion, is intended to further extend the distribution of products such as peo, ptt, chdm, pct, etc. on the basis of the existing abs,eva, dmc petrochemicals (002493), etc., 2023.
Quarterly review: O3 net reeds are higher, and the fineness of the properties is more pronounced. Shareholders’ Emeritus Group announces a proposed increase in the company’s shares of $1 billion to $2 billion, without setting an increase in the price.
In this context, the growth of the East’s shareholdings underscores confidence in the company’s business prospects. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC), Dong Wu Securities Limited has become eligible for portfolio investment consultancy.