The petrochemicals team is grinding their heads and waiting to be spent!
In 2023, the chemical products were undervalued and the chemical panels were expected to recover: the average price difference for 2023q4 polyolefins - crude oil pta-px was 328.16 tons per ton, and the ring was 74.42% wider.
1. “Emergency petrochemicals scoring: The Ring is significantly repaired and there is hope for a sustained recovery!”, “The demand for the end of the product is warming, the price differentials for the company's chemical products are expected to be repaired, and the products are largely quantified or will support the company's recovery in the future.
Remediation: $2023q4 diesel/ gasoline/air kerosene breakup difference: $834/875.
The overall finished oil cracking price differentials remained at medium and high levels, while the company’s refining plates maintained strong momentum. At the same time, 2023q4px – the original oil price gap amounted to $3064/ton, the ring was 7.77 per cent narrower than the harvest, and the whole remained at medium and low price differential levels, and the refined plates were either high or high.
High-value-added new production capabilities are being released to Saudi Arabia and Saudi Arabia for further cooperation and future performance growth or stronger: more recently, a company-owned subsidiary, Insein Technology, produced 250,000 tons of functional polymeric film per year, and a high-speed wide-banded rice production line; and a company-controlled subsidiary, a petrochemical abs, was successfully put into production.
The material was successfully delivered, and 380,000 tonnes/year polyether units produced 240,000 tonnes/year ppg. At the same time, the company signed a Memorandum of Understanding with Saudi Amer, and the company or its associates are about to acquire Saudi Ame al-Jubai.
Refining 50% of the company’s equity and is intended to expand production capacity, product flexibility, complexity, and quality. At the same time, Saudi Arabia or its associates intend to jointly develop the existing gold petrochemical outfits with a potential acquisition of less than 50% of the company’s subsidiary, Ningbo.
To upgrade and expand the project and develop new materials for downstream prosperity. A total investment of 67.5 billion yuan is foreseen for the new materials project, with the proposed construction of 3 million tonnes/year catalytic fission devices, 1 million tonnes/year gas splits, 600,000 tonnes/aromatic pump units, etc.
The 1.4 million tonnes of ethylene and downstream chemical products project, the high-performance resin project, the high-end new materials project, and the SM2 project are all moving in an orderly fashion, along with the company's future energy delivery, photovoltaic levelseva, dmc, pmma, abs, α-vinyl hydrocarbons, poe
The production capacity of products such as polyolefin elastomers, nmps, etc. will be significantly enhanced, with high-value-added new capacity gradually becoming operational or continuously contributing to the future performance growth of the company.
While we appreciate the potential growth in performance resulting from the repair of the demand for warmth and from the ability of the company to produce new materials, the demand for yet another FC is still in the early stages of recovery, (1) the risk of large single-way fluctuations in oil prices: (2) the recovery of end demand does not meet the expected risk:
(3) Geopolitical risks: (4) project construction is not as fast as expected; (5) United States dollar exchange rate risks are highly volatile: (6) other force majeure impacts.,1 Refinement of refining performance is ongoing, and new high-value-added materials products are growing with greater certainty
In recent years, the company has continued to improve the layout of various chemical products to increase their value added, and has therefore produced a large amount of allocarbons, and is still in the early stages of recovery, with 2023q4 polyolefins - the original oil price difference of 2883 yuan per ton.
Quantified industrial products may support a return to corporate performance in the future. Disparities in prices remain at medium-to-high levels, accompanied by continued strong domestic demand for finished oil consumption and offshore refining, which are expected to be repaired, and company refining plates continue to maintain strong momentum.
At the same time, the px-former oil price differential has remained high, with 2023q4px-former oil price differentials of $3064/t, with a narrow 7.77 per cent harvest, and remains overall at a medium-high price margin.
Recently, the Insein Technology Holdings produced 250,000 tonnes of functional polymeric membrane amplifiers per year, 3nd membrane line and accompanying polymers, 4th German Donel 10.6 meters of high-speed wide-band grinding lines, and up to now Insein Technologies produced 250,000 tonnes of functional polymeric film extension projects, all of which are successfully operational: the company Holdings Company Holdings has petrochemical abs device.
The input was successful and the product qualified was successfully produced, with 240,000 tonnes/year ppg production line in the 380,000 tonnes/year polyether plant having been signed on 2 January 2024 between the company and Saudi Arabia and the United States of America. The company or its associates were to acquire 50 per cent of Saudi Arabia ' s shares in Al-Jubayl Refinery Company and to increase production capacity, product flexibility, complexity and quality through expansion.
At the same time, Saudi Arabia or its associates intend to undertake a potential acquisition of less than 50% of the equity in gold petrochemicals in the company’s subsidiary Ningbo, to jointly develop the upgrading and expansion of existing installations in China, and to develop new materials projects for downstream prosperity.
At the same time, projects such as the ethylene ethylene and downstream chemicals projects, the high-performance resin project, the high-end new materials project, the optics phase II project, etc., produced 1.4 million tons per year of petrochemicals by the company, and were carried forward in an orderly manner, along with the future production of the company, the photovoltaic phase.
Dmc, pmma, abs, α-vinyl hydrocarbons, poe polyolefin elastomers, nmp, etc., will be able to increase production capacity significantly. This will help to increase the extension of the industrial chain by promoting efficiency gains in corporate products, leading to further price spreads, and the company ' s future performance. 1) Risk of large single-way fluctuations in oil prices: there is a strong correlation between the price of refined industrial chain products and the price of crude oil, and oil prices alone.
Large fluctuations will have a high probability of affecting the level of corporate profitability: 2) end demand will not recover as much as expected: most of the products in the elixir industry are intermediates, subject to the supply and demand nexus of the industrial chain, there is a potential for over-expected changes in the consumption, packaging, automobiles, infrastructure etc. downstream while taking into account oil prices
(c) Geopolitical risk: the end end of the raw material supply includes, but is not limited to, disruptions in the supply of crude oil caused by an emergency, or a significant increase in the supply of crude oil resulting from an incident, including, but not limited to, the imposition of taxes on China ' s exports of chemical products during the China-United States trade war;
South-East Asian countries carry out anti-dumping investigations on Chinese chemical products, etc.: 4) project construction is not progressing as expected: many of the company ' s projects are under construction, e.g. construction is not progressing as expected, or there is a risk of significant fluctuations in the United States dollar exchange rate: crude oil purchases are in United States dollars, while revenue-end settlements are dominated by renminbi and daily operations
(f) Other force majeure effects.