Researchchand developmentcenter is about to become more intense, and it's going to be very high.
The polyester profit center rises, looking forward to future growth - Eastern Rainbow (000301) In-depth report, 13 June 2022
The big refining is about to start, the velocities are going up, the esters are going to rise, the esters are going to grow, the process of refining is going forward, and the rainbow project is going to make a contribution.
The East Ocean (000301) presents even greater challenges and demands, and we believe that, in a supply-side development constraint, refining one-size-fits-all devices contribute to lower industrial chains with higher energy use and lower unit energy consumption.
Carbon development, collusive and integrated structures will also be the future trend in our petrochemical industry. For private petrochemical enterprises whose main business is esters, the development of upstream refining projects and, ultimately, the integration of the entire industrial chain has enabled the enterprise to move from cost to product type to production efficiency.
All-embracing advantages have completely changed the competitiveness of the industry and the logic of investment. Integration refining projects can capture the profits of the entire entire industry chain of “smelting-px-pta-pailing” and the overall level of profits of the integrated fabric is higher than the level of competition for individual products, while strengthening companies' bargaining power up and down.
In an environment of intense private refining, we believe that rainbow refining has three main competitive advantages: 1) oil reduction improves profitability. As national policy orientations develop and operate on the ground, it increases profits.
The refined and differentiated value of the excavated downstream chemicals, and the Orient Rainbow modified its device against the objective of “reduced oil”, with only 31% of the finished oil harvest. In a double-carbon scenario, the future of excess domestic finished oils is becoming more acute, extending to downstream chemical materials and taking small oils.
The main chemical-tracking refineries are more competitive and risk-resistant. 2) Market niche advantages and industrial park synergies. The project is located at the intersection of Jiangsu and Shandong Provinces, where there is a large number of small and medium-sized downstream enterprises with high demand for large quantities of aromatic and yety hydrocarbons.
The chemical industry in the Eastern Provinces is highly marketed, the competition is diversified and the market is less resistant to opening up, while the project, as the only refining integration project in the Bistrochemical Industry Base Campus in Lilonghu, can provide raw materials for other projects that can lead to the marketing of pipelines within the region, the formation of organically integrated clusters of industries, and the creation of organic clusters of industries.
Inner industry co-benefits are significant. 3) Downstreams continue to be accompanied by deep processing, leading to the creation of a “refining + fine-chemist.” The program that began with the company’s big-refining project was to produce only ethylene and apropylene, and downstream through the new ethanol, phenol, epoxypropane and polyol projects, to fully realize the scalding and scalability of the refining chain.
In the short term, considering the easing of the Shanghai epidemic, the gradual easing of control measures, and the expected rise in downstream demand.
In addition, in 2022 to date, under the influence of the oil cracking price gap abroad, the Japanese refinery px device was converted to mx to adjust the oil, causing global px supply contractions and px prices to rise. However, the pressure to consider future px production is still high.
The shift of profits from px to downstream pta and polyesters has become a major structural trend in the industrial chain, but the scale and speed of the transfer are also related to the rate of px production release, the speed of pta ' s own supply growth and the rate of demand for downstream terminals. In the long run, double carbon targets have been added under the policy guidance of the industry that reduces stocks and controls new amounts.
In conjunction with the policies of central and local distribution over the last two years, it can be seen that future developments in the chemical fibre (polyester) industry have been scaled up in the direction of greening, differentiation, functionalization, etc., and that the policy of upgrading, refining, and integration of the transformation process requires a combination of:
Zhejiang also proposed to “restrictly control energy-intensive projects such as new petrochemicals, chemicals, chemical fibres, etc.” In 2022 Zhejiang suspended the implementation of policies to replace industrial capacity, such as chemical fibres, but the policy tone that limits industrial capacity and controls new production energy has not changed.
According to them, the cycle of investment in the fibre optics industry will be weakened. According to historical data, the completion of investment in the fibre optics industry has a strong positive correlation with the delivery of capacity.
More cyclically, when there is a marked improvement in the profitability of the industry, it triggers a new wave of investment expansion, and a concentration of production capacity triggers overcapacity, leading to a rapid decline in the profitability of the industry.
At the beginning of the year, early in 2005, early in 2007, early in 2011 and early in 2011, four rounds of expansionary cycles took place, the pattern stabilized, and the cyclical nature of investments diminished.
The year has fallen, and we believe that, as the double carbon policy continues to strengthen the restrictions on the expansion of the industry, the output of the chemical fibres sector has grown only marginally. The massive expansion of the polyester sector is now nearing its end, while in recent years the private sector has been highly purified and has been responsible for the rapid release of the production of px upstream polyesters. 2019-2021, px, px.
At pta, polyester cumulative new production capacity of 17.45 million tonnes/year, 20.8 million tonnes/year and 13.480,000 tonnes/year, both the scale of upstream expansion and the rate of expansion are significantly higher than in the polyester sector.
According to the data, in 2022, the expected additional production capacity for px and pta is 12.6 million tonnes/year for polyesters and 13.6 million tonnes/year for ethyl diols, 7.95 million tonnes/year for polyesters, 6.8 million tonnes/year for polyesters, much larger upstream expansion than downstream demand, and the expected cost dividend for downstream polyesters
The company has a long-line production capacity that is differentiated, high-end, high-end, and high-value-added, which will contribute to the company’s higher Māori rate.
The advantages of methanol and propane dehydrate acrylic acrylic acetylene are complementary and result in reduced efficiency gains. The Mto device design capacity of Srbang, which is now operational, is approximately 2.4 million tonnes/year (in methanol), up to the end of the year.
In the first quarter of 2022, Srb had 780,000 tonnes/year acrylic capacity, 300,000 tonnes/year ave capacity, 170,000 tonnes/year amma capacity, 200,000 tonnes/year eo capacity. On April 25, 2022, the Public Administration ' s 700,000 tonnes/year acrylic dehydration (pdh) device succeeded in a single drive, raising the total acrylic capacity to
The production of 1.2 million tonnes/year, pdh devices means that companies can actually complement the advantages of “methanol-based acetylene” and “propane dehydrate acetylene” in the acquisition of acetylene raw materials, allowing flexibility to adjust the production capacity of mto and pdh devices to market conditions for methanol and propane.
At present, the propane industry chain is still under construction, with capacity of 260,000 tons of acrylic, 180,000 tons of mma and 210,000 tons of sar. When the construction of the pre-propane industry chain is completed, Srbonne will have 1.04 million tons/year of acrylic capacity. In addition, Srbonne is still in progress.
Planning to build 750,000 tonnes/year of capacity (including 600,000 tonnes of photovoltaic and 150,000 tonnes of thermal molten) which will achieve a million tonnes of capacity in the post-partum period. In addition, Srbonne is building a 100,000 tonnes project, based on acrylic and ethylene, to expand high-value-added products downwards and upgrade itself.
With carbon infusion and new energy demand, Srbon has taken the lead in benefiting from the elevator. On the demand side, according to the European Association of Photovoltage Industries (Sorlarpowereure) projections, the use of the e-film will grow steadily from 2022 to 2025, with the share of the poe-film (conclusively condensed) gradually rising, assuming that it will all rise.
Two thirds of the condensed gels are eeva, and their demand for the corresponding elastic materialeva and poe will increase steadily as the demand for the elastic film rises, with a projected usage of approximately 85% in 2022-2025.
For a modified agent, the weight of the eva resin is about 0.5 kg/m2. For both conservative and optimistic terms, the annual demand increase is 17.15%, and the demand for photovoltaiceva particles is growing at a relatively high rate over the next four years. At the same time, there are technical difficulties in considering start-up rates and actual output.
We assume 85 per cent capacity utilization for 2022-2025, we believe that 2022-2023 will be a tight balance for global photovoltaiceva, 2024-2025 supply end-of-life release, and a more relaxed level of supply and demand will be achieved.
In May 2022, in an effort to reduce dependence on Russian fossil fuels, the European Union released 320gw of the cumulative additional photovoltage in the year 2022-2030, with a cumulative increase of 600gw of the installed capacity in 2022-2030, which will replace (covering) Europe by 2027.
The Union consumes 9 billion cubic metres of gas a year. And before that, the European Association of Photovoltaic Industries added 207gw to its photovoltage capacity. With the effects of the conflict in Russia and Ukraine, the EU’s photovoltage capacity or will add an additional 113gw over the next four years, the global photovoltage machine has increased further, leading to a photovolt.
At the supply end, China’s construction and planned capacity, which is about 1.9 million tons in construction and planning, is projected to be in 2025, based on the characteristics of the technology patents and devices used.
In view of the actual production of the device and the rate of start-up, we believe that by 2025 the global photovolvoeva particle will have achieved a more liberal balance of supply and demand. Therefore, in light of the long-term pattern of photovolveeva, the hold of “carbon-neutral”
The high rate of photovoltaic growth will continue to be maintained, and despite the higher than expected rate of domestic photovoltaic production and the possibility of a fall in profits at an absolute higher level than is currently the case, photovoltaiceva, as a highly import-dependent chemical, will maintain a relatively high level of profit until it is resolved to “crack its neck” and achieve most of its self-sufficiency.
It will take time to build a new eva site in the country, and the demand-driven evastated dynamic will benefit the evaporation poles, Srbonne, as one of the production poles of the luminous eva, which will prioritize and contribute to its performance throughout the year, as well as the evagression-led corporate profitability and low corporate valuation.
We maintain a “buy-in” rating at comparable corporate averages. Catalysts for stock prices: pre-contribution performance for large-scale refining projects; earlier-than-expected production for polyester projects; higher climates for polyesters and continued price increases for corporate products; and higher climates for evasives.
Risk factors: high oil price performance and narrow risk of low profitability of finished oils; slow pace of completion of refining integration projects and associated projects, with less than expected risk of profitability; risk of sharp fluctuations in crude oil prices; risk of less than expected recovery of end demand; profit from increased overcapacity of pta across the country
The two-carbon target presents a higher challenge and demand for the petrochemical industry, and we believe that, in an environment of supply-side constraints, the refining integration device relies on its higher energy efficiency and its energy efficiency.
Lower unit energy consumption will contribute to low-carbon development of the industrial chain. Synergy, integrated structures will also be the future trend in our petrochemical industry.
Complete, completely changing the competitiveness of the industry and the logic of investment. Integrated refining projects can capture the profits of the entire entire industry chain of “smelting-px-pta-pailing” and the overall profit level of the integrated industry chain is higher than the level of individual product competition, while strengthening firms' bargaining power and resilience to risk, avoiding the pattern of high competition for individual products in the past, and enhancing industry.
In a context of massive private refining, we believe that rainbow refining has three major competitive advantages: 1) oil precipitation improves profitability. As the country’s policy direction evolves and the value of downstream chemical products is constantly being discovered, the Orient rainbow has improved its installation in line with the objective of “oil-reducing enrichment.”
In a double-carbon context, the future of excess oils produced in the country is becoming more acute, with more competitive and risk-resistant refineries that extend downstream chemical materials and follow the path of small oil-head big chemicals. 2) Market niche advantages and industrial park synergies. The project is located at the intersection of Jiangsu and Shandong provinces, and small and medium-sized downstream enterprises in Jiangsu and Shandong provinces.
Mostly, there is a greater demand for large quantities of aromatics and yetyl hydrocarbons, while the chemical industries in Jiangsu and Shandong provinces are highly marketed, market competitors are diversified and market opening resistance is low. At the same time, the project, as the only refining integration project in the Pasifika industrial base in Lilonghu, can provide raw materials for other projects, allowing for the marketing of pipelines within the region and the formation of organic integration.
Industrial clusters, with significant industrial co-benefits in the region. 3) Further deep processing continues downstream, leading to a “refining + fine-chemist.” At the beginning of the company's major refining project, only ethylene and apropylene were produced, and downstream through the new ethanol, phenol, epoxy, propane and polyol projects, the platforms for scalding and integrating the chains of the refining industry were fully utilized to further enrich and deepen.
In the short term, taking into account the easing of the Shanghai epidemic and the gradual easing of controls, downstream demand is expected to rebound significantly, and the market for the polyester industry is about to turn up.
In addition, in 2022 to date, the conversion of the Japanese refinery px device to mx for the reconciliation of oil caused global px supply contractions and px prices to rise. But the pressure to consider future px production capacity remains high, with the shift of profits to downstream pta and polyesters becoming a major structural trend in the industrial chain, but the scale and speed of the transfer is still high.
In the long run, under the policy guidance of the industry that reduces stocks, controls new amounts, the implementation of the double carbon target has been phased out, and the total production capacity of the polyester fibres sector has been limited. In conjunction with the policies issued at the central and local levels over the last two years, the future development of the chemical fibres (polyesters) industry can be seen to be moving towards green.
In 2022, Zhejiang suspended the implementation of energy replacement policies in sectors such as chemical fibres, but limited the sector’s total capacity and control.
According to historical figures, the completion of investments in the fibre-optics sector has a strong positive correlation with the delivery of capacity. Until 2012, the fibre-optics sector had a more cyclical investment, and when the profitability of the industry improved significantly, it triggered a new wave of investment expansion and output.
In turn, intensive investment can trigger overcapacity, leading to a rapid decline in the profitability of the industry, thereby discouraging business investment until the next cycle. The fibre optics industry is divided between the beginning of 2004, early 2005, early 2007 and early 2011 and should not experience four rounds of expansion, particularly the large-scale new energy releases in 2007 and 2011.
After that, the production patterns of the fibre-optics sector stabilized and the cyclical properties of the investment diminished. After 2015, the additional production capacity of the fibre-optics fell year after year, and we believe that the production capacity of the fibre-optics sector has been limited since then, as the double carbon policy continues to strengthen the restrictions on the expansion of the industry.
Rapid release. In 2019-2021, px, pta, polyester cumulative new production capacity was 1.74 million tonnes/year, 20.8 million tonnes/year, respectively, px price differentials were gradually reduced and long-line price differentials were increasing. According to ccfei statistics, in 2022, px and pta are expected to add 12.6 million tonnes/year and 13.6 million tonnes/year, respectively, ethanol is expected to produce 7.95 million tonnes.
During the year, polyesters are expected to add 6.8 million tonnes/year, with upstream expansion much larger than downstream demand, lower-stream polyester end composition promising to expand, and the profit center of the polyester fibre optics industry expected to rise. Companies have long silk production capacity that is differentiated, high-end, high value added, which will contribute to a higher Māori rate for companies.
Srbon infused, refined kernel upgrades. On December 31, 2021, Srb was completed, and the company held 100% of Srb. The entire industrial chain of refined chemistry was fully tuned. Methanol and propane dehydrate acrylic advantages were complemented, resulting in efficiency gains.
By the first quarter of 2022, Srbang had 780,000 tonnes/year acrylate capacity, 300,000 tonnes/yeareva capacity, 170,000 tonnes/year mma capacity, 200,000 tonnes/year eo capacity. On April 25, 2022, the company ' s 700,000 tonnes/year propane dehydration (pdh) device succeeded in a single drive, the total acrylic capacity was raised to 1.2 million tonnes/year, and the pdh device came into operation, meaning that it was in production.
Companies can achieve the advantages of methanol-based acetylene and propane-dehydrated acrylate in the acquisition of acetylene raw materials by adapting the production capacity of mto and pdh devices flexibly to market conditions for methanol and propane, further reducing efficiency gains.
Another 750,000 tonnes/year bva capacity (including 600,000 tonnes of photovoltaic and 150,000 tonnes of thermal smelting) is planned in Srbong, which will be able to produce 140,000 tonnes of capacity after delivery.
On the demand side, according to the European Association of Photovoltaic Industries (Solarpowereure) projections, the use of the film in the period 2022-2025 will develop steadily.
The share (including co-crowded) is gradually rising, assuming that two thirds of the condensed-poe film is eva, and that as the demand for photo-voltaic film increases, its demand for the corresponding film materialeva and poe will also increase steadily, with a projected usage of approximately 85 per cent of the photo-voltaic film 2022-2025. Since the production of the eva film is based on eva resins and modifiers, the weight of eva resins is heavy.
At about 0.5 kg/m2. We measure the average of conservative and optimistic scenarios, and the global photovolve-eva particle demand has been growing at a relatively high rate in 2022-2025. At the same time, taking into account the start-up rate, the technical difficulty of the actual output, the installation overhaul, and the conversion of different brands of theeva product, we assume that the yield utilization rate for 2022-2025 was 85%.
In May 2022, in an effort to reduce dependence on Russian fossil fuels, the EU released a repowereu plan, under which the EU will increase its capacity for photovoltaic energy to accumulate in 2022-2025.
These additional photovoltaic capacity will replace (covering) the EU’s annual consumption of 9 billion cubic metres of natural gas. Previously, Europe added a new photovoltage capacity of 2076w. Under the influence of the conflict in Russia and Ukraine, the EU’s photovoltage capacity would be increased by an additional 113gw over the next four years, and the global photovolt rate would increase further, leading to an additional demand of nearly 600,000 tons of photovolteva particles.
At the supply end, China’s construction and planned capacity, construction and planning capacity is about 1.9 million tons, and according to the characteristics of the technology patents and devices used, we expect to produce 1.52 million tons of photovoltaic particles and about 750,000 tons overseas by 2025, taking into account the actual production and operation of the devices.
Work rate, we believe that the global photovoltaiceva particles will achieve a much easier balance of supply and demand by 2025. Thus, in light of the long-term pattern of photovoltaic eva, the persistence of “middle carbon” will continue to maintain a high rate of photovoltaic growth, and despite the high rate of production of domestic photovoltaics, which is expected to yield a fall in profits at a higher absolute level than at present, the photovolvoeva is a highly import-dependent chemical.
Dealing with the “cricket” and achieving most of the self-sufficiency will maintain a relatively high level of profit. As it will take time to create a new site for the country, this round of demand-driven developments will benefit the luminous fluorescent tap business, and Srbonne, as one of the production poles of the luminous volve, will give priority to the benefits of this wave.
The market believes that the product design of the company's refining project is only at the binene level, making the company worth less than the other private refining champions. We believe that, in the current polyester portfolio, while the company's total silk production is smaller than the top two, the company owns a high value-added dty business, and the company's profitability is no less than that of its peers.
In addition, the company’s fully-owned subsidiary, Sharbang, is turning into a photovoltaic-eva production locomotive with a double carbon target for new energy industries such as photovoltaics.
Development provides a strong policy backstop, and growing photovoltaic demand also stifling the supply and demand of photovoltaic-gradeeva, whose upturn will make a significant contribution to corporate performance. Profit forecasting and investment ratings:
We maintain the “buy-in” rating, which is below the comparable average of companies, with the full year-round performance of production and contribution, as well as the higher profile of the company, which leads to higher profitability. Equity catalysts: pre-contribution performance for large-scale refining projects; higher-than-expected production for polyester projects; and the contours of the polyester industry.
(c) Risk factors: high operating oil prices and narrow exposure to lower-yielding prices for finished oils; slow progress in the implementation of refining and supporting projects, with lower-than-expected risks; the risk of sharp fluctuations in crude oil prices; and the failure of end demand to recover the expected wind.
Risk; risk of continued loss of profits due to increased overcapacity in pta across the country; risk of falling prices in eva. Divergent poles strengthen kernels, whole-of-industry chain integration is on the move.
In 2018, the company was re-organised by the state capital of Wu Gang District, and changed its physical control to Mu Hangen and Chu Hongmei. The company was re-named East China Rainbow Company, and the securities were renamed “Orient Rainbow.”
Reorganisation of the company’s fibre-optics business in the subsidiary’s country of excellence into a listed company, whose main business was changed from the pre-reorganization power heat to the development, production and sale of the civil washing of long wires.The company’s controlling shareholders are Jiangsu Seonlong Technologies Ltd., with 46.55% of the company’s shares in real control.
Indirectly, they hold 48.66% of the shares of Mu Hangen, Chu Hongmei, and the company's controlling shareholders, The Rainbow Technology and its Convergence, together they hold 69.13% of the shares of the listed companies.
Before the restructuring, the main business of the listed company changed to a fibre-optic business. Before the restructuring of the Eastern market and the National High School, the main business was divided into four main sectors: power heat, rental of business premises, real estate, and advertising. Before the reorganization, Gokko was a subsidiary of Singlong Technology, and in 2017 he transferred all of the production of the chemical-fibrous business under the flag to the National High School name.
Here, the HQ has several subsidiaries, with products covering a range of poy, fdy, and dty. A subsidiary, Rainbow Fibres, Harmonium Fibres, and Mobs, operates in different chemical fibres and polyester slices. Rainbow testing is primarily responsible for chemical fibre detection; and Rainbow Trade is primarily responsible for fibre optic development and marketing.
In addition to the merger of fibre-optic operations with listed companies, which acquired 100 per cent of the shares of Susquate organisms in March 2019 from new materials in the rainbow, the seismological organisms owned a complete industrial chain from pdo to ptt aggregates and swipes, which improved the layout of the publicly listed company ' s chemical fibre-optics industry.
Figure 2: Reorganisation of the pre-Singlong Science and Technology Equity Structure The Company has continued its vertical integration of the industrial chain. In February 2019, a fully-owned subsidiary, Jiangsu Sein Seok Pulse Industries Development Ltd. (hereinafter “Pulsified Industries”) was established by the listed company, which acquired 100% of the shares in Rainbow Sr. and Rainbow Pulsification in March and April of the same year.
By means of Tosin Rainbow refining, the company invested in the construction of the 16 million tonnes/year refinery integration project, which began construction in December 2018, the core major equipment project was completed in May 2022, and the project was launched after delivery, and the listed company will form a complete chain of “oil refining-px/Ethiool-pta-polyester-optics” to enable the industrial chain to go up and down.
In addition, in 2021, the company completed the acquisition of 100% equity in Srbon petrochemicals, further expanding the industrial chain to the field of new chemical materials, and in April 2022, the Srbonne plate, with 700,000 tonnes/year pdh devices, was put into production, and the future company Srbong plate plans to continue to extend upstream to coal-chemical projects. At present, the company has achieved full oil head, coal head, and gas head coverage.
Based on the company ' s layout of the petrochemical industry chain, it can be divided from the bottom to the bottom into four business plates: (1) Fibre plate: mainly operated by a subsidiary country ' s highest standards, including secondary affiliates ' rainbow fibres, middle-breath technology, port rainbow fibres, etc. By the end of the 2021 reporting period, the company had 2.6 million tons of differentiated fibre production capacity per year, mainly concentrated
The company is currently building polyester production capacity: the 500,000-tonne ultra-real fibres project, the 1 million-tonne smart function fibres project for new materials in the Rainbow Sea, the 500,000-tonne hyper-real fibres project for the second-yearly production of high-value products, and the 250,000-tonne regeneration differentials for the second-year production of Rebon technology.
Functional scrubbing filamentation and accompaniment project. The company’s product differentiation rate is 90%, and it is the world’s leading fully digestive series of multi-group composite fibre suppliers, such as fibres, ultra-fine fibres and “silent complexes”, with more than 100 differentiated and disaggregated products, dominated by high-end products, dty.
(2) pta plate: company pta production and marketing is primarily responsible for iridian petrochemicals, production of 1.5 million tonnes/year pta project in 2014 and completion of 2 2.4 million tonnes/year pta extension project in early March 2021, with the company now owning two phases totalling 3.9 million tonnes/year pta capacity. The project uses a global technology leader, the British Wetap8 process, with excellent material consumption and processing costs.
(3) Large-scale refining plate: Rainbow refining is the main operator of the company ' s large-scale refining project. The total investment in the project is 67,660 million yuan, with an oil refining capacity of 16 million tonnes/year, 2.8 million tonnes/year px, 1.1 million tonnes/year ethylene. The December 2018 project was evaluated through an environmental assessment and began construction in the same month, and the first core plant was completed in 2022 and will contribute to its performance in 2022.
In addition, rainbow refining is proposed to invest $5,573 million in the construction of “10.9 million tonnes/year 2#ethanol” and “40.25 million tonnes/year phenol/propanone” devices; and in the construction of posm and polyols, a fully-funded, fully-funded company, Jiangsulong Chemical, is proposed to invest $6,034 million in the construction of phenyls and polyols, consisting of 508,000 tonnes/year ethylene devices, 20.45 million tonnes/year posm devices, 11.25 million tonnes/year ppg installations and
Twenty-five thousand tonnes/year pop device. Further enrichment of the refined product structure through additional downstream devices, increasing the combined competitive power of the product value added and large-scale refining projects. In March 2022, the company issued an announcement that the new material of the Rainbow Refinement subsidiary, Irisco, was to build a 180,000 tonnes pbat degradable plastics project, choosing to produce bdos with an anhydride method, using the by-products of the refining integration project.
There are raw material n-butanes, which have a significant advantage. (4) Chemical New Materials plate: Srbang is the operational subject of the new chemical materials plate. On December 31, 2021, Srb was completed, and the company held 100% of Srb shares directly and fully integrated with the entire industrial chain of refining and finer chemicals.
The design capacity of the mto device in Srbang is approximately 2.4 million tonnes/year (methanol) and, as of the first quarter of 2022, Srb had 780,000 tonnes/year Acrylene/year, 300,000 tonnes/yeareva, 170,000 tonnes/year mma, 200,000 tonnes/year eo. On 25 April 2022, the company ' s 700,000 tonnes/year propane dehydration (pdh) device was opened once.
After the completion of the construction of the C-propane industrial chain project, Spartan will be able to produce tons of photovoltaic and 150,000 tons of thermal molten-grade.
Upon completion of the project, which is being built on the eo extension of 100,000 tons, based on acrylic and ethylene, to upgrade its own high-value-added products, the rainbow refining output px will be directed to the rainbow port petrochemical production pta, the rainbow petrochemical output pta and the rainbow refining output ethanol will be further provided to the country's high-end chemical fibre production and the rainbow refining output.
ethylene acetate will be used for production in the State of Sr. The company will take advantage of the synergies of the industrial chain to form a whole chain of operations from “a drop of oil” to “a root of wire.”
Before and after the reorganization of the company in 2018, it became clear that the main business in the Eastern market was the leasing of electricity, heat and real estate, with a ratio of 71 per cent in the heat and electricity sector; after the reorganization, the company was injected into the national high-visibility sector and acquired the rainbow refinery.
The total revenue from fibre optics and pta operations is 52 per cent, with dty accounting for 21 per cent, company based on value-added dty operations, and new chemical material plate 45 per cent, dominated byeva and acrylate operations.According to the company ' s retrospective financial data, operating income increased steadily from 2017 to 2019 and the rate of growth reached in 2019.
34.96 per cent, mainly due to the completion of the first half of the year's acquisition of rainbow refining and rainbow petrochemicals and the establishment of a “pta-polyester fibre” business structure that effectively boosts corporate profitability. In 2018, the net profit on corporate return to the mother was $847 million, a decline of 40.75 per cent, mainly due to the reduction in goodwill of $599 million (resulting from a merger) planned by Lidu Tri in 2018.
In 2017-2019, the impact on the end demand of the firm ' s continued steady growth in net profit from the sale of goodwill, without taking into account the impact of the impairment on the net profit from repatriation, led to a decline in the profitability of the long-silver industry. In 2021, corporate business income increased by 53.48 per cent (after adjustment), and net profit from repatriation increased by 492.66 per cent (after adjustment), mainly due to vaccination push.
The rise in crude oil prices has driven the price of petrochemical and chemical products to rising prices, product price differentials, and industrial warming. 2022q1, affected by the intensification of the epidemic in Shanghai and other regions, low demand, and high cost pressures on raw materials, both in terms of revenues and profits.
Intra-epidemiology subsides and demand-side recovery, and corporate performance is expected to pick up. In 2020, there was a sharp decline in corporate revenue and net return profits, with a sharp decline in polyester products and pta Maori rates, with dty, pta and other fibre-optic products falling by 5.7 pct, 6.4 pct and 5.8 pct, respectively, mainly due to the new crown outbreak.
This has led to shrinking demand for polyester chain endpoints, weakening the markets for elevate and pta, and significantly narrowing the price gap. Pta, due to the epidemic, continued investment in production capacity, continued pressure on product prices and profits, has made the industry climate difficult to repair in the short term. With 2.4 million tonnes/year pta II in March 2021, pta processing costs will improve the company pta operations after the pta is spread.
In 2021, the net profits from corporate collections and homecomings rose significantly, with the rates for dty, pta and other fibre-optic products increasing by 10 pct, 3 pct and 7 pct, respectively, mainly because of the heightened demand side of the epidemic, which led to higher market prices and higher prices for long wires and pta. In addition to the fibre-optic business, acrylic acetylene and eva had a remarkable performance of 31 per cent and 44 per cent, respectively.
Srbonne’s infusion contributed to the company’s main performance. In 2018-2019, the level of all three fees after the company’s M & As reorganization increased, with very small variations in sales and management costs and an increase in financial cost of about 1 percentage point, mainly through the issuance of a green debt by the company and an increase in production.
In 2020, the company ' s three-fee level changed considerably, mainly because of a change in accounting policy that resulted in the sale of 200,000 tonnes/year of different chemical fibres from the second-tier subsidiary of the division. The company ' s chemical fibres and pta products maintained high sales rates, with average sales rates of 99.4% and 101.5% from 2018 to 2021, respectively.
Pta sales amounted to 152.88 million tons, and sales of polyester products remained slightly higher than the level of the same period in previous years, with the leading marketing capacity becoming more prominent during the period when the industry experienced a backlash. The sales of chemical fibres in 2021 amounted to 221.04 million tons, an increase of 10 per cent compared to the previous 10 per cent, and the demand side increased as the epidemic improved.
Upon the reorganization of listed companies in 2018, the company signed the Performance Commitment and Compensation Agreement and its supplementary agreement with Sungyeong Scientology, the owner of HQC, and its subsidiary agreement: 1) the net profit after the non-recurring gain/loss achieved by HQ in 2018 is not less than R$124.12 million; 2) the net profit realized by HQC in 2018 and cumulatively in 2019 is not recurrent
In 2020, the NHC realized a net profit of $470 million from non-repatriation, accumulated $3.1008 billion over three years, completed only 76.60% of the total net profit, and failed to meet its previous performance commitments. The main reason for the failure was that the 2020 epidemic had led to a decline in fumes in 2020 and a sharp decline in the single ton of Māori in high-visibility fibre-optic products, as well as the impact of disease control measures.
Increased transport costs have led to a significant decline in net profits for the National High School in 2020. As the epidemic has resulted in a widespread failure to meet the performance commitments for merger and purchase restructuring, according to the Reporters ' Questions for Heads of Sectors of the CSRC regarding the impact of the epidemic on the merger and purchase of the assets subject to the reorganization of listed companies, for those who are still in the performance commitment period
In the case of M & A reorganization projects that have been implemented, where the targeted assets are indeed affected by an epidemic that makes performance income, profit, etc. difficult to complete, the listed company, in conjunction with the committing party, will make a full assessment of the subject asset performance affected by the epidemic and may, in principle, extend the target asset performance commitment period or adjust the performance commitment appropriately, subject to the necessary procedures, such as a meeting of shareholders, by mutual agreement between the parties
In response to the impact of the epidemic on corporate performance commitments, the company signed a replenishment agreement (iv) on the performance commitment and compensation agreement for Jiangsu Togaku Fibres Ltd., which partially adjusts performance commitments for 2018 and 2019 for the performance adjustment commitment period.
In 2021, the National High School realized a net profit of 1.797 billion yuan from the non-repatriation of mothers, and the cumulative annual roll-out in 2018, 2019, and 2021 slowed down, and the recovery of corporate profits from the recovery of demand from the industry. The bottom reversal is imminent, and the polyester fibre optics industry’s profit center is on the rise.
First, px: Privately refined production is available and import substitution is promoted in an orderly manner. China is the world’s largest demand country for px. Rapid growth of the px industry, especially downstream pta, has led to a rapid expansion of the px demand. There is a mismatch between the production of px-pta-polyester plates in the country.
At the end of 2018, China had a capacity of about 14 million tonnes/year, imported about 15.9 million tonnes/year, and imported 61.17% of the peak. Imports from neighboring areas, such as Japan and Taiwan, were still needed every year, resulting in Japan and Korea taking the lead.
In addition, production of px is largely monopolized by the international petrochemical giants, resulting in a weak bargaining power of our enterprises in the procurement of px, which directly increased the cost of purchasing. After 2019, the px production capacity grew rapidly, and the volume of px imports declined, and by 2021, the px import dependency had fallen to 50%.
By the end of 2021, the country ' s px production capacity amounted to 33,396,000 tonnes/year (including 1.5 million tonnes in Hinja Brunei).In 2021, our px production capacity was far greater than in North-East Asia, accounting for 44 per cent of the global production capacity of px, and our supply and demand for px was being converted from high import dependence to a new pattern of import substitution acceleration. By 2021, our import dependence at px was 46.63 per cent, compared to 46.63 per cent by 2021.
By 2018, it fell by 14.54 percentage points. 4.75 million tons, 9 million tons of petrochemicals and 1.5 million tons of canine px were concentrated in production. Before 2019, our px capacity was concentrated in the “three barrels of oil” and its subsidiaries, and after a massive private refining in 2019, my country was able to expand its capacity.
The supply side of the px market has gradually been transformed into a half-way pattern between private and state-owned enterprises, with domestic import substitution and acceleration. By the end of 2021, the total capacity of the Px production was about 6.26 million tonnes/year, the total capacity of the Px production was about 2.89 million tonnes/year, the total capacity of the Px production was 800,000 tonnes/year, the China Sea Oil Group had 1.5 million tonnes/year, and the total value of the State-owned enterprises was 11.45 million tonnes/year; and the total capacity of the State-owned enterprises was glorified and saturated.
The total capacity of the private sector, represented by the petrochemical and salivated petrochemical industries, was 21.950,000 tons per year, or 66 per cent of the country's total production capacity. According to ccfei, in 2022, the country had a further 10.4 million tons of production capacity, of which the rainbow refined 2.8 million tons per year of large-scale aromatic refined aromatic production, and the “three barrels of oil” were on the rise, with China's oil, China's petrochemicals, China's petrochemicals, China's petrochemicals, China, China's petrochemicals.
Two, pta: there is a structural excess of capacity, with a prominent cost advantage, and as a result of the restructuring of the production structure of the pta sector in recent years, the pta sector has gradually developed a monopoly pattern.
In the first quarter of 2022, the production capacity of the pta industry (not including stoppages and dismantled capacity) was approximately 68.32 million tonnes/year. The ratio of domestic pta production capacity to the top 10 firms reached 78%, while the central petrochemical affiliates together owned 2.9750 million tonnes/year (4%), leaving about 18% of the remaining capacity.
In 2018, two large pta companies, Fuku Haechi (formerly Fung Pinocchio) and Hwabin petrochemical (formerly Far East) went through many years.
After the bankruptcy reorganization, 4.5 million tonnes/year and 1.4 million tonnes/year of pta capacity were released. In 2020, New Phoenix was able to produce 2.5 million tonnes/year, Eastern Rainbow Harbour was petrified by 2.5 million tonnes/year, and three new packages of materials totalling 8 million tonnes/year were released/year. In January 2022, new materials were released to produce 3 million tonnes/year of pta.
According to ccfei, the year 2022 was represented by leading companies, such as Helium petrochemicals and the shares of Qin Quan, with 13 million tons/year pta capacity to be produced in the country, and with more than a million tons of construction capacity.
Pta production facilities are expanding and lag behind the structural overcapacity pattern, which is slow to phase out production capacity. Since 2019, thanks to intensive domestic refining projects, domestic import dependence on px has declined significantly, but on the other hand, prices for px have fallen sharply since mid-March 2019 and by the end of 2019, prices for px have fallen by more than $200.
In 2020, px prices fell by a cliff as a result of a sharp fall in international oil prices. Prices in 2021 recovered to the same period in 2019, but in the second half of 2021, the release of 5 million tons of petrochemical capacity in Zhejiang caused the px price to fall again.
Px supply contractions and px prices have gone up all the way. But considering the pressure to invest in future px production capacity, the shift of profits from px to downstream pta and polyesters has become a major structural trend in the industrial chain, but the extent and speed of the transfer is also associated with the release of px capacity, the pta ' s own supply increase and the demand for downstream terminals.
The pta price trend is more relevant to the raw material px. On the profit side, the pta production capacity has dropped significantly over the last two years, adding up the terminal demand has been affected repeatedly by the epidemic, the cost-end pressures associated with high international oil prices have been poorly transmitted, and since the third quarter of 2020, the pta industry has been at a loss overall, and the pta installation start-up rate has been declining to 60-70%, and the terminal flow has been declining.
The stock is still at a high level compared to the pre-epidemiological level, and the restoration of downstream polyesters and terminal knitting orders and the start-up of works are important factors in limiting pta ' s profitability. The company ' s output of 3.9 million tons/year pta, based on the ratio of output of 0.855 tons of pta required to produce 1 ton of silk, can be satisfied.
The company now has 2.6 million tonnes/year of silk production, the company ' s polyester industry has self-sufficient raw materials, and a surplus of 1.67 million tonnes/year of pta capacity can support the company to expand its long silk capacity by an additional 1.95 million tonnes/year and provide sufficient raw material security for the company ' s downstream silk development.
Since 2017, the country’s leader in the long silk industry has stepped up efforts to build new production capacity in pta, and as technology is advanced, the company’s average one-ton processing cost was $369 per ton (excluding taxes) in 2021, well below the average processing cost of ccfei. We believe that the latest pta process can effectively reduce production processing costs in pta.
In the larger context of overcapacity in the pta sector, the continued spread of processing costs has allowed companies to further strengthen their raw materials’ competitive kernels.III. Ethylene diols: at the peak of the expansion period, profits will shift downstream.
In the last two years, private major refining projects have come into operation, and ethanol production has increased significantly. By 2021, ethanol production had reached 21.2 million tonnes per year, covering essentially downstream demand. At the same time, ethanol production capacity has not increased or decreased, with only 56% of ethanol domestic production capacity in 2021, with limited domestic production and a huge gap between market demand and demand.
We still need to import ethanol from countries like Saudi Arabia, Taiwan, and Canada to meet market demand. The reason for this is two: we are a coal-rich country with a 38% capacity ratio of coal-based ethanol in 2021, but since coal-based ethanol products have high levels of impurities and other quality problems, the downstream polyester industry is more cautious in their application and is limited to conventional varieties.
The second is that producers in the Middle East make ethanol from cheap ethane cracking materials at a very low cost and at a competitive price. At present, there is a structural excess of ethanol, due to cost and quality problems, and production is growing faster but yielding more rapidly.
Slowness and continued dependence on imports. Figure 23: Domestic supply and demand, capacity utilization and import dependence of ethanol 2012-2021
The polyester sector is an important downstream of ethanol, and in recent years the rate of growth in polyester production has slowed, market resources have saturated and marketed. In the first half of 2022, the Shanghai epidemic broke out, the polyester sector has gone down, the current stock of ethylene is at a high level of about 1.2 million tons, and the rate of start-up has declined to 50-60%. Cost-side coal and oil prices have fluctuated and the prices of ethyl diol have fluctuated.
Still at a relatively low level, and with repeated contractions in the profit margins of the industry, ccfei statistics show that 2022 was still the year of expansion of ethanol, including 800,000 tonnes/year of refining in the Central petrochemical town, 750,000 tonnes/year in the Zhejiang petrochemical II, and a total of 3.55 million tonnes/year of refining integration units in the Rainbow.
In 2022, an additional 7.95 million tons of ethanol per year is expected to be produced, which will facilitate a shift in profits to the downstream polyester sector. Fourth, the scrubber “to the dark hour” will pass, and the domestic epidemic will lead to a reversal of the bottom of the climate.
In 2020, affected by the new coronary epidemic, during the three-quarter sub-season period, weaver start-up rates and tarpaulin stocks continued to deteriorate, the price of collage costs rose, the basics of supply and demand deteriorated, the price of long wires remained low, single-ton net profits fell to negative values, and the 2020 epidemic undoubtedly caused the long-silent atmosphere to drop to the bottom.
Beginning in the quarter, domestic control measures have been effective in transferring foreign terminal textile orders to the country, leaving stocks to drive long silk prices and profits to rebound. In 2021, the epidemic gradually recovered, the consumer capacity increased, the demand for downstream snorkels increased, the market entered the repair period, and the price of long stripes increased significantly, and the profits recovered.
The impact of the epidemic in the sea and elsewhere, falling consumption demand, disruptions in logistics, a similar decline in the rate of downstream knitting machines, a stagnation in the production base, a decline in industry, a combination of high oil prices, cost-side pressures, and a loss in profits after April. We believe that, as the Shanghai epidemic subsides, the demand for end-swinging will return, and the long-silent atmosphere will rise to the bottom.
On the basis of the cumulative quarterly increase in retail sales of textile clothing and gdp (current prices) published by the National Statistical Office, we find that
The increase in retail sales in the textile and clothing sector has been associated with a positive increase in gdp since 2014. In the macro-economic environment of 2020, textile and clothing consumption fell off a cliff, but rebounded rapidly following the epidemic and economic recovery in the second half of the year, including the spread of the epidemic, with South-East Asia’s shift of orders to the country gradually emerging, in the second half of 2020 and the first half of 2021.
By the second half of 2021, however, it has been largely affected by recurrent outbreaks, both within and outside the country, poor logistics, disruption of productive life, and a sharp decline in the cumulative rate of domestic retail sales. We believe that, as the epidemic is stabilized in the three-point region, production will recover, and demand for downstream services will rise.
By the end of 2021, we produced 4,017 million tons of fumes, an increase of 9.66 per cent over the same period. Between 2016 and 2019, the production of long wires remained at a rate of more than 5 per cent, as net exports of long wires amounted to only about 7 per cent.
By 2021, as the epidemic picks up, the demand for long wires will return to 9-10%. We believe that, by the second half of 2022, the demand for long wires will rise rapidly.
Industry concentration has increased, leading to a prominent advantage. In 2021, the total domestic production capacity was 4.74 million tonnes. According to ccfei statistics and the plans announced by the companies, the additional production capacity of the elixir production in 2021 came mainly from leading enterprises, with a total of 2.72 million tonnes in mid-cr6 (Kronk, Helium, Hampy, Nimfung, Shing and Happiness), which accounted for 27.28 million tonnes of total production capacity.
In 2022, with the lead business, we are planning to add 3.85 million tons/year elevate filamentary capacity. The elixir is gradually being upgraded from normal to high-end, subject to the production capacity limitations of the core equipment, which is now required to use Japanese tmt or Bammag equipment.
However, there are bottlenecks of about 2 million tonnes/year because we expect only a partial investment in the new expanded capacity plan for 2022, but in the long run the concentration of industry will continue to be concentrated in leading firms, with long-filac bargaining power gradually shifting to leading firms, on the other hand, there is a “one-size-fits-all” pattern at the domestic level, and leading firms will continue to compete in their respective areas of advantage.
Intrakerry, and competition between them. Because of the higher costs of research, capital, and marketing costs of entering less skilled areas, and the additional production-capability layout will increase the likelihood of price wars in disaggregated areas, leading firms will be able to avoid unnecessary competition within the industry through deep tillage differentiation, a pattern that will persist in scrubbering.
The quality of controlled products in terms of raw materials, the stability of the production process, and the setting of internal quality control indicators has resulted in higher quality and industry visibility of the products produced.
In addition, the company’s differentiated product variety reaches 100% of the market’s differentiated product range. Not to mention the high technical barriers to the production of chemical fibres, the company’s accumulated long-term technical experience, the difficulty of being emulated and overstepped by other firms, and the value added of the product is much higher than the average fibre.
In 2015-2021, company dtys had an average premium of $1667.19 per ton compared to industry, well above industry levels. According to the company’s production plan, a quarter of a million tons of technologically differentiated fibre products were produced in 2021 and a quarter of a million tons of second production could be built up.
In a horizontal comparison, the company ' s Māori ratio, based on a comparison of the Māori rate of the long silk fibre business from 2018 to 2021, is clearly stable in the industry, is close to the level of the kyokun ' s Māori share, and is higher than Shinfung. In 2021, Māori of the public ' s fibre-optic product rebounded significantly, with dty ' s Māori rate as high as 19.12% and high value-added product release effectiveness.
In our view, companies have a long chain of differentiated, high-end, high value added productive capacity that will contribute to higher Māori rates for companies on the one hand, and more risk-resistant in extreme events in the industry, such as those in 2020, on the other.
Without satisfying the competitive advantages of dry differentiation and high-value-added products, companies are always working on the development and development of civil scrubbed silks. Companies, with their faulty competitive strategies, have, after many years of autonomous research and development and industry applications, acquired a number of industry-led core techniques, ultra-fine fibres, memory fibres, bio-based synthetic high-molecular fibres, fully dissipated fat polyester fibres, suns.
By comparing the share of the average R & D input of the country's six polyester dragons, it is found that, while the absolute amount of R & D investment by companies is less than the price of glory and petrochemicals, the ratio of R & D investment by firms is close to 3%, which is higher than the average of less than 2.5% for other firms. In the future, companies will continue to strengthen technological innovation and product research.
The company’s current capacity for regenerative fibre production is now over 300,000 tonnes/year, with 250,000 tonnes of regenerative fibre production in the forefront of the domestic industry. The company has taken the lead in producing a global, autonomous line of production of plastic bottles to swirling smelts that can effectively achieve plastics.
It's equivalent to the recycling of 10 billion waste plastic bottles a year, reducing about 3.6 million tons of carbon emissions, or, in the future, it will be an effective way to exchange carbon sinks for long wires. The company's regenerated polyester fibres have now been certified by the global recovery standard grs and will continue to grow on differentiated and high-performance fibre-optic products in the future.
Table 6 Main differentiated product types V. Policy strengthening extension constraints, promotion of the profit center of the polyester fibres industry, progressive implementation of the double carbon target, total production capacity of the polyester fibres industry under the policy guidance of the industry to reduce stocks and control new amounts
In conjunction with the relevant policies issued at the central and local levels over the past two years, it can be seen that the future development of the chemical fibre (polyester) industry has increased in the direction of greening, differentiation, functionalization, etc., while the State Council, in its Programme of Action on Carbon Reaching by 2030, proposed to “promote the development of synergies between the petrochemicals and the coal mining, metallurgy, building materials, fibre optics, etc.” in 2021.
The polyester sector will accelerate the phase-out of low- and low-yield energy, as required by the policy of upgrading and refining the sector. On the other hand, Zhejiang also proposed to “regulate new high-energy projects such as petrochemicals, chemicals, chemical fibres, etc.” in 2022, although Zhejiang suspended the implementation of policies to replace industrial energy, such as chemical fibres, but limited the industry’s ability to do so.
According to historical data, the completion of investments in the fibre-optics sector has a strong positive correlation with the performance of production. Until 2012, investments in the fibre-optics sector were more cyclical, when the profitability of the industry changed markedly.
Good will trigger a new wave of investment expansion, and the concentration of production capacity will cause excess capacity, leading to a rapid decline in the profitability of the industry, thereby discouraging the willingness of the enterprise to invest until the next cycle. The fibre optics industry has experienced massive new energy releases in 2004. After 2012, the production patterns of the fibre optics industry have stabilized, and the cyclical nature of the investment has shifted.
After 2015, the production capacity of new fibre optics has declined year by year, and we believe that, as the double carbon policy continues to strengthen the constraints on the expansion of the industry, the production capacity of the fibre optics sector has grown only modestly. Figure 40: The cumulative value of fixed asset investment in the fibre optics sector for 2004-2022 is equal to that of capital investment.
Polyester chain production rhythm mismatches, profit shifts downstream. Large-scale expansion of polyester industry is now nearing its end, while in recent years private major refining has led to rapid release of production capacity up to px, pta. 2019-2021, px, pta, polyesters: cumulative additional production capacity of 17.45 million tonnes/year, 20.8 million tonnes/year and 1348 million tonnes/year, respectively, upstream scale and scale of production
According to ccfei statistics, in 2022, the expected additional production capacity is 12.6 and 13.6 million tonnes/year for polyesters and 7.95 million tonnes/year for ethylene diols.
Upstream expansion is much larger than downstream demand in 6.8 million tonnes/year, and the cost dividend at downstream polyester ends is expected to increase.
Since September 2021, the Central China Republic and the State Council have issued a report on the complete and accurate implementation of the new concept of development.
Views on carbon neutrality and work, the State Council issued the Circular on the Issuance of the Carbon Reaching Action Programme to 2030 (National Development Programme No. [2021] 23), the National Development Reform Commission issued the Opinions on Stringent Energy Efficiency Constraints to Promote Energy Savings and Carbon Reduction in the Focus Area and the Action Programme on Energy Efficiency in Priority Industries to Promote Energy Conservation and Reduction (2021-2025), which was launched by the National Development Reform Commission.
In December 2021, the Central Economic Conference noted that new renewable energy sources and raw materials could not be included in total energy consumption controls. We believe that in a supply-side constrained environment, refining is integrated.
With its higher energy use and lower unit energy consumption, the chemical device will contribute to low-carbon development in the industrial chain. Synergy and integration structures will also be the future trend in our petrochemical industry.