Hsikawa Technology (300124.sz) Huo Dong Company 20 has seen a rapid increase in revenue and a rise in net interest rates on new-energy automobile operations
Y0y+26% due mainly to the relatively rapid growth of the new energy automobile industry, the ideal use of vehicles such as company customers and small pelicans, which resulted in the capture of approximately $3.7 billion (y0y+79%) in the company ' s power-driven and power-controlled operations, while in other operations, 2q achieved revenues of approximately $4.3 billion in its general automation operations, which were automated in the country.
Reverse growth (y0y+7 per cent) was achieved against the background of weak demand in the chemical market, with general frequency transformers, robots (with precision machinery) achieving sales revenues of approximately $16, 340 million, y0y+20 per cent, and +62 per cent, respectively; intelligent elevator operations generated revenues of about $1.4 billion, or yoy-3 per cent, mainly due to poor real estate markets.
The first half of the year was marked by strong corporate control and a robust increase in net profits. The Māori ratio of 1h24 fell from 4.5 pcts to 31.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of a higher share of revenue from the low Māori new energy automobile business, a product mix.
In the first half of the year, the company had a significant control effect, with a cost rate of 18.7% (2.4 pcts lower than in the same year), with a net interest rate on the new energy vehicle business rising and future performance likely.
The company’s fourth generation of products, power, control and power, have fully achieved sop and started to deliver in large quantities, leading to an increase in the company’s market share. According to the ne-era data, the domestic share of the new energy source motor control product of 2024h1 was 11% (year-on-year +1.8 pcts), which is second only to that of the country.
D; total power-driven production, share of electrical products of 5.9% (year-on-year +0.8 pcts), 4.7% (profit with combined power, net profit earned from mothers in the first half of 2024 is 380 million yuan, while preparatory work on the platform will be gradually tested in the second half of 2024, and we believe that the company will compete for a winter test.
The competitive advantage will be further enhanced, and will lead to the rapid growth of new energy-car operations. Markets will not warm as expected, and overseas market expansion will be hampered.