The performance of 24h1 is in line with expectations, with the continued high growth of new energy vehicles Motivated operations growing robustly on a year-on-year basis; net profit on maternity is 2,118 million, an increase of 1.98 per cent on a year-on-year basis; net profit on non-mortality is 2,068 million, an increase of 10.77 per cent on a year-on-year basis. In the first quarter, 24q2 companies earned 9,691 million.
0.71 pct, due to cost regulation, the cost of company sales, administration, etc. has declined.
The general automation operation of 24h1 generated revenues of about $7.5 billion, an increase of 10%, or 46.47%. Of this, the general frequency changer earned about $2.5 billion, the universal server system earned about $3 billion, the plc&hmi earned about $690 million, and the industrial robots earned about $580 million.
The share of China in the market was 27.6%, ranking first; the domestic share of low-pressure transformer products was 19.6%, ranking the first research assistant, Xu Joon-chul I; and the domestic share of Scara robotic products sold was 26.3%, ranking first.
In the broader context of dynamic/intellectualization, there is still much room for growth in products such as frequency changers, server systems, plc. New energy vehicles: high performance and continuous industry penetration \triangleright
24H1 New Energy Motors revenue is about $6 billion, a 100% increase over the same year. The company has successfully released its products in the new energy sector and has improved its client structure. The new energy commercial vehicles continue to grow deeper than expected in light cards, microscopic surfaces, ratings: 23q3 performances match expectations, and industrial controls are growing robustly.
Markets such as heavy cards, buses, etc., with a total of 75,676 new energy logistics vehicles installed in the first half of the year, the market share - 2023/10/28 rose to 47 per cent, topping the list, breaking through a number of head customers, with a 220 per cent increase in the volume of electrical controlled shipments.
Assessment: 23h1 performance meets expectations and reverses the structure Overseas: full internationalization 2023/08/22
The company continues to build new subsidiaries and offices, such as Viet Nam, around the regions of East Asia, South-East Asia, India, Middle East North Africa, Europe and the Americas, as well as in Thailand, where the new Hitchon Joint Power Plant has now been set up for 18 children globally for a 23-year period: the share of general automation continues to rise.
Companies and offices, newly launched international products are used in several downstream markets, and some projects have received a bulk of 4.Seconian technology (300124.sz) tri-quarterly 2022 reporting points to draw conclusions on methodological and analytical logic, to produce the present report independently and objectively and to be held accountable for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.