The first half of Zhao Xudong's profits are under pressure, and the new energy vehicle business can grow in time.
Automated revenue growth has been robust and new energy automobiles have been growing faster: 24h1 domestic self-motivated market demand has been weak, oem markets have grown only in individual sectors, such as textiles, and the overall market has continued to rely on project-based markets and increased industry competition.
The positive deployment of multi-product solutions has been accompanied by an effort to promote a higher share of the discrete and project-based markets, with 24h1 having a robust growth of revenues from general automation operations compared to that of others, operating more resiliently than the industry. In the case of growth-oriented operations, 24h1 new energy automobiles have experienced rapid growth over the same period.
Primarily benefiting from pre-fixed vehicle stock, in the case of the customer's ideal car, sales in the first half of the year were equal to the product mix, the combined Māori rate declined, the company's profits were under short-term pressure: the company's 2q based on the median performance forecast
Increase in revenue from the low Māori rate of new energy automobile operations, and build up competition in automated business markets and institutional investors as a share in circulation a drama, resulting in a decline in the combined Māori ratio of companies; 2) exchange rate fluctuations and fair value of equity-type investment projects
The same-year decline in the return on change has affected corporate profit performance. New-energy automobile business can grow in the long term: the company’s subsidiary, Sinkkawa, has a combined power drive to farm new energy vehicles.
The share of energy-borne motor controllers in the Chinese market is third (after Biadi and Hua), while the company's power-driven system products continue to be released after the minibus has been marketed, and their delivery in May rose by two to five places over March.
Aside from the Hungarian overseas factory, which started construction in 2022, the company Thailand factory successfully organized a mass-out ceremony on July 10, 2024, mainly to produce new energy-powered products, which will accelerate the company’s opening of the South-East Asian market.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: Given the weak demand for automated markets, we adjust the profit projections to double, and despite short-term automated markets, we look forward to the growth of the company’s new energy automobile business, and we give them “buy-in” investment advice.
Market warming is not as good as expected and overseas market expansion is blocked.