A breakdown of the expected growth of the two-driven new energy vehicle operation
The decrease is mainly due to an increase in the share of new energy vehicle operations. Sales rates, overhead rates, R & D costs.
Motivated operations yielded $7,522 million, an increase of 9.70 per cent over the same period. Of these, general frequency transformers, December lowest prices, universal server systems, plc&hmi, industrial robots (with precision machinery) achieved about one percent.
During the first half of the year, China's industrial automatization market demand was weak, market competition intensified, companies pursued structural opportunities in traditional downstream industries, and the “war zone plus industry” mode of warfare was effectively established, leading to steady growth.
The Department ' s universal server system and low-voltage transformers in China are among the first in terms of their share of about 27.60 per cent and 19.60 per cent, respectively; the small prc in China is about 13.70 per cent and the second in terms of their share; the sales of industrial robotic products are about 9.00 per cent in terms of sales in China, and the third in terms of their position is with Fanako (first), Ess.
The sales of scara robotic products were about 26.30% in China City, ranking first. Disaggregated by the two-driven new energy vehicle business over-expected growth.
In the first half of 2024, the new energy automobile industry continued to grow at a faster pace, with a particularly rapid increase in the power-infused/supplemented mixed power market, and the overall penetration rate of the industry continued to rise.
Companies continue to innovate in terms of products and technologies, helping them to accelerate their growth. With respect to new energy commercial vehicles, companies continue to contract less.
Markets such as cards, microscopics, heavy cards, buses, etc., with a strong top-to-to-client cooperation strategy, a marked increase in revenue is evident. The company’s share of the total new energy logistics vehicle load increased to 47.00% in the first half of the year, ranking first; the company has broken through many head customers in the new energy heavy card sector in the country, with a similar increase in the volume of power control shipments.
Long 220.00 per cent. If demand falls short of expectations, corporate performance will be pressured; and (3) firm performance will be put under considerable pressure if raw material prices rise significantly.
Note: The “market index” of this rating system,a the share reference point is the depth 300 index; the new three-board reference point is the three-board index. Investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “middle- and low-risk”, “stable” investors only to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium-risk”, “positive” investors only to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk” and “radical” investors to use our divisions
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.