In mid-2024, it was reported that the industrial control of alpha was still significant, and that on July 28th, 2024, the energy truck entered the harvest period.
The research assistant, Xu Jianhyu, met expectations: 1) the new energy vehicles at the end of the revenue line continued to grow with a steady increase in engineering controls; 2) the interest rate at the end of the profit was reduced due to competition, the three-fee rate was lower and the receivable, credit impairment was lower on a year-on-year basis;
3) Losses on exchange rate fluctuations and fair value changes in equity-type investment projects have decreased on a year-on-year basis.  General automation: 24q2 industry-wide pressure, new energy-related delays are significant, but companies continue to operate with a significant and steady increase in the size of alpha. 24q2oem/project-type industry according to Wise Industries
The same ratio - 7.5/2.4 per cent for light industry-related industries, and the rest of the industry is under pressure.Record h1 shows that, despite the higher-than-expected decline in photovoltaic and lithium power, we believe that companies are actively pursuing opportunities and traditional industries are largely growing in a positive way, reflecting a strong presence of alpha-1 in operation.
For the rest of the year, we expect the company to be able to rely on a scalding purchasing effect, pressure to transfer the price down to the widgets, non-target resolution.
• New energy cars: q2 is expected to have higher incomes and higher profitability. Top Clients' ideal/Gwan-Eyan/Small Plum 24h1 sales are equal to +36%/-40%/+41%, while companies benefit from hybrid car sales
We expect more than expected, and we expect more than 60% of the company's revenue to be increased, but we expect more competition for the entire car factory, higher price reductions for power-driven suppliers, and we expect the profit rate to remain stable.
▪ Elevators: Industry under pressure, seaboarding, and accompaniment are the cornerstones of a steady increase. 24h1 houses have been completed in a cumulative area of between -22%, and we expect the company to have the same level of revenue for the operation of the o2 elevators.
The company is expected to maintain a steady performance rating of 0 to 5 per cent throughout the year, with elevators going out to the sea and a major hedge industry pressure.