Event: The company 2024h1 achieved operating income of $16,183 million.
In the first half of 2024, the company ' s share in the Chinese market was about 27.6 per cent, ranking first. The share of low-pressure transformer products (including elevator-specific transformers) in the Chinese market was about 19.6 per cent.
The share of small-scale plc products in the Chinese market is about 13.7 per cent, and the second highest. (2) The advantages of a generic automaticized industrial solution, in engineering machinery, textiles, machines, plastics, ceramics, gold, are influenced by the weakness of the general automation sector and increased competition.
Sun Ran's electricity equipment and new energy industry research aided more than 20 subsectors of product and cable, food beverages, air-pressure machines, etc., to achieve better growth, while companies followed the tide of domestic industrial customers in depth, collating hundreds of customers.
The new energy vehicle business continues to grow. The company's new energy vehicle business has generated sales revenues of about $6 billion, an increase of over 100%. The company has become the leader of the country's new energy car electric system.
Enterprises: The share of the company ' s new energy passenger motor control product in the Chinese market was 11.0 per cent. Second, the company ' s share of the electrical control product was ranked first among third-party suppliers: the company ' s share of the company ' s total new energy passenger motor drive in the Chinese market was about 5.9 per cent.
In terms of expansion, the overall capacity of domestic and foreign plants to climb up rapidly: the Changzhou plant phase I and phase II projects were fully operational, the plant in Thailand was downline, and the Hungarian plant was moving forward as planned, and we thought that with the release of production capacity and the scale effect, the new energy business was expected to become a profit growth point for companies.
Profit projection and investment rating: we expect the company ' s net return profit for 2024-2026 to be the following: Risk factors: industry demand is not as high as expected: risk of technological variability: price waves of raw materials \triangleright
Super-expected risk: environmental and safe production risks, etc.
The research focuses on a breakdown of the industry and a share of the excavations.
Sun-ran, Research Assistant for the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Finance, Shandong University, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, which is responsible for industrial control components that have not been and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which have been approved by the China CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.