Larger shares (600160.sh) are so expensive that demand and supply are improving and the price of refrigerants is increasing.
Incidents: 1. The traditional season is near, air-conditioned discharges are on the same scale, the prices of refrigerants are on the increase, and the price difference is further higher. 2.2024 The National Mine Safety Inspectorate will carry out a nationwide campaign to secure the production of fluorescent mines from March to August.
The safe production order in the mines is stable, and the conclusions and recommendations are that, in 2024, the price of refrigerants will enter the price increase cycle and that, in the context of quota cuts, the supply end will continue to tighten, and the industry will start to experience long-term events.
First in the production quota, the industry is well-established, and the industry is well-established. Keep in mind the company’s performance, the company is now valued reasonably, with a “buy-in” rating. The refrigerant production quota continues to be reduced, and the industry landscape opens up: to protect the ozone layer and reduce the temperature.
The effect of the chamber effect is that global production and use of fluorinated refrigeration has been phased out in line with the Montreal Protocol and the Kigali Amendment. Two generations of these refrigerants are now fully exploited in developed countries, and developing countries are on an accelerated reduction phase, reducing production by 35 per cent by 2020.
Three generations of fluorinated refrigerants in current use have also been reduced in time, with the major developed countries accounting for a group of 2024) freezing the total production and use of three generations of refrigerants in 2024 (not exceeding 30% of the baseline year). The current production and use of four generations of refrigerants is not yet mature, with three and two generations of refrigerants being produced and used.
The alternative is not enough, so we believe that the global HFC refrigerant quota will continue to tighten over the long term, and that the refrigerant industry is expected to move into a long-term landscape. The company’s three-generation refrigerant quota is in the lead, and performance growth is guaranteed: domestic refrigerant production is made by ecological rings.
The Ministry of the Interior issued quotas to companies on a variety basis, so between 2020 and 2022, refrigerant manufacturers competed for quotas, at the expense of expanding production, and the refrigerant industry was at the bottom. The quota is currently frozen, with the Ministry of Ecology officially issuing domestic refrigerants in 2024 on 11 January 2024.
Quotas. In 2024, the country ' s three-generation refrigerant production quota amounted to 746,000 tonnes, of which the production quota for four major refrigerant varieties, r32, r125, r134a, r143a, amounted to 666,000 tonnes, or 89%.
Supply and demand patterns are expected to continue to be optimized and production concentration increased further. The total production quota for the company ' s three generations of refrigerants amounts to 254,000 tons, or 34% of the city ' s production rate, and the country ' s first, of which R32 million, or 95.9 million tonnes, or 40% of the domestic quota, r125, or 573 million tonnes, or 35% of the domestic quota, r134a
The quota of 20.7 million tonnes, or 32% of the domestic quota, the r143a quota of 11.16 million tonnes, or the domestic quota, is long-term and, with increased concentration in the industry, prices are expected to be set for several major production firms nearing the season, and the price increase is on: a significant increase in downstream air conditioning emissions, the pull of refrigerant demand, according to O
Wimunnet data, the country's total domestic air-conditioning production of 2.03 million units in March, vov+21.6%, downstream demand pulls, collides with traditional seasons approaching, increases in refrigerant prices, maintenance of prices for major raw materials, sustained price differentials between company products and raw materials, and rapid increases in profits.
Mainstream refrigerant r22 averaged 22,000 yuan/tt (yoy+10%, Mom+10%), three generations of main refrigerant r32 averaged 25,000 yuan/tonne (yoy+72%, Mom+22%), r125 averaged 4.35 million yuan/t (yoy+71%, Mom+21%) and r134a averaged 32,000 yuan/tonne (yoy+32%, Mom+3%).
The price differential between refrigerants and major feedstocks has doubled, with the price differential between three generations of mainstream refrigerant r32 and feedstocks (trichloromethane and hydrofluoric acid) now increasing from 1400 to 8075 tons in the same period last year, a 783 per cent increase in the same year, resulting in a substantial increase in profit.
The Department, as the leading company in the country with a three-generation refrigerant production quota, will benefit fully from this.
The chain supply and demand pattern is expected to continue to optimize. The current average price of the limousine 97 wet powder is $3330 per ton (yoy+16%, Mom+2%) and is expected to remain medium-high for the long term. We expect high prices for the main raw materials to support the whole chain price up and watch the whole chain of the fluorine industry.
Profit projection: In view of the higher price increases in our products, we have revised the profit forecast, public figure: refrigerants by variety - major feedstock cost differential ($/t), annex III: cash flow statement for all types of refrigerants
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.