It's a big deal. It's a big deal. It's a big deal.
The refrigerant landscape has opened, and the taps are expected to benefit from the same level by the same time. The Ministry of Eco-Environment issued a refrigerant quota for 2024, the company’s production quota in the country, the first, the acquisition of fly-source chemicals, the increase in three generations of refrigerant production, and the complete chain of fluorine industries.
The current refrigerant price rises, the price differentials, and the industry’s long-term boom. Looking at company performance repairs, the company’s current valuation is reasonable, and the “inter-zone operation” rating is maintained.
The volume of refrigerants and food packaging materials fell in full price, although some of the plate sizes were reduced, but the industry as a whole (Yoy+7 per cent) received 2.887 billion yuan (Yoy-29 per cent). The average price for the products of the petrochemical material sheet was $1,050 million (Yoy-20 per cent).
The price of mineral resources, such as fluorescent and smoke-free coal, is higher than the price per year, but the price of industrial salt, electro-stone, etc. q4 shows an increase in the average ring price of refrigerants, fluorinated fine chemicals, petrochemical materials, basic chemical products, but tons of raw materials.
Prices of stones, industrial salt, etc., have increased, and corporate profitability is expected to remain stable. Refrigerant landscapes have opened and price differentials have increased: three generations of refrigerant prices rose rapidly in 2024, and prices have increased.
The increase in refrigerant price differentials will increase corporate profits, and the company is currently leading the domestic refrigerant production capacity and is expected to fill the quota, optimize the supply and demand pattern: on 11 January 2024, the Ministry of Eco-Environment officially issued a quota for domestic second-generation refrigerants and three-generation refrigerants for 2024.
Of the 746,000 tonnes of workers, the production quota for r32, r125, r134a, r143a amounted to 666,000 tonnes, or 89% of the total. The four major refrigerant varieties cr3 were above 70%, followed by a continuous reduction in the quota and the withdrawal of the backward capacity, the supply and demand patterns are expected to continue to be optimized and the production capacity concentrated in one.
Tens of thousands of tons, or 34 per cent of the city ' s share, were the country ' s first, with r32 quota of 95.9 million tons, or 40 per cent of the domestic quota, r125 quota of 5.73 million tons, or 35 per cent of the domestic quota, r134a quota of 20.7 million tons, refrigerants in the long run, companies as industry leaders, and strong performance.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.