The consumer upgrading and recreation research centre has been expanding well, and the long-term growth path is becoming clear.
+19.6 +19.6 +5.7 + 640 million net profit for the parent, plus 0.7 + 560 million net profit for the non-mother, and the overall performance is largely in line with expectations. In addition, the company’s contractual liability ring at the end of the quarter increased by 300 million to 730 million yuan.
The 1q income growth has been excellent, and the new product expansion has been successful: the electricity connection industry is expected to grow by almost 10% over the same period, and the charging gun and charging stumps continue to grow at a fast pace with a steady growth in the conversion class.
30%, mainly based on rapid growth in lighting, smart ecological products such as bathhouses, smart door locks, and 1.
An annual 4q upgrade of 2.2 pct, with the impact of raw materials gradually diminishing, will make it possible to repair the company’s profitability levels. 4. New product categories are expected to open up new cost rates, while company marketing costs of 1q have increased to support the expansion of new products and 1q cost of sales.
+0.6 pct to 5.2 per cent, in addition to the same ratio for management costs +0.4 pct to 3.9 per cent for R & D, the core is solid, and the distance-to-cow group depths are strong and the ratio is +0.6 pct to 3.6 per cent.
The long-term growth path is becoming clearer by identifying the two main strategic tracks: in addition to having the edge of the bottom-c channel, companies are now active through multiple channels, and end-b has established solid cooperation with more than 120 well-known decorative companies across the country, with electricity suppliers maintaining the leading market in the core category and gradually building full-source competitive advantages.
With smart ecology, new energy, and the future direction of the two tracks, strategic products such as charge guns, charge poles, headlights, etc. are being introduced, based on brand names, channels, manufacturing advantages, and the company’s share of new products is continuously rising, with a clearer long-term growth path.
(b) The expansion of the channel at end of Shelley b; the expansion of the new product category; and the substantial increase in the price of raw materials.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment