The Bulls Group (603195): Business base, steady development, new product opening up the growth space, the Bulls Group.
Event: Corporate performance in 21st and 1st quarter of 22nd years. Business income in 2021 was $12.385 billion. Bulls Group Inc. was founded in 1995 and focused on people with converters, wall switches and plugs at their core.
Research and development, production and marketing of electrician products, including, inter alia, transformers (i.e. extension wire plugs, mobile plugs, etc.), walls, wall switches plugs, led lighting, digital accessories, etc.
The basic dish of the class is steadily developing, and the new product opens up the space for growth. The sub-business looks at 1) the electric connection business collects 64.13 electrical extension products, which are widely used in the home, and is worth billions of dollars, +15.57% of the year.
In 2021, the track plugs were listed as top of the skycat platform for three months, and introduced lifts and drops, plugs, safe cores, etc. In 2021, the company launched a new energy vehicle to fill with electric guns, load-posts, and two months to market as online sales champions, while the company developed fours.
New energy sources, such as shops, auto maintenance stores, etc. (2) Smart electricians collect $5,551 million in lighting, and companies focus on building a product matrix for pre-loading. Consumers need a one-stop shop. Multi-products lead to rapid growth. High-line markets (one or two-line cities): intelligent upgrading of products, sustained push.
By building a network of bull thinkers and strengthening the interface with Ali, Peto, Kyundong, Mi, etc.
Circulation unit b/h (millions of shares) Strengthening the product power of smart products. Low-line markets: promotion of door shop specialization and integration, import of electricians online, active deployment of outdoor fast-loaded products, 22q1 have returned to growth and are expected to continue in the future.
(c) End channels are strong and end b channels are growing rapidly. The company has established two major marketing systems: Toc, Tob, and actively promotes the development of all channels under the line, on the line, and end b, in synergy with each other. (1) End c channels: advances in precision, and consolidates advantages. Underline: more than 750,000 channels, increasing the number of super-sellers.
(b) More than 120,000 decorative channels, with companies continuing to promote the creation of integrated shops to enhance the synergy of products, currently over 18,000, more than double the ratio, and are expected to remain open this year at a high rate;
Many, focusing on upgrading the quality of their operations with digital tools, continuously upgrading the “visit sales” sales model. On-line: 32% increase in revenue from electricity suppliers in the same year 2021. The company promotes full-grade, platform-wide digital operations, actively develops product-specific products for online channels, and in 2021 it successfully built orbital plugs and fills.
Multiple charges, such as electric guns, maintain the highest rate of occupancy for converters, wall-openings and two superior species of Skycats.) (b) Outcomes: continuous strengthening of professional service capabilities and high-speed business expansion. In 2021, revenue from b-channels increased by 175% over the same period. The company built up an independent and refined development system around the three main lines of loading, engineering projects and consummation.
To improve the capacity of professional services and to improve the efficiency of production end-delivery. For housing and engineering projects, the company uses small b channels to ensure better profit margins and voice rights; for loading channels, the company has joined Saint-Doug, s1480521080005.
More than 120 well-known decorating companies, such as Peaks, Shells, have worked together, and through traditional porters and distributors, have continued to develop regional loading and designer channels, and the current loading sites have reached more than 10,000. The price of raw materials has led to short-term pressure on profitability.
By relying on greater cost-control capabilities, companies achieve net interest rates of 22.45 per cent under cost pressure, and their profitability is expected to recover from the fall in prices from Eastern financial booms and the gradual release of new products.
Profit predictions and investment ratings: companies are leading the country’s civil power industry, power connections, and fenced operations are strong. Companies contribute to performance growth by continuing to expand their product categories through their power lines and efficient supply chains; and they create two high-potential markets, namely, home-wide smart ecology and new energy sources, opening up future growth prospects.
Bulls Group (603195): Basic business growth, new products opening up the space for growth, the source of financial growth in the East, the source of financial growth in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the Bulls Group (603195): business is doing well, and new products open up room for growth
Changja Jay, research assistant profile, Shen Chong Lwin.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.