High performance continues to grow, cloud computing business potential continues to rise - Treasure News software (600845) annual performance forecast for 2018.
Under the company's announcement, the two companies plan to complete seven information systems in 2018.
In the long run, the “bold war merger” is expected to lay the foundation for a steady growth of the company. The idc operation is making new progress and is expected to achieve a double increase in income size and profitability.
The Unit is expected to continue at a faster rate than the depth of 300. According to the company announcement, the total number of contracts for the company's idc hangars is more than 20,000, and in fact the number is around 10,000; the number of contracts for the Treasure Clouds II and III is 100%, and the rate of contracts for the four phases is about 33%.
Second, the idc business is expanding, and the national distribution strategy is moving forward. On the one hand, in August 2018, the public administration invested $640.8 million in four projects, with a change in total project collections, according to company estimates, resulting in an increase of 5% in the internal rate of return on investment finances and 30% and 27%, respectively, in annual income and after taxes;
On the other hand, the company plans to establish the Great Steel Data Industries Company Ltd., jointly with the Wuhan Qingshan National Finance Corporation, and plans to build 18,000 hangars (approximately 67.2 per cent of the Bounty Cloud cabinets) between 2019 and 2023 as an important step towards the national layout of the idc operation.
In an interview on the follow-up to the Central Economic Work Conference, the Minister of Trade and Finance, Hsiao Xiao, expressed the need to “enhance innovative capacity-building”, “In-depth implementation of smart manufacturing projects to foster the development of advanced manufacturing clusters” and “intellectual systems”.
The demonstration effects of industry’s Internet and mes/erp leading businesses may be further highlighted, and the associated policy support is expected to increase further. Companies, as one of the leading domestic smart manufacturing firms, are expected to benefit from more policy benefits in the future.
In the area of the industrial Internet, in 2018, companies successfully applied to the Ministry of Industry and Communications for steel and steel.
Pilot testing project for industrial Internet platforms, whose industrial big data platforms were also selected in the 2017 White Paper on Industrial Interconnectivity; in the area of smart transformation, such as manufacturing processes, companies entered the “First Smart Manufacturing 2. Treasure Software” (60845) semi-annual 2018.
Recommended Directory of System Solutions Providers, with some advantages for services such as iron and steel, mes, ems, etc. Review: Industrial Internet and cloud computing are two-wheel-drive, taking into account the growth in performance resulting from the “breath of arms”, smart manufacturing being encouraged by policy, and idc operations
The growth in size and the company's performance forecast for this period include the upwards firm, with an average valuation value of 0.73 per cent per year from 2018 to 2020, and the smart manufacturing block company, which currently has an average valuation value of 40 x, with some valuation advantages for the company. The “recommended” rating is maintained.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.