Treasure software (600845) computer performance exceeded expectations and idc continued to expand southwest securities research and development centre
Overperformance: the company ' s performance exceeded expectations, mainly as a result of the increase in the number of rolls in Treasure Clouds II and III, the increase in revenue from idc operations and the significant increase in corporate information orders in the steel industry, the improvement of traditional business structures, the continued expansion of idc, and the growth of corporate performance: the company ' s current fleet of about 18,000 aircraft in the first three phases of the company ' s Treasure Clouds is already in progress
The previous four periods were followed by an additional 640 million investments, with annual income and net profits of 950 million and 3.7 cabinets to be delivered. From one to four, there were approximately 27,500 cabinets with a corresponding output performance of 1.04 billion, and the Idc industry will significantly increase corporate performance.
It was announced that it was proposed to establish a company with a joint venture with the Wuhan Gang Group, the Treasure Land Assets and Wuhan Qingshan State Finances to create the largest data estate in the central region, in close cooperation with the idle resources of the Group following its transformation, based on the experience of the Tolboshin idc Building and the operation of the Treasure Land Property Park, which is planned to create the largest data estate in the central region.
In three batches, you can build 18,000 20a cabinets. The Great Steel Data Park idc is the company’s first landing project for idc in the country, and it is expected that the company will continue landing in the core area in the form of direct investment or cooperation.
Iron and steel information climate maintained: benefits from increased demand for energy efficiency in the steel industry, the release of internal demand after the consolidation of the BMW, and the landing of large external orders driven by the Matthews effect, the continuation of corporate informationization and automation. 18 years of high growth in corporate information orders, 19 years of increased automation, etc.
Product lines, which are expected to release orders quickly; Business exposures, which boost performance, maintain the “buy-in” rating.
According to the Industrial Park, the idc operation is going to the country (2019-01-10) 3. Treasure letter software (600845). Four rounds of investment plus
4. Treasure letter software (600845): idc business volume, DG operations quality enhancement (2018-03-21)
Assumption 1: Considering the explosion of iron and steel information orders and the gradual increase in the proportion of steel information services in software development, assuming 21 per cent, 23 per cent and 25 per cent increases in corporate software development and engineering services orders between 2018 and 2020, iron and steel information operations have a significantly higher rate of Maori than smart city-type operations, assuming a gradual increase in the overall rate of Maori in software development over the next three years, respectively
Assumption 2: services outsourcing will be released gradually as the company ' s idc project lands, assuming the cumulative number of containers delivered by the company at the end of 2019 is 25,500, the number of containers on board is approximately 23,900, and the cumulative number of containers delivered by the company by the end of 2020
There are 27100 units that have been put on board, with the Māori rate remaining at 44%. No compensation will be obtained either directly or indirectly for, and not for, the specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory business approved by the CMS.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.