On May 22, 2017, the company received a report from the Chinese SEC on the approval of a limited share in the equipment of the Shandong intern electrician.
The Division issues shares to purchase assets and collect matching funds from the Business Management Centre (Little Partnership) in Suzhou, etc.
Suzhou Xinjiang is mainly engaged in the development, design and manufacture of high-speed optical communication modules, such as 10g/25g/40g/100g, which provide a light communication module solution for customers in the fields of data centres, wireless access and transmission. Suzhou Xinjiang has 10 gsfp+, 10 gxfp, 25 gsfp28, 40gqsfp+, 100 gcfp4/qsfp28, etc.
In January-August 2016, Xuzhou achieved operating income of 1.1 billion yuan, of which 40 g/100g achieved operating income of 858 million, or 77.74%. Meanwhile, Suzhou Xinjiang module products have been endorsed by a number of well-known domestic clients, including Google, Amazon, Hua, Naking, and others.
Compared to the trend of depth 300, the Unit, whose clients are Google, Amazon, Huayuan, Hyve and Naking, account for 19.74 per cent, 16.44 per cent, 14.89 per cent, 9.94 per cent and 7.23 per cent of the company ' s operating income, respectively, and are recognized by well-known domestic and foreign clients.
He's got a lot of industry experience, and he's overperforming his commitment to performance.
Google's investment in Suzhou, with 5.5% of shares, highlights the recognition of Suzhou's team strength and technical capacity. Suzhou's performance commitment for 2016-2017 and 2018 is expected to continue.
Increased performance incentives, 60% above the performance commitments, have a positive impact on the future performance of Suzhou.
Kim, the director of the board, Wang Wei-hyuk, has pledged $284 million, more than 50% of the total, and management has strong confidence in the company’s future development. The company’s increase is mainly in the light module automation production line improvement project, light module development and production line construction project. (1) Light module development and production line construction projects: through the acquisition of related production equipment and related equipment
Testing of equipment, expansion of production capacity, improvement of production efficiency, efficient production of products, enhancement of company technology; Research Assistant: Matsun's technological innovation advantage and addition of 3 million units of production capacity to the annual optical module. (2) Automation of production lines for the light module
Renovation project: The production line is intended to be intelligently modified on the basis of the original production line in Suzhou. Once the project is completed, the production line will add 2.3 million units of production capacity to the annual production and circulation module.
The company's proposed acquisition of Suzhou Xinjiang is dominated by a 40g/100g high-end light module, high-quality domestic and foreign customer resources, and a domestic "Intermediate Equipment" (300308), company rating: purchase of Suzhou Xin Xin.
JUNG Ping, head of the tmt group. Ph.D. in Management, Chinese Petroleum University Business School, pa mentor; research experience in the field of tmt for nearly 10 years, 2016
Yang Jian, Master of Arts, nine years of professional experience, long-term work in wireless research and development, system delivery, solution marketing, August 2015 joined the People ' s Masson, graduated from the University of Hoyoji, Master of Business Administration, and joined the People ' s Securities in 2016. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, and ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,