Middle equipment (300308) study, acquisition of dust and dust and light communication master sailing on May 22, 2017.
Approve the Reciprocal Repository for the Purchase of Assets and the Collection of Auxiliary Funds from such issuers as Sun Yungung Center (Limitary Partnership) of the Mid-Technology Equipment Company Ltd., Suzhou
(Censorship Licence [2017] 741), the company's shareholdings for the purchase of assets and the collection of matching funds and associated transactions, have been approved.Currently, business data for 2016 are over-expected, and merger restructuring is well under way: listed companies
The M & As is difficult to achieve growth, the M & As transition is strong, and the selection of the M & A country's high-speed light lead company, Suzhou, is a very wise choice. This M & As Reorganization has been approved as expected: 1 - S & T has been dismantled since April 2016
The external market ' s red fund-raising structure is well under way, and programme changes have been made in conjunction with the regulatory level.2 Suh-shio announced its 2016 performance, generating operating income of $1,959 million, resulting in a net profit of $230 million to the mother, significantly exceeding previous performance commitments, reflecting a fair share.
High-speed growth capacity and sustained profitability. The high-speed light module industry is emerging with a dividend that creates a full competitive advantage: the light communication network belt in the context of the growth of the flow index and the acceleration of cloud computing operations
Wide-band expansion. Starting in 2016, the global data centre switch interface will replace 100 g light module products, and infonetics expects global revenues from 10g/40g/100g light module in 2020 to reach $4.35 billion, in the overall light module
The share of the market will be over 61%. Xuzhou is the country’s core supplier of 10g/25g/40g/100g light module industry, with a full competitive advantage, and its strengths are concentrated in: 1. Corporate marketing networks are strong, with major customers including Google, Amazon, etc.
Large Euro-American Internet giants and Chinese communications giants like China and China have strong voice in the global market; 2. Companies have upstream chip supply chain control, and in 2016, throughout the city, companies continued to rely steadily on chip supplies for expansion.
Production, with 68% of the growth rate; 3. Corporate technology accumulated, sealing process water, and production lines operated with great experience, product performance and robustness.
High performance rewards gambling and performance and inspires firm confidence in long-term development: Company 1. Intermediary equipment: acquisition of Sioux Xinjiang, high speed.
The masters of the light communication module have completed collection + hand orders have exceeded expectations, and performance is almost non-existent. Under the excess performance awards, the performance pledge will receive 60% of the excess performance.
Incentives, incentives and confidence in the long-term development of the company, for the benefit of public 2. Intermediary equipment: acquisition of Xinjiang Pass in Suzhou, with significant potential for light communication growth
Profit forecasting and investment rating: Xuzhou outperformed its performance in 2016 by 30% of its performance commitments, resulting in a downside risk of Xuzhou ' s profitability.