The performance growth dynamic is strong, and the spread rate is expected to increase, with China Connect issuing its semi-annual report for 2021, the company achieving high-quality growth in business of $164.2 billion in the first half of the year, and a sustained increase in the value of its arpu: (1) mobile service end: first half of the year of the company
The income from mobile services is $82,092 million (youy + 7.3%), mainly because the company’s 5g users are industry leaders. The growing number of 5g users has also led to a steady upturn in the value of the arpu.
The company's arpu value of 2021h1 is 44.4 (yoy+8.5%) and the company's arpu value is expected to remain open in the future as the penetration rate of 5g increases further. (2) Networking at the end of the business: 65.330 billion yuan (yoy+7.9%) in the company's netting services in the first half of the year.
At a time when the operator's 2b business will also be fully flowered, the company has in recent years made a major effort to deploy the idc and cloud service end, with deep layouts in areas such as the industrial Internet, the exclusive network, etc., and with the increase in 5g coverage and the maturity of the associated profit model, the company is expected to continue to operate at the b end and drive the solidity.
5g Extension leads to arpu upscaling, digital transformation drives excellent co-building results and steady growth in capital expenditure: companies continue to expand their network co-development, industrial Internet operations increase
Tasks, which are expected to result in savings of more than 86 billion yuan in aggregate with telecommunications, are expected to build a 5g shared base station at 700,000 stations in 2021, and a cumulative 460,000 shared base station at 2021h1.
The model also reduces corporate pressure on capital spending, which is projected to be 70 billion yuan a year, which is almost at the same level as last year. With steady growth in capital spending, the company _aaa_China Connect (600050) reports quarterly reviews.
The pressure on cash flows has declined, while also providing some guarantees for the growth of net profits of the company. Starting a medium-term spread, with a share in the red, or going to increase: the company plans to launch a medium-term distribution in 2021, taking into account the company’s good performance in recent years and the continuous improvement in free cash flows, which is planned for this year.
Xia Qingjing Xiannet's technology is on the market, and it deepens the layout of the car network industry.
In 2020, about $425 million was collected and the net gain was approximately $67.52 million. The company mainly provides intellectual connection and smart operations professional services, as well as Ki-Yun-sung.
Intelligent applications such as 5g, v2x, mec, new-generation information technology, smart traffic co-ops, fleet management, and smart cabins. When separated, they can enhance their competitiveness, speed up business development, raise returns, and release their value better.
Shareholders (69% holding shares) will benefit from value enhancement and release. Profit forecasting: considering the company’s recent bright performance, the reported higher-than-expected profit growth rate, and the high-growth potential of corporate innovation in the midst of a digital transition, we have adjusted the company upwards.
Risk factors: The 5g penetration rate is not as fast as expected, innovation is not expanding as expected, Central American trade is becoming more volatile, and there is a risk of acceleration costs.