Mid 2021: Keeping the innovation transition in place and building the difference
Research assistant Yao Jiuhua has been able to upgrade his intellectual transformation, leading to a sustained increase in revenue: in the first half of 2021, the company focused on the digitalization, networking, intellectual transformational needs of the Economic Society, integrating the development of innovative and basic business, and the development of new businesses.
Cash generated from operating activities as a percentage of operating income has remained constant at over 30 per cent, the quality of payments made has stabilized operating cash flows and net cash flows from operating activities in the first half of 2021 amounted to $51,415 million.
• The release of the Science and Technology Dismantling Project for ITN to accelerate the upgrading and release of its value: on 19 August 2021, China United issued the Dismantling Project, which intends to divide the technology of ITN, an indirect holding subsidiary, into a stock listing. ITN's science and technology operations focus on the area of car networking, including smart connections, smart operations and smart applications.
This break-up will not have a substantial impact on the sustainability of the company's other business sections, and will help to further enhance and release corporate corporate value, enhance the innovation capacity and development of corporate and intellectual network technology.
At the level of the gold stream, the United Red Cross Corporation decided on 19 August 2021 to launch a medium-term interest distribution increase and plans to raise the rate of profit distribution throughout the year 2021, reflecting the company's emphasis on shareholder interests and returns and sharing the results of its operations.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: China achieved a steady improvement in connectivity performance as policy gains and 5g penetration rates steadily increased, so we have projected a return net profit forecast for 2021-2023 from the first quarter of the year: performance continues to improve.
Good, industrial Internet operations are growing rapidly, with expected risks, construction of 5g below expected risks and foreign-to-foreign risks.
China Connect published its mid-year report for 2021 and achieved business income of 16,144 million yuan in the first half of the year, an increase of 9.16 per cent in the same year, a net return to the mother of 4,033 million yuan, an increase of 20.61 per cent in the same year, a basic per share gain of 0.13 yuan per share, and, in the first half of 2021, a firm ' s economic and social digitalization, networking and intellectual transformation needs were met and its development consolidated.
New and basic operations, moving arpu and service income have continued to rise and profit margins have increased significantly. 2021h1 achieves a steady improvement in the quality of operations and cash flows have improved significantly. Māori sales in the first half of 2021 were 26.70 per cent, a decrease of 0.59 pp compared to the same period last year and an increase of 0.60 pp compared to 2020h2;
With regard to cash flows, net cash flows from corporate operations in the first half of 2021 amounted to $51,415 million, while the ratio of cash to operating income remained constant at over 30 per cent, returns were of good quality and operating cash flows were stable.
China’s ability to control connectivity costs needs to be further improved. As a result of the expansion of the company’s operations, three major costs increased in the first half of 2021.
On 19 August 2021, the China Union issued a split plan to divide the technology of the Indirect Holdings (ITN) into a stock market. ITN's science and technology operations focus on the area of car networking, including smart connections, smart operations and smart applications, and public access.
This split will not constitute a substantial picture of the business continuity of the other business sections of the company. Table 1: Distribution and application of science and technology of ITN to meet the special needs of car network end-to-end systems for high customization, high security, high timeliness, etc.
Request; provision of integrated smart connectivity services unique to the scene, including mobile network-based vehicles smart connection operations and cloud-based network integration operations. Provision of eco-operation services, introduction of networked media content and online information services, enrichment of vehicles
(a) Networking content services ecosystems;
Provision of digital operating services to assist car companies in providing tools such as tsp, big data, etc., and transport management to improve the efficiency of vehicle network operations.
Intelligent applications. Synergy of paths for intelligent transportation, fleet management applications and intelligent class applications for personalized users.
After this break-up, ITN science and technology will be listed independently, contributing to the upgrading of ITN technology and the expansion of operations, and further enhancing the corporate influence in the area of car networking. The break-up will help to further enhance and release the overall value of the Department, and enhance the innovation and development potential of ITN and ITN science and technology.
ITN technology successfully completed a mixed ownership reform in 2019, introducing war, including a one-carbon equity investment (Tianjin), Eastern Asset Management Ltd., Guangzhou Enterprise Investment Partnership (Little Partnership), etc.
RMB, which is 14.12% lower than in 2018 (432 million yuan in operating income), and in 2020 revenue recovered to 425 million yuan, which is different. ITN’s audited financial data are based on what is disclosed in its offer statement.
On 19 August 2021, the Board of Directors of the Consolidated Red Fund launched a decision to distribute dividends in the medium term, at a rate of 0.12 dollars per share. The Federation raised a forecast of an average dividends of 0.195 dollars for the market for the entire year 2021.
In order to reflect the great importance attached to shareholder returns, the United Red Cross plans to raise the annual profit distribution rate for 2021 by allocating the dividends to shareholders in cash, after deducting the corresponding amount of cash received. The opening of the middle-term dividends and the increase in the distribution rate fully reflect the importance that the company attaches to shareholder interests and returns, and the development of the shared business.
Profit forecasting and investment rating Continued market competition risk, industry regulatory policy change risk, technology upgrade less than expected risk, construction less than anticipated risk, foreign exposure.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board