Investment rating: Increase (maintenance) • Full implementation of the overall deployment of 1+5+5, with 2021h1 battalion receiving quality steadily issuing performance reports for 2021h1 to companies that exceed expectations. Companies achieved operating income of $16.474 billion (+9.16 per cent) during the reporting period.
Realization of a parent net profit of $4.03 billion (+20.61 per cent), a Māori rate of 26.70 per cent and a net interest rate of 5.59 per cent; RMB (+20.15 per cent), a steady increase in profitability and significant efficiency gains. 2021h1 fully implemented the overall deployment of “1+5+5” to accelerate the overall digital transformation and advance the “new ecology” of intelligent life and digital intelligence
We believe that, as telecommunications operators return, the signs of recovery are becoming clear and the application of 5 g is constantly breaking, and the company's performance is expected to be higher than expected, so we do everything we can to promote efficiency gains in basic and innovative operations. Companies move, move, move, move.
Broadband, integration of users, effective upgrading. Investing in innovative business development, enhancing cloud network integration, sustaining intelligent cities, digital government, industrial Internet, health-care priority sectors, cloudy industries, thousands of stations, 5g network coverage in urban areas above the land level, and in the heart of developed counties, the network has been scaled up.
At the same time, the company ' s 5g network quality satisfaction assessment industry was the first, and the STC industry was the second most effective recourse rate. At the end of June 2021, the company had 31,046,000 mobile account users, and the grid was wide.
Action, with a reform mission completion rate of more than 70%. As the operator ' s overall performance continues to improve, as one of the three smaller communications operators, the corporate update report-q3 performance, the company is expected to usher in a new era of rapid growth.
• Catalysts: 5g+ application for development results; digital transformation effect demonstrated.