Quarterly review 2025: sustained and increased investment in R & D, bl-b01d1 launched the first overseas registered clinic 1 income and profit fell significantly, mainly because of 24 years of q1 confirming bms.
Income from intellectual property rights authorizations and related payments were received, and no intellectual property rights authorizations and related cash inflows were recorded during the reporting period, resulting in a significant decline in financial indicators such as operating income and net cash flows from operating activities.
▪ The core product bl-b01d1 (egfrxher3 double resistanceadc) is even more advanced in the country: as of April 25, bl-b01d1 had conducted more than 40 clinical studies, including 8 single drug after-line therapy iii period of registered clinical coverage for non-small cell lung cancer, small
Cell lung cancer, breast cancer, urinary tract skin cancer, dietary cancer, nasal cancer adaptive; treatment of first-line egfr mutation non-small cell lung cancer with the United Osituney has entered the clinical trial stage of iii and completed the first test case; eight combined with pd1
First-line treatment ii clinical, etc... The 2025 Asco conference, bl-b01d1 is expected to further develop clinical data, including non-small cell lung cancer, small cell lung cancer and ovarian cancer; back-line nasal and esophagus cancers are expected to read ii mid-points in 25 years.
Analysis of the data and submission of the request for listing at the end of 25 or 26 years; in addition, multiple iii periods. Clinics are expected to complete patient integration and open new iii and iii for 1l patients.
Standard therapy for first-line treatment and the next super-pound drug.
bl-b01d1 first registered clinical initiation overseas: on April 15, 25, 25, bms activated bl-b01d1 first-line treatment for head chemotherapy not applicable to pd-(l) 1 (nct06926868), the company started the sea for the first time under a cooperation agreement with bms
After the clinical phase on the outer line iii, a milestone payment of $250 million will be made. At the same time, bl-b01d1 single drugs overseas and two early basket studies and bms of the joint osituney/pd-1 are well under way, with the prospect of launching more entity cancer registration clinics overseas in 2025.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: the company's heavy-pound product, bl-b01d1, has advanced successfully, has gone to sea value, and we believe that Paley's growing potential is high, and that the “buy-in” rating is maintained.
The three major financial forecasting tables of Bae Tianzheng, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, are eligible for portfolio investment advisory services.