On June 6, 2017, an artificial intelligence product was launched under the theme "Teach the Future Employable Finance".
During the conference, Hensen Electronic officially released four major ai products covering four main areas: intelligence information, intellectual investment, intellectual investment, and intellectual customer service, exploring the use of ai in the financial field, enabling financial institutions to open a human product series covering key areas of financial business, and covering a comprehensive layout.
Investment, investment and customer service, designed to combine core front-and-end functions of capital markets, with an overall increase in efficiency and cost reduction in key areas supported by ani-energy technology: a back-office base based on the convergence of market-rich and diverse information, which can be based on user drawings and provide individual users with the opportunity to dig.
In addition, it helps institutional investors to manage and rebalance multi-investment targets on a regular basis and to provide professional stewardship in model optimization, investment strategy and dynamic management.
With a combination of speech recognition, semantic extraction and knowledge base, the efficiency of client services is being improved efficiently, and transport costs are being consistently reduced through the accumulation of models to optimize services. Full penetration in four major areas will have far-reaching implications for existing capital markets that are not sufficiently permeable.
By virtue of its absolute dominance in the area of financialit, a rapid impact is expected in the deployment of intelligent products. The gap in intelligent core algorithms is limited to one generation, and while there are differences in practice and optimization of capabilities, the core issue still points to the availability of sufficient and diversified data.
So, in the long run, leading smart companies must be first and foremost companies with a strong data source, and there is a tendency to concentrate towards big players. Financial services have a higher threshold, with a low degree of substitution penetration, once they take advantage.
Status, scale effect, not only in economic terms, but also in data intelligence applications. He's a very strong leader in the share of clients at the end of the line, including banks, securities, funds and futures.
The financial sector has a low threshold of intelligence and a wide range of applications, which in the long run will have far-reaching implications. As a sector that matches risks and benefits, adjusts capital supply and demand through pricing, from a computer perspective.
But by contrast, there is a large amount of manual intervention, both in terms of access to and entry of information, personal investment advice, professional institutional management and customer service, and even after cost considerations, various links introduce avoidable biases.
In the financial sector, there is still much scope for upgrading, and large-data-based artificial intelligence technologies are being introduced at a time when the marginal benefits of entry continue to rise dramatically, while the marginal costs of introducing them can be ignored. Accommodative benefits are bound to generate positive feedback on scale, driving the financial sector to become more intelligent.
In the long run, the space is wide and will lead to profound changes in the business model. “Alternative Electronics: The Industry’s Leader is strong and will benefit in the long term from “The Permanent Electronics Report: The Impediments of Innovation have affected the overall growth rate.”
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations Computers: Computer applications Wu Yu Wen*