The company is part of the first class of domestic bond dealers, crossing the entire process of capital market development in China.
The firm’s capital strength and profitability are consistently ahead of the country’s securities industry, its business system is comprehensive and balanced, and its main business is firmly at the forefront of the industry. The firm’s capital is strong and its net capital is at the top of the market.
Since the company’s predecessor, the Thai and Junan securities, began their business in 1992, they have established a good market reputation and influence. The company’s investment portfolio is in the forefront of the industry’s double stock, stock, and debt underwriting.
□ personal finance: the ability of integrated services, the ability of companies to service and the share of the market are always at the forefront of the industry. Stock-based market rankings are basically in line.
Two-fold markets account for the third largest number of marketers in a high-rate industry, comparable to the company’s overall strength. Relying on the ability to tap into the company’s large brokerage stock, it is expected to maintain a high level of business penetration.
□ Investment management: further upgrading of proactive management capacity
The company, which is in the first class of coupons, has received aa rating for 10 years in a row, which will facilitate the development of its innovative business; once a+h shares are on the market, the net capital of the company will be in the top of the list, and it is expected to increase the company’s profits.
The first-line securities firm with a country’s capital background is a long-term, sustained, full-fledged and leading financial service provider, one of the oldest and most powerful securities firms in the country.
A share is on the market, and the Hong Kong stock is on the market in 2017. While working to achieve high-quality growth and take a lead in size, the company's controlling shareholder was Shanghai International Group Ltd. As of the third quarter of 2017, the international group held 7.83% of the shares directly and 21.82% of the shares through its wholly-owned subsidiary Shanghai State Asset Management Ltd.
At the same time, the State capital company holds an additional 152 million shares (h) in the name of the Hong Kong Central Clearing House, which belongs to the First Group of Domestic Bonders, and which spans the entire course and weeks of capital market development in China. In the decade 2007-2016, the country’s revenue from its operations was the top three branches of the industry.
The capital strength and profitability of the division is consistently ahead of the domestic securities industry, with a well-balanced business system and a strong lead business. In mid-2007, the amount of corporate securities underwriting, net revenue from agency trading of securities, net revenue from sales of financial products, fiduciary funds for asset management and monthly active asset management, respectively, were in place.
In 2017, the net capital of the company was $96.6 billion, surpassing the Sino-Portable securities, and ranked first among the listed securities.
The Ministry of Securities Businesses is the front line of operations, with a steady increase in the total volume. The company has achieved full coverage in the 31 provinces and municipalities of the country, with 31 branches, 381 stock offices and 17 futures offices, with the Ministry of Industry second only to 427 in the Milky Way.
The net capital of the country's marketers, the net capital of Taijun, the number of domestic businesses.
The company has entered the international market through the wholly-owned NTI and its subsidiaries in Hong Kong, through brokering, business finance, asset management, etc., and through the fully-owned NTAC in asset management.
In addition, companies hold 51% of Shanghai securities, which further enriches the framework for grouping operations.
2 Business studies: balanced development, seeking transformation. Companies are driven by customer demand, dividing their business systems into four main templates for institutional finance, personal finance, investment management, and international operations.
The company has built an international business platform around the country’s financial holdings, conducted its business in Hong Kong through the country’s financial holdings, and has made business assignments in the United States and Singapore, among other places.
Institutional finance: the two-wheel-drive of equity debt, the company ' s predecessor, the Thai and Jun-Ann securities, since they started operating in 1992, has built a good market reputation and influence, thanks to strong investment experience and good professional service capabilities.
In 2014-2016, companies ranked 5th, 3rd, and 4th in terms of income from their investment banking operations, of which ipo was ranked 6th, 17th, and 7th, and bonds were ranked 5th, 3rd, and 2nd. Companies actively optimize business structures, increase their development of ipo projects, and protect against bond default risk.
Year after year, with the regularization of ipo issues, it is expected that the project reserve will be converted into revenue in the near future, step by step, to strengthen the strong position of the company’s operations. In the area of institutional investor services, major brokers optimize multi-level pb trading systems, stock counts, etc.
The number and size of its clients increased steadily. The number of clients reached 25095, an increase of 7.66% compared to the end of 2016; the Cemetery Trust Fund, 37.7 billion yuan, ranked first in the industry. Research operations consolidated research resources within and outside the country and built up research brands on the international market.
Research Institute No. 1, 17 research teams in 2017, 5 of which were awarded personal finance: strong integrated services companies are one of the country's largest marketing networks and one of the largest clients of securities brokerage services.
Companies have accelerated the creation of new light points, in many ways contributing to the growth of new customers. 2017h personal financial accounts.
In the area of Internet finance, companies have consolidated and continued to improve the city of Junchum, Fu-Yi, and Kang Hong Kong Financial Business.
Khunhup builds mobile integrated financial services terminals based on the concept of “technology leading”; is easy to upgrade the level of professional investment services; is an intellectually sound financial platform in the city of finance; is a micro-finance-based platform that provides easy access to integrated financial services, Internet finance °2o
Figure 20 Hong Kong Financial Business City Financing Bonds: Expecting to maintain stability, business mixes have been transformed from innovative business to business as usual, with business contributions increasing from year to year, with the first half of the year in the market.
The share of revenue is 13.77%. In terms of market concentration, similar to that of brokerage, the top 10 coupons occupy half of the market.
The third largest marketer in the industry is comparable to the overall strength of the company. We believe that it is possible to maintain a high level of two-fold business penetration, relying on the ability to tap into the company’s vast inventory of brokers.
In recent years, the regulatory level has been working on compressing the bond market, actively directing bond dealers to strengthen their proactive management operations. “8” and “8” bottom lines have been issued, and access has been upgraded under a new regulation with net capital at its core.
The company will further upgrade its proactive management capacity to the core of its work, improve its full product line, life-cycle and value-chain business systems, and build industry-led asset management institutions that are fully capable of doing business.
In the first half of 2017, the size of corporate asset management was $896.5 billion, an increase of 5.92 per cent from the end of the previous year, the size and proportion of corporate ownership, and the company made 51 per cent of the United States Security Fund public in order to optimize the configuration of asset management operations.
International operations: active promotion of offshore operations. Corporate brokering, business finance, asset management, loans and other activities in Hong Kong, mainly through the National Thai Crown International.
In the first half of 2017, the country seized market opportunities and enhanced its capacity for integrated financial services, and businesses.
The cost of brokering and corporate financing and commission revenues have increased significantly, at 37% and 181%, respectively. Corporate capital is strong, combined, and many businesses are in the forefront of the industry.
Development, full-scale flowering, and a gradual increase in international business over risk resistance. The ipo project reserve is relatively rich, and it is expected to further strengthen the strong position of investment operations; personal financial services are strong, with commission rates higher than industry averages; and management is strong, with relatively high levels of proactive management, which is expected to reduce the negative impact of the new regulations.
From a business perspective, the risks of the traditional business plates of coupons are largely cleared, while the possibilities of overcarriage are reduced when innovation inhibits small- and medium-sized coupons, and future large coupons are expected to increase market ownership in a step-by-step manner based on strong capital and combined business power, with a gradual increase in the concentration of industry markets.
The company, which is in the first class of coupons, has received aa rating for 10 years in a row, and has recently been eligible for a cross-border pilot; the net capital of the company is on the market when a+h shares are on the market.
In terms of valuation, the company's pb is at the bottom level at 1.6 times higher. The company is given an “enhanced” rating.
This is defined as follows: No rating, because the necessary information is not available, or because the company faces significant uncertainties about the outcome, or for other reasons, no clear investment rating is given. The market benchmark index is 300.
The information and comments in this report are provided for information purposes only. The information and comments in the report are provided for information purposes.
A person who has not been, is not, will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.