In 2019, the company achieved gross operating income of $152.8 billion, an increase of 10.55 per cent over the previous year; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was $1,195 million.
The net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies is $272 million, a significant increase of 47.67 per cent. In addition, the Department intends to find a gold dividend of $1 (including taxes) per 10 shares for all shareholders.
The data from the National Statistical Office show that in 2019, the total output of the country ' s tires was 84.262 million, an increase of 1.9 per cent over the same period, thus maintaining a rapid increase in the volume of production and sales and a steady increase in the profitability of the country ' s tyre industry as a whole.
The supply side reform is not yet over, and the tyre head business is expected to change significantly: across the global market, the first trinity of the tyre industry in the long term, with the combined market share of the world's tyre industry, with the spread of supply-side reforms, is 38.6 per cent.
Small- and medium-scale production is gradually clear, and the domestic market is in the process of concentrating on the head of the tyre business, which is expected to grow from a strong to a more competitive world. The strong profitability of Viet Nam’s productive capacity is a central growth point in corporate profits: Vietnamese production is effective.
Avoiding trade barriers and enjoying a preferential policy of reducing corporate income tax rates by half, strong profitability and competitive advantages were highlighted, with Vietnam's subsidiaries contributing 77% and 80% of the company's net return profits, respectively.
The forecast for continued high growth and the growth of the company was officially launched in November 2019, and the level of profitability of the company as the capacity is phased out is in the fast track 2020-01-15.
China’s one-breathing, Replenishment subsidiary Saichape 8x, 7x, and 5x, respectively. As industry concentration increases and corporate output increases, future profitability is expected to continue to increase, maintaining a “growth” rating of companies.
Downward transmission: High stock pledge rates for large shareholders are at risk of quelling the pledge stock. Dong Wu Securities Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a securities investment advisory committee