There has been a steady increase in sales of three major lines of business, with priority projects moving forward successfully \triangleright and several priority projects moving forward successfully in the first half of the year.
\triangleright Production and Marketing of Fine Chemicals and New Materials has continued to grow steadily. Of this, the PUR series has sold 1.38 million tons, an increase of 13.08% over the same period, the Ring ratio has increased by 5.34%, and the petrochemical series has been sold.
Liu Haiyong has been raised to 800,000 tonnes/year, the integrated competitiveness of the park has been further enhanced, and the Ningbo 180,000 tonnes/year Hdi industrial chain has been improved.
In the first half of Punlai Industrial Park, pdh, Fimong Pochp, eo, polyether, eod, etc., are already in the pipeline-test-pressure cable-laying phase.
The construction of two major petrochemical projects is in the rush phase, with high levels of external cooperation and investment. 2024 \triangleright will continue to upgrade security management through a number of intellectual means, and will continue to promote ethylene II.
1. Mandarin Chemical (600309.sh) In-depth report: Good year, Punley's first phase of construction, both of which are large-scale projects that companies have invested in in recent years. This year, Gyeong-goon will be remembered as being the orange orange green hour of 2024/05/23.
The Division also reported in 2023 that the Abu Dhabi National Oil Company (adnoc), the Nordic Chemical Industry (Borealis), Boro Chemical, 2.0 watts of chemistry (600309.sh) had increased sales and profits, and that a new round of growth was pending - 2024.
In April 2024, the company acquired 15.20% of Anada's shares and a fast-track assessment of the performance of 30,000 watts of chemistry (600309.sh).
The returns are expected to continue to increase - the six-month cash share is $1.6 billion, and the shareholder returns plan is implemented.
2024/02/05 4.4 Million Chinese Chemical (600309.sh) Acquisition of Bronze Group Review: A Second Growth Curve for Battery Operations - 20
The remaining undistributed profits of $50.311 billion. According to the plan for shareholder returns for the next three years (2024-2026), which was considered and adopted by the company’s General Shareholders’ Meeting on 8 April, the company will maintain a cash share of the profits for the next three years, with the annual distribution of the profits in cash no less than 30% of the distributed profits of the year.
Quarterly net profit growth of 28 per cent over the same period and steady turnover of individual sections Investment proposal: The company is the leader in the domestic chemical industry and has established a strong competitive advantage through continuous technological innovation and industry chain layout in the areas of polyurethane, petrochemicals, fine chemicals, new materials, etc.
\triangleright progresses less than expected; 4) risk of exchange rate fluctuations; methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.