The second quarter saw a slight drop in profit and ring, and the new project made steady progress in the second quarter of 2024.
Slip, at a rate of 5% for the period. The second quarter raises the ring ratio, with net profit from the mother, Māori, net PUR block collection and sales increasing by the same proportion. The company PUR camp completed its technical expansion in the second quarter of 2024, expanding its capacity from 400,000 to 800,000 tons per year.
52 weeks of maximum/minimum prices, better markets, which support the condensed mdi. Global polyurethane demand continued to grow in the first half of the year, especially in refrigerator freezers, cars, etc., improved investment needs in the construction industry overseas, partly overseas.
The price of pure benzene at the end of the cost has continued to be high, triggering an increase in the price of polyurethane products. The price of the product has risen and declined as a result of the increase in the sales of petroplate rings. In the first quarter of 2024, the company petrochemical plates, pdh, pochp, eo, polyether, eod, storage, etc.
The petrochemical industry has been able to recover slightly, but overall profits are still relatively low, owing to international oil price fluctuations and weak demand downstream.
The sales of fine chemicals and new material plates increased by the same ring ratio, and the collection was stable. In February 2024, the company collected $6.87 billion in fine chemicals and new material plates, with output/distribution of 10/92 million tons, and increased by the same ring ratio.
The package was further refined; an annual production of 200,000 tonnes of poe project has been put into production, with lemon formaldehyde, fragrance, and the industrialization of new and emerging operations such as ecstasy (600309.sh)-building of special polyolefins, ethane feedstock security, spices, etc.
In the first half of 2024, the prices of the company ' s main raw materials were affected by fluctuations in crude oil prices and changes in domestic and foreign supply and demand relations.
With the increase in domestic coal production and imports of imported coal, the All-China Chemical (600309.sh) - Multi-Project has been successfully advanced, with polyurethane headlines held.
The supply and demand structure of national coal has shifted from the previous state of tension to easing, and the price focus has continued to decline. Propane, " Mandarin chemistry" (600309.sh) -- quarterly revenue and net profit co-ops have been raised, polyamine butane prices have been slightly shaken and overall stable.
Investment proposal: The company, as the leader of the polyurethane industry, has a solid profit guarantee, but the downstream demand for polyurethane is slightly less than expected due to adverse factors such as the need for real estate and continued weakness, with the cost of compounding upswings, and the parent net profit ratio is declining in the second quarter of 2024.
Figure 2: MSQ net profit (millions of yuan) Figure 4: MSQ sales, management, R & D, financial cost rates Figure 3: MSQ MW, net interest rate
The company’s main product, polyurethane production, has increased by the same ring, as the Fujimdi device has been technologically expanded, the tdi device has increased its capacity to produce effectively, and the smoke station polyethers have become operational. Driven by the increase in demand for downstream freezers and home refrigerators, the company’s main product has been a polymer mdi view in the second quarter.
The average market price was 17086/18920/14954 per ton, a decline of +11 per cent/+0.1 per cent/-18 per cent per year. In June 2024, as a result of the light season, the country experienced a 2.4 per cent decline in the production of freezers, a 0.1 per cent increase in the production of domestic refrigerators, and a 22 per cent increase in the number of refrigerators exported.
Aggregation of polymer mdi. Global polyurethane demand continued to grow in the first half of the year, particularly in the refrigerator freezers, automobiles, etc., higher investment needs in the overseas construction industry, fluctuations in supply in some offshore installations, and persistently high prices of cost-end pure benzene, which combined have affected the rise in the prices of polyurethane products.
Figure 5: Polymermdi price-to-price differential (M/T) Figure 6: Pure mdi price-to-price differential (M/T) Figure 7: Tdi price-to-price differential (M/T)
Figure 8: Revenue from the operations of the Huanhua chemical section (millions of yuan) Figure 9: Production of refrigerators and freezers in China in the same month (%) Figure 10: Export of refrigerators in China in the same month (%)
Billion yuan (174.4% of the same year, Ring + 13.8%), 1.38 million tonnes (+29.0% of the same year, Ring + 0.7%) were sold at 1.41 million tonnes (Run + 5.2%). The 900,000 tonnes/year pdh device and the 1.2 million tonnes/year ethylene device at the smoke station were under construction. The first half of the year, the 10,000-Hong Kong Industrial Park pdh, pochp, eo, polyether, eod, storage, etc.
Phase one has entered the pipeline test pressure and cable-laying phase, which is scheduled to run in mid-course. The petrochemical sector, although recovering slightly, has remained relatively low overall profit, influenced by fluctuations in the price of interstate crude oil and weak demand downstream in the first half of the year. The company will continue to optimize the product structure, optimize resource allocation, and mitigate the price mismatch between supply and demand.
The sales of fine chemicals and new material plates increased by the same ring ratio, and the collection was more stable. In the second quarter of 2024, the company collected $6.87 billion in fine chemicals and new material plates (+16.0 per cent, ring +12.6 per cent), yield/distribution in emerging market operations, sales increased; and with the introduction of the biphenola project, the entire chemical pc industrial chain was further completed.
Well, the market share and profitability have been raised; the company's first annual production of 200,000 tons of poe has been put into production, and the industrialization of new business such as lemon ellipses, spices, etc. The price of pure benzene, which is the main raw material, has risen in the same proportion, while the price of coal and propane has fallen in the same way.
The price of raw materials is affected by fluctuations in crude oil prices and changes in domestic and foreign supply and demand relations, and the price of pure benzene is running at a high rate of $8,652 per ton in the first half of 2024, compared to +24.35 per cent in the same year. As domestic coal production and imports of imported coal increase, the country ' s coal supply and demand structure has shifted from a previous state of tension to an easing, with price focus declining steadily in 2024.
Half-yearly, the average price of 5,000 kcal powered coal silos is 777/ton, corresponding to 13.28%. The price of propane and butane is slightly shaken, and the investment proposal is that the company, as the leader of the polyurethane industry, has a solid profit guarantee, but due to adverse factors such as the continued weakness of the property demand, the downstream demand for polyurethane is slightly less than expected, and the cost of stacking up is rising.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject