On September 18th, the US Federal Reserve announced local time that it would be a federal base.
In addition, the Federal Reserve forecast that at the end of this year, interest rates for the United States Federal Fund will be expected to fall to 2.9 per cent per year.
Aggregation mdi is used overseas mainly to keep buildings warm, reduce interest rates, or benefit United States property market demand. The company ' s \triangleright core product, polymer mdi, is used mainly in refrigerator freezer, building temperature, etc., with a focus on overseas.
For building temperature preservation. For example, in North America, the key polyurethane supplier, Huntsman, accounted for 44% of the revenue from the polyurethane sector in 2023 from the demand in the relevant field, of which the more important form of use was Liu Haiyong.
The overseas real estate market was one of the most direct and direct areas of demand for mdi. Previously, US market interest rates were historically high, and excessive mortgage rates were evident for new housing demand.
At the same time, it is difficult for residents who already own property to accept high interest rates for housing replacement. After the Fed’s reduction, the downward trend in interest rates on mortgages confirms that the North American real-estate market will release the US, which was previously under pressure, as China’s largest export destination for mdi, and the company as the leading exporter.
According to \triangleright, in 2023, the company's province exported approximately 2169 tons of polymer mdi to the United States, accounting for the Department's 10,000-watt chemical (600309.sh) semi-annual 2024 reporting point.
25.17 per cent of exports (the same) and 1,007 million tons of exports to Russia, or 11.68 per cent, were assessed as a steady increase in the three major lines of business sales and the success of the priority projects
Xingjun remembers that the year 2023 of Orange Orange Green Time - 2024/05/233 million chemistry (600309.sh) - the United States has been the largest export destination for the company's mdi, accounting for the share of the company's provinces.
Both sales and profits have increased, with a new round of growth earning about 17 million tons, with China accounting for 76.06%. If the demand for United States property recovers, it will be a direct benefit.
The two-fold rise in revenue and profits, and the shareholder returns are expected to continue to increase - the company’s mdi exports.
Investment proposals: The company is the leader in the domestic chemical industry and has established a strong competitive advantage in the areas of polyurethane, petrochemicals, fine chemicals, new materials for battery material operations, and the drawing of second-growth curves and 20 materials through continuous technological innovation and industry chain layout.
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.