Performance in the second quarter is as expected, and new production is growing at a sustained rate of investment: buy-in (maintenance) on the night of August 12, 2024, release of the first half of 2024, company 2024h1
RMB 97,067 million, an increase of 10.77 per cent in the same year, a net profit of RMB 8,174 million for the mother, an improvement in the collection ratio relative to the increase in the sale of the main products of the same year, and a decrease in the price differential for polyurethane plates of 2024q2 polyurethane/polymer/new materials, respectively, of 138.141/48 million tons, respectively.
The average price of pure mdi/tdi/foam polyether/pessel/genuine (q5,000), propane (cp) is increasing steadily, and we assume that the price of pure mdi in polyurethane plates is falling short and the price of tdi pure benzene is adding to the forecast of interest reduction in the United States by replacing the old policy, and the demand of mdi is expected to improve in the future.
In the long run, the Council of State has officially issued a programme of action to promote large-scale equipment upgrades and the replacement of consumer goods with old ones.
Consumption demand. On the overseas side, from 2022 onwards, the offshore economy began to grow at a slow pace, with relatively weak demand and pressure on the prices of polymer mdi exports, but the volume of mdi exports remained high, reaching 1,043 million tons in 2023, and pure mdi exports.
Interest rates, interest rates on mortgages are falling, US property is expected to rebound, and we expect the overseas demand, represented by the US, to be repaired gradually. Polyurethane+new materials can be phased in and grow in the future.
The company's orderly promotion of the construction and production of new installations in Ningbo, Fujimdi and Fujiantdi, as well as the acquisition of smoke stations, the future mdi and tdi supply pattern is expected to continue well, the polyurethane domain has a clear advantage in terms of capacity plus cost, the replacement of domestic consumer goods and future American decline.
It is expected that new applications such as ellipse-free boards, cold-chain cold banks, and energy-saving tray doors and windows will be promoted, and that the future depth of the mdi-10,000-watt chemical series II: full decoupling is expected to increase steadily. ethylene II and Punley are also expected to move towards the end of 2024.
Step-by-step, Ethylene II + Ethylene Ethylene Ethylene Ethylene Ethylene Ethylene Ethylene Ethylene Ethylene Ethylene Ethylene II + Ethylene Ethylene Ethylene Ethylene Ethylene Ethylene Ethylene
The production is expected to start in the third quarter of 2024, when the chain of lemon formaldehyde, vitamins, and spices will improve at 3.04, where the new production will be located. The company’s three-dimensional layout, with multiple projects, will continue its performance in the future.
(a) Mandarin chemistry is a well-known global polyurethane industry, with new material projects such as new energy sources, fragrances, poe, semi-carriers accelerating, with the prospect of sustained high capital investment in the future, and with (1) project construction progressing at a slower pace than expected;
(2) The project approval process is not as fast as expected; (3) The risk of significant price fluctuations in raw materials: The use of legally compliant information to produce the present report independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are based on open information from the market, to which I refer
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.