One stage of the Poe device was successful in driving, the process of national production accelerated, and the company's research and evaluation was quick, and the basic chemical and chemical products were fast-tracked.
Investment rating: superior to Grand City (maintenance) Event: one-time success of the Humhua Chemical Phase 200,000 tonnes/year polyolefin elastomer (poe) project. On June 29, 2024, the Humhua Chemical and New Materials Department Phase 200,000 tonnes/year Poe project achieved full process continuity and produced qualified products on that day, marking China’s first major rule.
The model ' s self-researched Poe industrialization device has been a one-time, high-quality vehicle success. 1) The country ' s technical barriers are high, and in the past we used to rely mainly on imports. This time, the country ' s first self-researched Poe set of devices has meant a breakthrough in the country ' s poe autonomy. 2) The poe downstream is mainly in the photovoltaic and automobile industries, and global demand is expected to recover in 2023-2029.
3. A number of domestic enterprises are planning and building Poe projects, which are expected to move towards national production and lower imports in the coming years
Current Status of Elastomer Production and Prospects for Development shows that Poe’s largest consumer area is the photovoltaic industry, which accounts for about 45% of total consumption, which benefits mainly from the excellent properties of Poe as a solar cell envelope, such as good mechanics, ultraviolet-resistant light. This is followed by the automobile industry, where consumption is about 38%, where Poe is used mainly for components such as bumpers, mud barriers, steering wheels, etc., to provide materials to enhance resilience.
In addition, cable cables and blowing materials are important applications for poe, which together account for about 10% of the total consumption, with poe using cable suit and blowing products, showing their high-temperature and softness. The remaining 7% of consumption is distributed among packaging membranes, medical treatment, thermal melting qyresearch, estimated to be about 11% of the combined growth in global poe demand in 2023-2029. qyresearch reports.
It is noted that the global market for polyolefin elastomers (poe) reached approximately 22.5 billion yuan in 2022 and is projected to grow to 42.5 billion yuan by 2029, and that the annual compound growth rate (cagr) is expected to be 11.3 per cent between 2023 and 2029, of which the country may have experienced a higher rate of cost increase. According to our Poe Industry Development Status and Applied Prospects Outlook, the global consumption of poe in 2021 was about 1.36 million.
The world’s top five companies account for about 96% of the market share, with high market concentration. The world’s major polyolefin elastomers (poe) producers include pottery chemistry, tri-well chemistry, lig chemistry, sabicsknellienecompany (ssnc), Exxon fertiliser and Nordic chemicals. Poe imports are mainly from the engage series of pottery chemistry, the tamfer series of tri-well chemistry, and thefortify of sabic.
The high barriers have led to high import dependence and accelerated national production. On technology, there are high barriers to Poe production, particularly in Maujin.
As regards raw materials, high-carbon alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons (especially 1-octylene), which are the key raw materials for the production of poe, have limited supply capacity in this area and are now largely dependent on imports. Several domestic enterprises are planning and building Poe production projects, and it is expected that national production will be gradually reduced in the coming years.
Poe projects currently planned and built in the country amounting to about 2.5 million tons, and the installation of the first large-scale self-researched Poe device in the country for the successful driving of wanhua chemistry means a breakthrough in the country’s poe autonomy. Poe prices are still high. Since 2018, the price of poe has gone from the price of light voltage machines to the cost of raw materials because of the strong growth in demand and the rise in the cost of raw materials.
About 15,000 yuan per ton rises to over 20,000 yuan per ton in 2021. Poe prices are currently at a relatively high level of over 20,000 yuan per ton. The conglomerates of the main camp produce are warming. National ice freezers and domestic refrigerators continue to grow at a similar rate, declining by 4 per cent and 5 per cent, respectively, in the light season; and the number of refrigerators exported continues to grow.
The same ratio is 15%. Markets such as lower refrigerator freezer yields, exports, etc., are better, supporting the warming of the polymer mdi climate. Figure 2: price-to-price differential for polymer mdi ($/t) Figure 3: price-to-price differential for pure mdi ($/t)
Figure 4: price-to-price differential ($/ton) Figure 5: Year-on-month ratio of production of refrigerators and freezers in China (%) Figure 6: Year-on-month ratio of exports of refrigerators from China (%)
Some 8% of the domestic and foreign 10,56 million mdi units, about 55% of the capacity is in a low-performing state, and the supply end is experiencing short-term contractions. The company, as the leader of the polyurethane industry, has a solid profit guarantee, while the new project is steadily moving forward.
The project was not as productive as expected: the price of raw materials rose: downstream demand fell short of expectations; the author assured that the data used in the report were from compliance channels; the logic of analysis was based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, was independent, objective, impartial and not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence; and the author had not studied it in the past, now or in the future.