Improved supply of and demand for polyurethane, new production of new projects opening up the space for growth — the Mandarin Chemical (600309.sh) incident assessment report, combined supply and demand, and the cost of polyurethane products rising at a lower price.
It is expected to boost corporate performance by 2024h1, sustained domestic growth policies, consumer goods such as downstream automobile appliances, sustained market growth, good demand for polyurethane products, combined with suppliers at the end of the supply chain.
The prices of products such as the controlled pull mdi have increased, and the product product product of the consignment company PUR has grown steadily. Production of PUR 1 product series by 2024h1 is scheduled to be shut down, overall supply has been reduced, and aggregate mdi prices are expected to increase.
Keep moving up and push the company to further increase the prices of polyurethane products. The cost pressures from higher prices of pure benzene during the year have eased in the near future, and the price of pure benzene is now falling rapidly, with a monthly average price of $847 per ton, down from a six-month high.
Performance will continue to grow over the year, driving companies to perform long-term, performance growth, enhanced implementation of shareholder returns, 2024 - Improved profitability of petrochemical plates and increased sales of fine chemicals
Continued release, polyurethane taps retraced 2023-12-27 influenced by higher international crude oil prices and limited downstream demand in the first half of the year, corporate petrochemical
Despite a slight recovery, the overall profit level is still relatively low. 2024h1 company petrochemicals produce 2.7 million tons, an increase of 23.1 per cent over the same year and a decline in sales volume, but sales revenue grew 9.5 per cent over the same year, and the profitability of companies improved at first sight.
The market share of new products, such as adi, pc and others, has increased significantly. 2024h1 produces 1 million tons of fine chemicals and new materials, an increase of 26.6 per cent, and sales of 920,000 tons, an increase of the same year.
The company continued to promote the expansion of polyurethane block capacity, completed the technology extension of mdi projects in the first half of 2024, and improved the production capacity of Fujian mdi from 400,000 tonnes/year.
In the second half of the year, the company will continue to upgrade its safe production management and ensure the steady production of devices.
In the new material plate, the company will focus on the construction of a car driver for lemon formaldehyde and nutrient devices, and new businesses such as fragrances are also in the process of being industrialized.
Market shares of products and industrialized new products reinforce corporate profitability, rich corporate product lines, opening up new opportunities for growth. Economic downside risks; risk of high volatility in product prices; project build-up less than expected
Risks; exposure to environmental policy restrictions; downstream demand less than expected Corporate profitability projections (millions of dollars)
Zhang Weibao: M.A. in Chemical Industries, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, 3 years of experience in research by sellers, 10 years of experience in research by buyers, good at judging industry and corporate trends through supply-demand relationships and changes in competition, and committed to recommending high-quality companies with long-term competitiveness.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for agreement transfer targets) or a three-board market index (for market transfer targets); the Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.