The Sini Mountain Signals Convergence of Mandarin Chemical (600309.sh) Polyurethane (PUR)
The bottom profit is further strong, and poe and ethane fission will lead to new amounts. On August 13, 2024, global polyurethane demand continued to grow in the first half of the year, with petrochemical profits at low levels of ice.
Market demand for cold, automobiles, etc. has continued to grow, investment needs in the construction industry have improved abroad, some offshore installations have been installed Market data: 13 August 2024, with fluctuations in supply and persistently high prices of pure benzene, which have had an upward effect on the prices of polyurethane products.
The international crude oil market price volatility and inadequate downstream demand in the petrochemical sector are influenced by a combination of factors, with the petrochemical sector having the highest/lowest in the year: there has been a slight recovery, but the overall level of profits in the industry remains relatively low.
Polyurethane, new material sales have increased by the same year, and the operations of fine chemicals and new materials have performed well. Market value (billions): The price of pure benzene has continued to be high and the cost has increased slightly over time.
Coal power q5500 at an average price of $857.64/t, ring ratio - 6.19%, propane 5196.74/t, ring continuous optimization of product structure, differential product development progresses steadily.
The production of 180,000 tonnes of HSD was successfully put into production, and the hdi chain was better equipped and more competitive. The mdi production was raised from 400,000 tonnes/year to 800,000 tonnes/year. With the introduction of the company ' s biphenola project, the pc industry chain was better equipped and the market share and profitability increased further; the company produced an annual product.
Xing Junjie's 200,000-ton poe project has been put into production, and new businesses like lemon ellipses, spices, etc. The company has entered into agreements with adnoc, etc. ethane fission will lead to additional amounts.
New materials were signed in Beijing with Abu Dhabi National Oil Company (adnoc), Nordic Chemical (Borealis), Borouge.
At the core of the activity. The extensive experience of Boloc chemistry in the production of special polyolefins (a variety of feedstock routes, including ethane), together with the advantages of HDW in the ethane supply chain (including the costs of ethane feedstocks, code head resources, vlec, production processes, etc.) constitute an excellent joint venture based on ethane feedstocks.
\triangleright’s macroeconomic repairs have fallen short of expectations, product prices have fallen and raw materials prices have risen.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.