Construction of special polyolefins project, ethylene feedstocks for economics, research by company, rapid evaluation by company, basic chemicals, chemical products.
Investment rating: superior to the city (maintenance) Events: On 23 July 2024, Vanhua Chemistry, Melting New Materials and Abu Dhabi National Oil Company (adnoc), Nordic Chemical (Borealis), Boro Chemistry (borouche) organized the signing ceremony of the Project Cooperation Agreement in Beijing.
The project has led to a process of substitution for national production of special polyolefins by starting up a feasibility study for the construction of a special 1.6 million tonnes/year polyolefin integration facility in Fuzhou, Fujian province.
Further, 2) The project combines expertise based on ethane raw materials with an excellent economic basis, 3) transport vessel (vlec) transport capacity requirements for ethylene and ethylene ethylene ethylene purchases, 4) the company has a solid profit guarantee as the sole leader of the polyurethane industry, while the new project is steadily moving forward
On July 23, 2024, the project cooperation agreement was signed in Beijing with the Abu Dhabi National Oil Company (adnoc), the Nordic Chemical Company (Borealis), and Borouge. Adnoc, Borealis, Borouche formed a consortium of investments with the Banque material which, subject to approval in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations, is intended to form 50% of the share-holding ratio of 50% of the share-holding joint venture between China and foreign companies.
Launch of a feasibility study for the construction of a special polyolefin integration facility with a capacity of 1.6 million tonnes/year in Fuzhou, Fujian Province, which will benefit mainly from the best bostar technology of the Nordic Chemical (Borealis) Special polyolefins are a group of polyolefin products with high technology content, high application performance and high market value, usually used in high-end applications such as:
These products include, but are not limited to, metallic polyethylene (mpe), metallic polypropylene (mpp), polyvinyl hydrocarbons (poe), ethylene acetylene condensate (eva), ethylene-ethylene ethylene condensate (evah), polybutane-1 (pb-1), ultra-high molecular polyethylene (uhmwpe) and so on.
The industry barriers are high, dependent on imports. The special polyolefins (or high-end polyolefins) industry is growing rapidly and the market size is growing year by year, but due to high technical barriers, some of the core key technologies have long been monopolized by foreign firms, resulting in slow growth and need for high-end polyolefins in the country.
Tens of tons, 16% more than the same year; demand, 1397 million more than the same year, 12% more. However, with domestic firms increasing their research and development of technology and innovation, the national production capacity of high-end polyolefins is gradually increasing.
The Abu Dhabi National Oil Company (adnoc) is a leading diverse energy and petrochemical group fully owned by the Emirate of Abu Dhabi.