The United States Group (000333) has been able to maintain a steady growth in its performance against a backdrop of weak industry patterns of consumer durables and clothing.
Events: American groups published 2019 and 2020 q1 quarterly reports, 2019, with robust growth at the end of the weak weather cycle, and 2019, with a 6.71 per cent increase in income achieved by the United States in 2019.
It is still stable. By category, heating air conditioners, consumer appliances (including refrigerators, washing machines, kitchen appliances and other small household appliances), robotics and automated systems increased by 9.34%, total equity/flow (million shares), respectively.
According to the sub-channels, the market share below the air-conditioning line is nearly 29% second, the market share online is 30% first, and all other product-groups are in the top position.
The multi-brand matrix is expected to contribute to sound corporate growth. The company launched a high-end review in October of 18: high-quality endogenous growth, brand branding, colmo, blending the ai core technology with the production of smart home appliances, and better service delivery.
Matrix + Channel Optimizing Support for Stable Development. Consumers. Internet branding bugu, based on the Internet operating model, 2019/09/01, 2019
In addition, at the beginning of 2019, Hualing returned with a rejuvenation of the new brand image, targeting the young market, specializing in electrical outlets, and expanding the product from the original air conditioner to the refrigerator to the kitchen appliance.
A beautiful brand matrix meets differentiated market demands, superimposed efficient operating management capacity and flat channel resources, and is expected to help companies develop robustly over the long term. The increase in Māori rates at the end of the cost margin has clearly boosted.
Interest rate of 29.16 per cent, an increase of 1.03 pct over the same period. Sales rates increase by the same percentage in the cost of the period.
The “development generation” and the “development of the generation” have developed innovative research layouts around innovative product development, pilot platform research, key zero-point research, differential selling point layouts and basic performance enhancement to build product leadership through global product cluster development and global product platforms.
III. Efficiency drivers: deep transformation of channels, re-engineering of retail services, reduction of down-line channels and promotion of optimized integration and empowerment of agents. Firm and sustained reduction of inventories, optimization of structures and streamlining of skus, and substantial improvement of channel efficiency; enhancement of internal sales terminals
Over 30 regional market operations centres have been set up throughout the country to promote synergies in domestic marketing to work normality, verticalization of operations, institutional upgrading and improvement of channels for long-term sustainable development through more precise multi-good joint marketing activities
The company has established long-term strategic procurement cooperation lines with the national real estate industry top50, long-term rental apartments and financial insurance to provide business users with one-stop smart product solutions, while focusing on upgrading the strategic set.
Quality of project services through systematic management of regional service providers `selection, use, breeding, retention', installation of a nationwide network of full class territorialized services, consolidation of optimized installation of service resources, accurate targeting of user needs, enhancement of client satisfaction, and creation of a competitive core of b2b business areas
The first is a one-stop, intelligent product service program for domestic dress users, which has opened more than 260 live experience centres in the country, and more than 770 flagship shops have been upgraded to a beautiful life experience centre.
Providing products and services to more than 200,000 families: second, a new way of integrating young consumers, exploring ways of building more efficient service reach for millennium user groups, using data platforms to gain insight into user needs, provide experience and provide good-functioning products, while focusing on user operations
Analysis, through the introduction of new media advertisements, of the transformation path from the entry to the associated product, to steadily increase the rate of suite purchases and build the capacity of the entire household to sell electricity; and third, to target users in different cities and regions, to capture the characteristics of the market at all levels, to increase the investment of resources and to build full coverage and high levels
Infiltration of retail network layouts, upgrading of retail services experience, renewal of the old retail system, and global operations: overseas localization operations, deepening of the Toshiba project in synergy with the 2019 Toshiba household electricity continued to focus on core white household electricity business, and overall promotion of the collection with the United States
The Department of Mission Services, in collaboration with the value chain, optimizes the product structure to upgrade Māori, improves profitability, improves profitability, significantly increases the pre-tax profit ratio for the second consecutive year. Especially in the highly competitive Japanese market, Toshiba's share in the market for products such as air conditioning, refrigerators, washing machines, etc.
Taking into account the company's industry position, the power of the industry chain and the logic of future growth, I, the industry's low profile, the cost of raw materials, etc. Profit projections and financial indicators:
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report