The Shinji Mountain Group (000333.sz) is a stable company and continues to improve its operational efficiency.
In 2019, the company achieved a business income of $27,82.16 million, an increase of 7.14 per cent over the same period; the air conditioning industry \triangleright 2 quarter is about to return to full heat.
Market data: 29 April 2020 General delays in the delivery of goods resulting in a sharp drop in output, delays in the release of new products, a drop in consumer confidence in future expectations, reduced logistics efficiency and the need for specialized installation of distribution properties, from production to end consumption, white
Highest/lowest in the year: Air conditioner retail value is $14.9 billion, a 58% decline in the same year, the most affected.
Card grabs take place on the market, with the share of q1 top4 brand retail sales increasing by 89.6 per cent, or 4.8 per cent. Consumers have increased their heat on healthy air-conditioning products with new wind cleaning, self-cleaning, pm2.5, debacterizing, dust cleaning, etc. The new indicator for air-conditioning energy efficiency will be on 1 July 2020.
Basic data: Formally implemented on March 31, 2020, accelerating the upgrading of the integration of the air-conditioning sector. Company channels are mature and market shares are increasing.
\triangleright, the largest company, has created a full-scale, stereo-based market coverage. Actively cooperating with large home power chains on the first and second lines: on the third and fourth lines, through flagship shops and specialties.
Sales outlets, traditional channels, and new and emerging channels are effectively supplemented. In 19 years, the company’s main household appliances have increased their share of the Chinese market to varying degrees, with sales on the entire web approaching.
70 billion, a 30% increase over the same year, and the mainstream power platforms, such as Kyoto, Skycat, Suning and others, continue to have a business position in the PHP category first. The breakdown shows that the upper air-conditioning line is ranked first, the lower line is ranked second, and the ice-washing market share line is second on/down line, and there are multiple product categories.
In Taiwon city, 28th floor of Trade Center, 69th Street West, small household power maintenance line, fourth place in the market for stoves.
Look, the company's product is full-blown, and the market is solid, and the international center, on the 7th floor, continues to pursue a “brain strategy” to speed up the industrial connection.
Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd. has been actively developing the industrial robotics industry, automating the plant, and significantly improving productivity. In addition, the new energy of the United States has also helped to speed up America’s large-scale medium-sized and medium-sized production.
The process of conversion of air conditioners has created a positive synergy in the industrial chain for United States operations. Companies have been promoting industrial digitization on a user-centred basis, deepening c2m, t+3 to optimize connectivity across the value chain, and promoting 5g in synergy with the industrial Internet platform “m.iot” to create industrial innovation.
At present, the m.iot platform has been extended to product lines such as air conditioning, washing machines, microwaves, etc. Within the United States. Industrial Internet and digitalization will increase overall.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.