In 2019, the American group (000333.sz) published its annual report in 2019 and its quarterly report in 2020, with a gross operating income of $27,938 million in 2019.
The same rate of increase of 6.7 per cent, the net return to the mother achieved 24.21 billion yuan, or 19.7 per cent, and the net operating cash flow was 38.590 billion yuan, or 38.5 per cent.
Qin has performed well and profitably for 19 years, and 20q1 has increased its share.
In 19 the main camps were well run by low-speed shocks in the electricity market. The market as a whole increased the retail speed of -3.4%/-1.2%/-0.6%/-3.6% of empty cooking, household appliances, etc. The company’s main electricity camp warms the air.
In 19 years, profits were optimized, benefiting from cost dividends, VAT changes, and structural improvements overseas. In 19 years, Māori rates and net interest rates were increased by 1 pct/0.9 pct to 29.2 per cent per 10.6 per cent respectively.
Forty-two per cent of overseas operations have increased their Māori ratio by 2 pct, while the optimal structure of overseas products has led to higher pre-tax profits. 20q1 market has had strong performance, with a significant increase in the share of the main product group.
In 19 years, the company was close to 70 billion people, up 30% faster than in 19 years, and the core platforms of Skycat, Kyouta, Suning and others remained at the top of the full range of household appliances.
Billions of dollars, maintaining a robust growth rate of 11.7%, and positive innovation during the company’s epidemic, with new models q1 robust performances such as micro-credit marketing, live streaming, and sculpting activities.
The market share of the top-end air conditioners in the 19-year line rises by 11.8 pct/10.1 to 13.13.9 per cent.
Ming has been given the lead in home power, while the “Three Generations” multi-level R & D model guarantees long-term products, robotics are being integrated, industrial automation systems are being improved. Under the negative influence of the global industrial robot market, robotics and automation operations in the main camps have grown at a rate of 1.9 per cent in 19 years.
In the period between 2.1 pct and 20.8% of the Māori rate, the company accelerated the consolidation of the Kuka Chinese business, expanding new industries, electronics, medical care, logistics, services, etc., and was planning to acquire new equity in Xinkang, thereby upgrading industrial converters, server systems, and perfecting the core puzzles of a complete industrial automation solution.
Investment proposal: Firms in the difficult market situation of 20q1 have always been active and stable, achieving a much higher-than-market-average relative acceleration, and strong resistance has ensured an optimal pattern of competition and a higher degree of certainty in their performance.
The study assistant's introduction to the Port of Enrollment Securities in March of the year will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report, nor will it be relevant in the future.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a sale price or a bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to our own company or to the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.