The company's review reports that home appliances are growing in reverse net profits, and that multiple channels are in a strong position, Li Chonghua.
The American group published annual reports 2019 and one quarterly report 2020, and in 2019 the company earned $27,9381 million in operating income, an increase of 6.71 per cent over the same period; and achieved a net return of $24,211 million (i) performing better than the industry.
The company collected $57,606 million in business at 20,1904, an increase of 5.87 per cent in the same year, operating at 6.71 per cent in the same year, performing better than the industry. In 2019, it was affected by a low-performing real estate market, a slowdown in global trade, and a low domestic power industry, a low-growth country.
Retail sales in the domestic market declined by 2.2 per cent over the same period; exports in the domestic electricity sector grew by 0.9 per cent over the same year.20 The decline in corporate revenue from the impact of the new crown epidemic was significant, but smaller than in the industry, and corporate performance is expected to return to growth as the impact of the epidemic subsides.
In 2019, the share of the company’s main household appliances in the Chinese market rose to varying degrees, with the share of domestic air-conditioning products rising significantly across the channel. The operating income for heating air-conditioning and consumer appliances during the reporting period was $119.09.5 billion, respectively.
Corporate robotics and automated systems operations were affected by the decline in the performance of Kuka, with operating income of $25,191 million, a decline of 1.89 per cent over the same period.
In 2019, the Māori sales rate was 28.86%, an increase of 1.32 ptt compared to 27.54% in the same period last year. By product, the Māori rates for HFA and consumer appliances rose mainly due to changes in the cost of raw materials, exchange rate fluctuations, and increased company efficiency, respectively.
202001 company sales of Māori were 25.14 per cent, a decrease of 4.2 pct, which we believe is mainly due to the fact that foreign earnings were less affected by the epidemic during the quarter and Māori were lower.
The cost of sales and R & D for companies increased. During the reporting period, 34.6 billion yuan was spent on sales, (iii) sales channels for companies were strong, supply chain systems were well established. Companies have developed full-scale, stereo-market coverage.
Underline access levels, coverage is achieved on the first, second, third, and fourth-line markets. On the online market, companies are already the largest sellers of the China-wide electricity network. In 2019, the United States sold nearly $70 billion, an increase of more than 30 per cent.
In 2019, there was an increase of nearly 350% in the size of the business. The market share rose steadily.
(iv) Continued introduction of incentives, with an increase in cash dividends The company further refined the long-term incentives through the launch of the seventh equity options scheme, the sixth equity holding scheme of the United States Group Global Partnership scheme and the 2020 restricted equity incentive scheme, which provides incentives to cover core managers and high sectors
The management and core business cadres have been able to reconcile their interests with those of the business sector, guaranteeing long-term stability. Companies have a rich variety of products, well-tailored lines, relatively little impact on their performance, and, as the impact of the epidemic has been weak, the risks of volatile prices of raw materials, less-than-expected completion of real estate, and more than-anticipated risks of the impact of the epidemic.