It's a beautiful group of home appliances.
One billion yuan, or 6.7 per cent over the same period; a 24.21 billion yuan net return to the mother, or 19.7 per cent over the same period; a 22.72 billion yuan net non-post return to the mother, or 13.3 per cent over the same period; a 57.61 billion yuan in the q4 quarter, or 5.87 per cent over the same period; a $2.9 billion net return to the mother, or 24.2 per cent over the same period, is proposed for every 10 shares of the company.
• The market share has increased significantly, with co-opts from the outside. According to the sub-products, in 2019, the company's heating and air conditioning/consumption electrical/robots and automated systems generated $1196.1/1094.959.9.190 billion, a year-on-year change, and a high rate of growth in heating and air conditioning since the beginning of the 19th year.
The U.S. market share of air-conditioning products has risen significantly, from 30% on-line to 29% off-line. In the subregion, internal and external sales have grown steadily. Intra-market sales revenue was $16.43 billion, an increase of 8.2% compared to the previous, and external sales revenue was $11.678 billion, an increase of 5.8% compared to the previous year.
• Increased efficiency in digital transformation and a steady increase in profitability. In 2019, the combined Māori rate for companies was 28.9 per cent, compared to 1.3 pp. Companies are constantly moving towards a digital transformation for R&D, supply chains, marketing, post-sales, and so on.
Business provides digital support, operational efficiency gains, and the Māori rate for home power has increased. The HFA and consumer appliances rates are 31.8% and 31.5%, respectively, an increase of 1.1 pp and 2.3 pp, respectively. On the cost side, the rates of 6.9% and -0.8%, respectively, remain relatively stable.
1. The American group (000333). Go far, 5.2 billion more to speed up the integration of robotic operations.
The Chinese Ministry of Industry covers operations such as robotics, flexible systems, etc.; on the other hand, it collaborates with the dominant group of Americans (000333), the flexible giants, whose changes are reflected in technology sharing, procurement synergies, management upgrades, etc.
In the field of medical robotics, the United States Group (000333), the Matthews effect has intensified, and the dragons have become more powerful.
Our industrial robotic density is currently 140%, which is lower than in Singapore, South Korea, etc. The industry has more room for growth. As Kuka’s Chinese business accelerates, America’s group (000333), which is well funded and marketable.
Robot operations are expected to grow steadily. Corporate robotics and automated plates were picked up in 2019, with a solid headline. Under the epidemic, there was a marked decline in the flow of people under the line. Moreover, air conditioning, as an electrical installation, delayed reworking also had an impact on the sales of air conditioning.
Cloudnet data show that air conditioners are sold on a full channel of $13.1 billion, a 61 per cent decrease in the same year. Companies respond positively, safe and fast organize the resumption of work, and businesses use home-to-home, microscopic kill, live-to-line goods, as well as business tools to sell on-line and actively push off-line products.
The share of income on the line is more than half the share of cooking and heating appliances. With multiple measures, 2020q1 operations have declined much less than in the industry. Due to fixed costs and amortizations, the combined Māori rate and net interest rate of 2020q1 companies have been split, and net profit returns over the next three years will remain at a compound rate of 12.3%, taking into account the firm’s robustness, and not.
No compensation will be obtained either directly or indirectly from the specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.