Silver International Securities and Wise Investment Research Group (00033ch)
Domestic recovery was sufficient to withstand the loss of overseas orders The strong performance in the first quarter of the 20-year fiscal year was largely attributable to: 1) strong export orders; 2) relatively good performance of small household and power suppliers; and 3) lower prices of raw materials and devaluation of the renminbi.
Export orders may fall in the next few quarters, but we believe the domestic market will recover in a sustainable way. We keep buying Hu Yongxiu for 19 years. The net profit is what we expected: a strong market share and a strong Māori rate.
The lubricant ratio grew by 20%, higher than the 2%/lower than Bloomberg forecast for silver international securities. Although sales slowed to 7% in the last four quarters of the year, net profits rose to 24% at the same speed, mainly benefiting from the Māori rate.
In the first quarter of the 20-year fiscal year, the net profit for the first quarter was only 23% lower than in the same year, which was slightly better than the 41% of our co-worker Heir thinkers, and the 41% of Sophore.
The main reason for this is: 1) improved product structure, while small household electricity is more favoured by the epidemic, while electricity is severely affected (e.g., air conditioning); and 2) export orders have increased by 26% over the same period.
Returned to normal levels, 28 new products were introduced in mid-year and believed to drive sales; 2) Air-conditioning prices this year recorded a double-digit drop in average sales prices for fiscal years, but could still capture a greater share of the market; 3) Exports, but we estimate that companies account for less than 20 per cent of total sales in the United States/European countries, and therefore the impact is comparable.
Limited; 4) Māori rates should remain stable, benefiting from lower costs of raw materials and devaluation of the renminbi. However, robotics and automated products (mainly Kuka) are sold or fall in 20 fiscal years, with lower capital spending on technological innovation by clients due to an unstable peripheral environment.
To benefit from the company’s product structure, the first quarter performance improvement will continue until the second quarter.