General-purpose automation operations have increased steadily, and new-energy automobile operations have increased dramatically.
Billion dollars, or 4.04 per cent over the same period; net profit from non-repatriation of 1,217 million yuan, or 14.11 per cent over the same period. Corporate general automation continued to grow steadily in the first three quarters of 2025.
Corporate general automation (including industrial robots) generated sales revenue of about $13.1 billion, an increase of about 20 per cent over the same period; of this, general frequency transformer products generated sales revenue of about $4.05 billion, universal server systems generated sales revenue of about $5.34 billion, plc&hmi generated sales revenue of about $1.29 billion; and industrial robots (including precision)
In the third quarter of 2025, the company's new energy vehicle and orbital transport operations increased dramatically.
During the quarter, the company ' s new energy vehicle and orbital transport operations achieved sales revenue of about $14.8 billion, an increase of about $1.8 billion, an increase of 43.43 per cent, mainly from the core parts of the new energy vehicle production base in U Middle District, Insu State.
Continued investment in joint power research and development centres and platform-type research and development projects to provide sufficient productive support for companies to follow up on the growth of new energy vehicles.
The company's active deployment of human robots is gradually improving the layout of its products. The company's work on human robots is focused mainly on core parts and a smart scenario solution. 1 products such as low-pressure high-power drives, unboxed rectangular power sets and joints are moving from prototype research to development. 2 planetary roller stave products.
Customizes high-performance straight-line modules for large clients, which have now been done.3 In terms of the solution to the semi-annual report of 2025 from 1.Seconian technology (300124.sz), based on industry and co-ordination, it is built around the top limbs, responding to the needs of clients and integrated agents.
Assessment: robust growth of core operations, increased contribution of new market areas Technology accumulation and initiation of the development of upper limb components.
\triangleright: 25q1 performance and ring improvement rating: 24h1 performance meets expectations and new energy vehicles continue to increase
The “recommended” rating is maintained for the continued incremental contribution of the second-growth curve of the new energy vehicle, the new overseas market, etc.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.