Industrially controlled downstream recovery continues, smart robots are receiving attention.
Sales rates, management rates, research and development rates, and financial rates have changed to -2.64 pct, respectively.
Roe (ttm) The growth of machinery, automobiles, etc. has continued, and the growth of machine tools, semiconductors, textiles, etc. has accelerated.
Of this amount, general-purpose transformer operations collect about $4.05 billion, common-serving systems operations about $5.40 billion, plc&hmi operations about $1.290 billion, and industrial robotic operations will collect about $1.290 billion. Future companies will stabilize the Māori rate by optimizing product structures, reducing capital, controlling fees, etc.
Firms have accelerated overseas expansion, with emerging markets moving faster than developed markets, and fixed-points continue to be released, with higher business growth. New energy operations have been accepted in the first three quarters of 2025, with more than 20 new fixed-point projects and a cumulative total of about 60 in the previous three quarters; (2) large Europe.
The strategic business is moving fast. The company 2025h1 has made better progress in integrating the industrial ai technology platform with products, completing and landing the ifg platform architecture, resulting in coverage data, development, training, training, etc.
Application of the full-chain industrialai software system. At the same time, the company drives work on human robotics around core parts and intelligent landscape solutions. (1) Products such as low-pressure high power drives, boxless rectangulators and joints move from prototype research to development: (2) sustained excellence
The company demonstrated its full capacity at the Expo from robot hardware to the ai platform, and was widely exposed to: the “market index” of this rating system, a reference point being 300 indexes of depth; and the new three-board reference point being three indexes.
Investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “middle and low risks”, “stable” investors only to use a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, “positive” investors only to use a risk level not higher than “medium and high risks”, “radical” investors are fit to use the various categories of our department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consultancy as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and are aware of it independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.