There has been a ninefold increase in 17 years of performance, a significant increase in corporate profitability, a ninefold increase in 17 years, and a significant increase in profitability: the company made a profit throughout the year 2017 The revenue from the sale of equipment such as excavators, concrete machines, cranes, etc. has increased significantly.
In the first to third quarters, net profits of 746 million, 414 million and 643 million, respectively, are projected to be the best in history, with significant increases in profitability. Diggers have grown into company cash cattle operations: in 2017, sales in the excavator industry reached 140,000.
Total equity/flow (million shares) has doubled, compared to the previous year.
Now, the excavator industry is still high, and we expect to be strong for the first quarter, and there's no need for an overstretch in the top.
Worry - 2017/11/21 Reanimation, as the company's once acetale business, the company's concrete business is gradually warming up.
For example, the stock of second-hand pumps that are currently idle on the market has been significantly reduced, and we, the dollar bill overseas, are making steady progress in internationalization.
- 2017/11/17 Three-time jobs (600031) The Three-Quarterly Performance Mark will account for the bulk of the market share and contribute to greater elasticity in performance.
Prospective, high and sustained growth in industry. Profit forecasts and investment proposals: we expect net corporate profits to increase by ninefold in 2017-2019 and significantly increase corporate profitability by 17 years, respectively.
Industry research in the field is good at industrial chain research, especially in industrial automation. For more than six years in the financial sector, the representatives include Robot Trends, etc. Before entering the financial sector, they have eight years of business experience and have worked in areas such as engineering, machinery and automobiles, production technology, markets and strategies.
In July 2017, the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre joined the Alliance’s Pacific Securities Centre. The Centre, which joined the Alliance’s Pacific Securities Centre in July 2017, was good at bottom-up investment opportunities.
Research Center, September 2017, Allied Pacific Securities, good at capitalizing on investment opportunities based on industrial trends.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.