Three heavy jobs, three heavy jobs, three heavy jobs, three heavy jobs.
In the next three years, industrial demand has risen steadily, with a small probability of falling off the cliff. The current stock of excavators is close to 1.3 million, counting on the 8-10 year renewal cycle, and we judge the future.
Right. The domestic capital market for future sales of engineering machinery is expected to boost the market, and we believe that countries along the “one-way” route are entering the period of the release of the population dividend, and that the huge public infrastructure needs to be the core growth engine for our home-grown engineering and machinery mainframe in the next phase.
Total stock/flowa shares (millions) ▪ Significant adjustments in market competitive patterns and product structure, and significant rise in industrial barriers.
During the peak of engineering machinery in 2010 - 2011, domestic mainframes were subject to autonomous production capacity of core parts and components, competition patterns were fragmented, domestic mainframes were unable to compete with foreign manufacturers in high-end markets on the one hand, and domestic manufacturers in low-end markets, on the other hand, were caught in bad price competition, resulting in low profits.
Business recovery has led to the emergence of a highly competitive indigenous core component supplier (stale hydraulic excavator, oil tank city, from 26.2 per cent in 2011 to 51.9 per cent in 2016, with nearly 20 per cent of Caterpillar hydraulics and 60 per cent of tri-heavy hydraulics supplied by longline mainframe plants in the country)
The ability to focus on high-end products such as excavators, pumps, etc. has raised barriers to industry as a whole, and has led to profit forecasting and investment ratings: companies continue to refine their internal processes, strictly enforce prudential marketing policies, and their resilience to risks has been significantly enhanced.
In 2017, the non-recurrent gains and losses of the company fell by $247 million to $267 million over the same period last year, the risk of bad debt was fully released, the size of the company ' s assets was now well matched to profitability, and firm performance would improve without the expected steady growth in industry.
“Thirty-one jobs (600031) event review: competitiveness”, “Thirty-one jobs (600031) research report: moving from active expansion to strategic contraction” 2012-10-30
4. Trinity Worker (600031): Acquisition of Putsmeister, Lead of the World Concrete Pumping and Mechanical Industry
Three heavy jobs (600031): The forecast meets expectations of core competitiveness.
He's a member of the Eung Heung Bond, and he's doing research in the mechanical industry.
The Chinese People’s University School of Economics, with its undergraduate and master’s degree, has three years of experience with companies listed in the media, mainly following up on the new energy automobile industry chain and mechanics, joined the civil securities in 2016, and the East Hing securities in 2017.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.