In 2017, the company achieved operating income of $2.30 billion, a 36 per cent increase. The company achieved net profits of $397 million attributable to the shareholders of the parent company, resulting in a deduction of $397 million.
The growth in revenue and net profits has been sustained at a rapid rate of 2.03 billion yuan in 2017, an increase of 36 per cent over the same period, and in recent years the growth in revenue from the public sector has been faster and has increased further in 2017.
The company’s net return profits grew rapidly throughout the year and in the quarter of 2017. The q4 increase rebounded slightly, largely due to increases in financial cost rates. The cost rate for the first three quarters of the company’s period remained almost the same.
q4, on the other hand, has risen faster, mainly as a result of a faster increase in management rates during the same period, with sales rates and financial charges increasing. The operating income of the storage chip business increased by $1.716 billion, or 33 per cent, and the Māori rate increased by 58 per cent and the Māori rate by 47.77 per cent, or 4.64 percentage points.
Autonomous innovation and M & As replacement for domestic production The company plans to move fast through autonomous innovation, M & As restructuring. The company plans to develop new noorflash products for the mature process, especially for new applications in the market, networking of goods, etc.
Products such as automobile applications. Launching low- and medium-volume products, trying to become influential chip designers in embedded nandflash markets. On mcu products, following high performance and very low power consumption two main lines and opening up markets. Working with co-manufactures, trying to fill in.
The company plans to issue shares and pay cash to acquire 100% of Shanghai's micro-equity, interactive technology in the area of layout networking.
The company is a leading player in the domestic storage and networked chip industry, looking to the company to accelerate the process of national production substitution through autonomous innovation and M & As restructuring, supported by policy and finance.
The risk of volatility in the semiconductor industry; the risk of less than expected progress in R & D; the wind of exchange rate fluctuations; the year 2017 annual report on innovation. The company achieved operating income of $2.03 billion in 2017, an increase of 36 per cent. The company realized net profit of $397 million attributable to the shareholders of the parent company and realized net profit of $332 million for non-return.
Growth of 125% and 120%, respectively. Second, revenue collection and net profits have continued to grow at a rapid rate, generating business income of $2.03 billion in 2017, or 36% in the same year, with company operating income in recent years.
Maintained faster growth, further upswing in 2017. Business income increased in 2017 in all quarters, particularly at a higher rate in the previous three quarters, with a return on the q4 increase, and the company achieved net return profit of $397 million in 2017, an increase of 125 per cent over the same period.
In 2017, the company ' s net profits from maternity increased rapidly in all quarters. The q4 increase fell slightly, mainly due to an increase in costs of 0.02 percentage points compared to the increase in sales costs, mainly in terms of opening overseas markets, increasing staff and raising salaries.
Financial cost rate 1.35 per cent, an increase of 3 percentage points over the same period. Financial cost increases are mainly due to exchange rate losses due to exchange rate fluctuations in the United States dollar. Corporate management and sales cost rates have remained largely stable in recent years.
Sales rates and financial rates have also risen as a result of the relatively rapid rise in management rates during the same period. The Māori rates of 2017q1, q2 companies have risen rapidly, while the Māori rates of q3 and q4 have remained high. Net interest rates have risen rapidly in the first three quarters, and q4 has declined significantly.
Business income from corporate chip storage in 2017 was $1.716 billion, an increase of 33 per cent and the Māori rate of 37.61 per cent, an increase of 13.4 percentage points. Business income from company microcontrols was $311 million, an increase of 58 per cent and Māori rate of 47.77 per cent, an increase of 4.64 percentage points.
The company plans to develop a mature system.
The new product of Noorflash, especially in the new applications of the market, the network of things, and the use of automobiles. Launching low- and medium-volume products in Nandflash, further expanding market access and enhancing market influence, seeking to become an influential chip designer in the embedded nandflash market.
Two main line layouts, fully adapted to market demands, to address multiple meta-application challenges with leading process levels and high integration. On dram products, working with co-fertilizers to fill domestic dram fields. Supply agreements between companies and China Point International (Shanghai) guarantee a stable supply of upstream crystals and future expansion of production capacity.
In October 2017, the company signed a cooperation agreement with the Industrial Investment Holdings (Governance) Ltd.
In addition to this, the company plans to issue shares and pay cash to acquire 100% of Shanghai's shareholdings, the humans in the area of layout networking, and the large state funds and the Sakamoto countries have invested in the company's second and fifth largest shareholders, which has helped to adjust the company's equity structure.
To play a leading role in the industrial development of State-owned background industry funds and to support companies to become international leaders in storage chips and mcu designs, leading companies in the domestic storage and networked chip industry, with policy and financial support.
Autonomy and M & As restructuring accelerate the process of national production substitution.iv. Profit forecasting and investment proposals. Risks of volatility in semiconductor industries; risks of less than expected progress in R & D; and risks of exchange rate fluctuations.
Wang Fenghua: Master's degree at the People's University of China, currently the Executive Director of the United Securities Institute.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.