Weir shares (603501) Designed for distribution as one, to buy and buy the top three of the highest ciss. November 14th, 2018
• Design + Distribution, a two-wheel drive that is expected to perform well in 2018, was established in July 2007 with a semiconductor design and distribution component. The distribution business, led by Sub, Hong Kong’s Hua Qing and Kyung-hung systems, is already high-profile within the industry and sales are growing steadily.
Designing a self-research business as an important building block for companies to expand in recent years, it includes, inter alia, separate devices and products with a maximum/minimum value of nearly 12 months. By the first three quarters of 2018, the company achieved a total growth in design and distribution of 3,113 million yuan.
92.40% increase in the same year, resulting in a net return of $246 million, a 145.05% increase in the same year, with excellent performance. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Source management. Of this, tvs account for 52.27% of the design part of the income, tvs for 20.22% of the power source and mosfet for 15.82%. tvs companies now have a high market share and are expected to maintain a steady growth trend in the future. mosfet and power management ic cities have a relatively low share, and mosfet and electricity have a relatively low share.
The company is planning a major asset restructuring and is expected to hold 100% of the share in Beijing, directly and directly.
The target asset, Beijing Howie, is the third-largest cis supplier after Sony and Samsung, and Spico is also well known in the field of cis. After completing the acquisition of the target asset, the company will achieve full coverage of the lower end product of Cis high school.
For the first time in a corporate average valuation, a “recommended” rating was given. Design operations were not expanding as expected; distribution profitability was declining; and Beijing, Howie and Sbioco were not restructured as expected;
(i) Design + Distribution double-wheel drive with steady growth in performance (i) set design distribution, stand-alone deviceic integration and product lines continue to expand)
The company's main business consists of semiconductor separation devices, the R & D design and the distribution of semiconductor products, which cover the application areas of mobile communications, vehicle-borne electronics, security, network communications, home appliances, etc.
The supply system of nationally and internationally renowned mobile brands, and the distribution business, have established good partnerships with a number of well-known semiconductor suppliers around the world to provide solutions for domestic oems, odms, ems manufacturers and end-users.
There are 27 subsidiaries, including the Hong Kong Hua Qing, the Kyeong Chi system and the Shanghai Lingmin lead company, the company itself and its affiliates, Tae Heng Hong, Tin Nakhu, Shanghai Wei, Shanghai Rock, Wezmi and others, mainly engaged in the design and development of semiconductor separation devices and ic products.
Since its inception, the company has continued to expand its main business and product lines. At its inception in 2007, the company was mainly involved in the design and production of semiconductor separation devices.
From 2014 to the present, the company has developed a range of design research and development (R & D) operations. In August 2014, the company acquired 100% of the share of the satellite live chip design company, Tae Hoon-heung, Beijing, and expanded to the Soc chip field, using digital television chip products as a gateway; in January 2015, the acquisition of the radio frequency chip design company, Tinless and Medium-Spin micro, and the product line further directed towards the radio frequency core.
The same year, the company set up a subsidiary in Shanghai to develop Lina and ble chips; in 2016, it set up a subsidiary in Shanghai Rock and Shanghai Silicon products and broadband-carried chips; and in 2017, it set up a subsidiary in Wyzmer to work on research and development of high-performance analogic products.
It is expected that, upon the completion of the reorganization, the company will be the leading firm in the area of the cmos image sensor chip. Figure 3: Corporate development history accounts for about 70 per cent of revenue and design business revenue contributes around 30 per cent.
(ii) Steady growth, with good performance in the first three quarters of 2018, and in recent years firm growth in corporate operating income has increased steadily, from $1.408 billion in 2014 to $2,406 billion in 2017, to be affected by the amortization of equity incentive costs and the elimination of the cost of restrictive equity incentive amortization, resulting in a net return to the mother in 2017
In the long run, the company achieved operating income of 3,113 million yuan, an increase of 92.40 per cent over the same period, a net return of 246 million yuan to the mother, an increase in the same amount.
The total R & D of the Department was 66 million yuan, an increase of 51.87 per cent over the same period, and the semiconductor design business was 5.087 million yuan, representing 12.17 per cent of sales revenue from semiconductor design. The overall M & A rate of M & A has been steadily rising.
Design operations have high potential, with a steady increase in the scale of distribution (i) leading in the tvs industry, mosfet, high growth potential of power-based i.e., semiconductor designs are mainly semiconductor-separate designs and ic designs.
From the beginning of its existence, the company was mainly involved in the design of semiconductor separation devices, followed by an expansion of its design operations. The main products of the design plate are currently tvs, mosfet and Shortki diodes in the separation devices, as well as power management chips, radio frequency chips and live chips.
In terms of the income composition of the company ' s semiconductor design operations, the split device design accounted for about 70 per cent of the ratio and the sub-product design for about 30 per cent.The largest share of the company ' s design business revenue was the tvs product, accounting for 52.27 per cent of the total revenue of the design component, followed by power management, accounting for 20.22 per cent, mosfet for 15.82 per cent, radio frequency chips for 4.11 per cent and satellites.
The company’s three main products, tvs, mosfet, and poweric. Of these, tvs achieved sales revenue of $370 million in 2017, with the company’s market share of tvs at around 10 per cent, based on a global market size of $500 million for tvs products.
According to the data provided by the Internet on sales to major suppliers of domestically produced mobile phones tvs, the company’s tvs product is about 18 per cent marketed in the home-grown mobile phones, ranked second in ranking, with a clear lead and is expected to continue its steady growth trend in the future. Moreover, according to yole, the global market sales of mosfet are about $6 billion and the global market size of power management is $17.3 billion.
Market space is large, while company mosfet earned only $114 million in 2017 and electricity management sales only $146 million, with greater potential for growth in the future. (ii) Distribution operations are ahead in scale and contribute to stable returns
The company has been in the distribution sector for many years, thanks to the extensive experience of the core team and market sensitivity, as well as years of cumulative development, in the distribution of semiconductors.
The size is at the forefront of the industry. According to international electronic commerce statistics on the income of domestic electronic component distributors in 2017, the company is among the top 20 in the domestic distributor industry.
The semiconductor distributors, by category, are divided mainly into authorized distributors, independent distributors and catalogue distributors. Authorized distributors have brand ownership of the original plant, are closely linked to the original plant, and products come directly from the original plant, and can be sourced, delivered, quality and priced.
The company, which is a typical authorized distributor, has established good cooperation with a number of well-known semiconductor manufacturers at home and abroad, such as Kwangbao, Kwan Kwan, South Asia, Matsumoto, Molex, avx, Giant, Samsung, Jiang Bolong, Litepoint, Taiwan Crystal, etc.
Products include passive electronic components such as resistors, capacitors, electrosensives, connectors, caskets, cartos, photoelectric semiconductors, and wifi chips. Distribution operations, while providing stable returns to companies, are complementary to design operations and are supported by strong channel advantages.
The power semiconductor design business was expanded.
In August 2018, the company released a major asset restructuring plan for the purchase of 96.08 per cent of Beijing Howie, 42.27 per cent of Spico and 79.93 per cent of the target source, with an additional sum of up to $2 billion to be raised for the bid.
After the reorganization is completed, the company will hold 100% of the shareholdings, 79.93% of the perceived source of credit in Beijing, and 85.31% of the shareholdings directly or indirectly in Espiko. (The main asset of the firm is 53.85% of the shareholdings.) When the reorganization is completed, the company will directly hold 42.27% of the shareholdings in Espico, through visualization.
The source has an indirect share of 43.04% and a combined share of 85.31% of Spico.) Howie in Beijing is the leading global cos image sensor chip (cis) designer, and Sbico has a high profile in the cosmography, like the sensor chip. The company will have its own after completing its acquisition of Hawe and Sbico in Beijing.
A combination of the advantages of the distribution channel and the technical advantages of the target asset in the field of cis is expected to increase the company's future performance on a sustained basis
Two, Beijing Howe focuses on high-end markets, and the real owner of Beijing Howe's asset, Howe, United States, is the leading global cos image sensor design company, the third largest global cos image sensor supplier after Sony and Samsung.
In 2017, Howie's global market was 11%, followed only by Sony and Samsung. Howie, United States, was founded in 1995 and was mainly involved in the design and sale of cos image sensors, and in 2000 in the United States.
Starck was listed, acquired in 2016 by a consortium of Chinese investors, Chinese capital and gold nc for $1.9 billion, and became privatized and retired as an operating entity of Howie in Beijing.
In July 2018, the company announced that its wholly-owned subsidiary, Weir Hong Kong, was going to buy 1.95% of the share of Howie Beijing in cash of $39,647.5 million and 96.08% of the share of Howie Beijing. When the acquisition was completed, the company would hold 100% of the share of Howie Beijing. In September 2018, the company announced that it was going to bid for 100% of the equity and 100% of the equity in the core of Yunnan City.
It is expected that, after the competition is completed, the company will have an additional 10.55% of the shareholding in Beijing, and a new member of the Board of Directors in Beijing will help the company.
At the same time, the company’s share of Beijing’s shares purchased by issuing shares will be changed from 96.08% to 85.53%. Howie has been involved in the design, production, and sale of image sensors since his inception, and now includes cmosto.
Like sensors, specific-purpose integrated circuit products, micro-image module encapsulation and silicon liquid crystal projection chips. As a leading global cos image sensor design company, Howe’s products are widely applied to smartphones, vehicle-borne cameras, medical cameras, security surveillance equipment, and drone systems, laptop computers, ar/vr cameras.
High, over 60%, followed by security and automobiles. In recent years, Howie's income structure has gradually improved, and the smartphone market has developed over 20 years, and Howie's downstream customers have covered a wide range of top brands, smartphones, such well-known brands as Hua, Mi, Opo, vivo, etc.; and automobile customers include BMW, Mercedes, Big.
In the security market, Howie is the supplier of Haccoonview, Da Hwa, and in the areas of entertainment, Howie's clients include Sony, Mitsubishi, kron, jvc, Hewlett-Packard, etc. Howe is also in the lead in various fields.
Market analysis shows that Howe has a 20% market share in smartphones, 56% in security markets, 29% in automobiles, 46% in laptop computers, 69% in the media, and 16% in entertainment. Howe ' s profitability has continued to rise since privatization. In 2016, Hawei in Beijing collected $7,957 million.
The real net profit after privatization costs was 38 million yuan; the real net profit after privatization costs was 950 million yuan in 2017; the real net profit after privatization costs were 217 million yuan; and the real net profit after privatization costs were reduced to $3.52 billion in January-May 2018.
In 2016, the value of its R & D investment stood at $1,120 million, accounting for operating income.
Considerable R & D investment and years of accumulation have enabled Howie to have significant technical advantages in the design, encapsulation, digital image processing, and supporting software of the coms image sensor circuits. In the case of pixel technology, in the past two decades, Howe has developed autonomously a range of pixels such as fsi, omnibsi, and purecel, among others.
And one of the first companies in the industry to commercialize the bsi technology. In addition, Howie introduced the image sensor integration chip technique, cameracubechip, which combines advanced image sensor technology with crystal-circle containment technology, which combines image sensors, processors and lenses into mini-crystal camera modules. The advantage of this technology is that it provides the smallest picture in industry.
The module solution, along with a simplified supply chain, has been recognized in areas such as medical care.2 Spico's asset is a well-known cos image sensor enterprise in the country, established in September 2004 by Chen Jie.
The controlling shareholder holds 53.85% of the shareholding. The actual controller, Mr. Chen Jie, holds 3.83% of the shareholding, indirectly holding 53.85% of the company ' s equity by holding 45.85% of the shareholding, and together holding 57.68% of the shareholding.
The principal product of the asset Spico is also the cnos image sensor, which is located at the lower and middle end of the market, with the main product set ranging from 80,000 to 8 million pixels in high-price chips, and downstream, mainly mobile phones, tablet computers, security surveillance equipment, etc. The mobile phone market contributes more than 90% of the revenue from the specific collection structure, with a smaller share in other areas, such as security.
Spico is positioned for the sale of image processors in the lower-middle-end areas, and the competitors are concentrated in the country, including Gko micro, Biadi microelectronics, sharp cores, etc. Since 2016, the income from Spico has been growing steadily, with a current revenue of 461 million yuan in 2016, 462 million yuan in 2017, and 159 million yuan in January-May 2018.
The Māori rate declined considerably in 2017, at a loss of $14.88 million, and in 2018, Spico's R & D inputs have remained relatively stable in recent years. In 2016, 2017 and January-May 2018, R & D investments amounted to $22.63 million, R & D 23.69 million and R & D 12.53 million, respectively.
In terms of industry, smartphones are increasingly demanding for camera performance, and with this, for cmos image sensors, pixels, etc., but we believe that emerging markets such as India, Africa and others still have significant growth potential for medium- and low-end mobile phone demand, providing opportunities for growth in the market for low- and medium-end cynos image sensors.
(ii) Mobile phones, vehicle applications drive, cis market boom 1, smartphones double ingested, multi-ingestion drive, cis market growth driven by the demand for smartphones, cars, security etc., and cos image sensor markets have been growing in recent years.
Annual sales reached $12.5 billion, a 19 per cent increase over the same period. In 2012-2017, the market for cos image sensors grew by 8.8 per cent annually, and the volume of shipments grew by a similar amount to icinsights statistics, while yole data show that the market for cos image sensors was sold in 2017.
The rapid growth of the cos image in 2017, driven by a 19.8% increase in sales over 2016, is mainly due to the rapid penetration of smart phones. According to the big data on Xun, the penetration rate of double-photos in 2017 was more than 20%, and it is expected that 2018 will be the year of the launch of j-sh04 in Sharp in September 2000, the first time that cameras have been moved to mobile phones, and mobile phones are becoming more widely available.
The cameras also experienced a change from ccd to cos, from single pixels to double-camera, and the front cameras experienced a change from none to none, and even pre-dual. The growth in the number of cameras and the upgrading of pixels contributed to the expansion of the market for cos image sensors.
2018.4 F is 40 million pixels (colour, f/1.8 radians) + 20 million pixels (black and white, f.1.6 light) + 8 million pixels (Long Caro, f/2.4 light)
Pre-cam: Post-cam 12 million pixels*2 (black and white + colour) pre-cam: 8 million pixels, stacked cameras,
F2.2, card-certified camera, back camera: 12 million pixels wide angles and long-f2.4 radials, fixed to focus
Precinct camera: 8 million pixels, f2.4 light, double camera, fixed focus.
Wide-angled lens: f/1.8 radial lens: f/2.8 radiar front camera: 7 million pixels
Backstage: 5 million pixels in front of 300,000 pixels in 2018.
It's a three-camera smartphone p20pro that was released in April 2018. It's a 8 million pixel (long radial, f/2.4 radial) lens. Three stars released a global first on October 24, 2018, followed by a four-camera galaxya9s, with four cameras: 24 million pixels, f/177 main camera, 5 million.
Pixels, f/2.2 indelible cameras, 10 million pixels, f/2.4 long-celebrity lenses and 8 million pixels, f/2.4 ultra wide-angle cameras, figure 35: Three shots and four camera type parameters released by Three Stars in 2018, according to yole statistics, mobile phone camera applications accounted for 67.8 per cent of the cis market in 2017.
The largest application market for cos image sensors, and we expect that the continued increase in the rate of double penetration of smartphones, and even the growth and penetration of multiple cameras, will continue to drive the growth in the demand for cis.
2. The important driving force behind the future growth of car-borne camera production is that car applications account for about 5% of the market share of car applications from the current market for the main applications of cos image sensors. Although the city’s share is low, the rate of growth is higher.
As autopilot technology develops, the need for visual video information will increase. Cameras are essential as a hardware base for accessing visual video information. In Tesla's automated driving system, autopilot1.0 uses both front and rear cameras on hardware formulations and goes to autopilot 2.0, using eight cameras, each of which is prefixed to three cameras.
The higher the level of autopilot, the higher the demand for image information, and the higher the need for vehicle-borne cameras. According to Yole, at the level of level1, only two cameras are needed for front and back, to the level of level2, camera.
The growth and penetration of autopilot technology will drive the growth in the demand for vehicle-borne cameras. We expect that future vehicle-borne applications will be the fastest-growing direction in the major applications of cmos image sensors.
By 2022, the sales of vehicle-borne cmos image sensors would amount to $2.8 billion, with a compound annual growth rate of 38.4 per cent.
There are affiliates in Hong Kong, Beijing, Shenzhen, and Suzhou, and they enjoy a high degree of visibility within the industry. With many years of experience in the core team and keen market observation, distribution has been growing steadily in recent years, with rising levels of profitability.
The company is currently planning to acquire the shares of the cos image sensor companies, Howie and Spico in Beijing, and is expected to become the top three global players in the field of cis, with the design plate adding the cis product line.
Distribution, the types of products currently distributed by companies include, inter alia, passive components such as capacitors, resistors, electrical sensors, structural devices such as connectors, photovoltaic semiconductors, and wifi chips, and the proxy plants include such well-known manufacturers as Matsumoto, Guangbao, Quinquien, South Asia, Matsumoto, Molex, avx, Guinjiang, Samsung, Jiangpolong, Litepoint, Taiwan Crystal.
Business achieved income of 1,441 million yuan, income of 1,675 million yuan in 2017, rising steadily in size, and projected future distribution operations. Design operations. Companies have been working in recent years on the expansion of self-research operations. The three main products of the design plate are tvs, mosfet and power management. Of this, tvs account for 52.27 per cent of the design share, and power management.
The share of ic is 20.22%, and the share of mosfet is 15.82%. In terms of market share, companies in the area of tvs now have a higher market rate, and the share of mosfet and power management is relatively low. In terms of market space, the market space for mosfet and power management is also larger.
There is a greater potential for growth in the power management of the ic product. In the cis business, the company’s target asset, Beijing Howie, is the world’s top three in the field of cis, and Spiko is a nationally known cis designer. When the acquisition is completed, the company’s cis product will be fully covered at the lower end of high school.
The performance commitments given by the various performance promising parties were that the withholding of non-repatriation net profits in Howie, Beijing, from 2019 to 2021 was no less than the average industry valuation, covered for the first time with a “recommended” rating.
The company's financial statement projections are summarized and the team leader, Jung Ping, tmt. The People's University of China has a doctorate in management, a teacher at the China Petroleum University Business School, and a mentor at the Central National University for entrepreneurship for almost 10 years.
Wang Duting, Research Assistant for the Electronics Industry. Kwangtan University, Master of Microelectronics and Solid Electronics, joined the People ' s Security in 2016.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,