5g+data centre "Showdown" for the company "New" leapfrogging period, resonance with data centre construction (300502.sz) 5g and marginal performance improvements, with first-time coverage of the "buy-in" rating
New Emancipation is the core supplier of the country’s leading light modules and subsystems, mastering the high-speed lightware encapsulation core technology, which allows bulk delivery of 100 g and above light modules, with products widely used in such industries as data broadband, telecommunications, and data centres. With the construction of 5g, the market for data centres has expanded rapidly.
The light module industry is expected to begin with a new high-stakes cycle, with companies pre-positioning, fast breaking through the high-speed light module core technology and gradually releasing it, covering it for the first time and giving a “buy-in” rating as the company's high-speed light module product reaches higher and higher values.
• Product restructuring and high-quality clients are breaking out, corporate performance is on the rise, corporate traditional business is on the rise with a light module of up to 4.5 g, companies are actively expanding and upgrading their business transformations, and with the restructuring of the product, the ratio of high-speed light modules to 100 g of the company continues to rise, driving performance and the Māori rate on the ground.
The company has been certified as a product of Ericsson and Nokia, and with the unlocking of more customers such as China San, Arista and Google, new clients are expected to help the company develop rapidly in telecommunications and a new high-profile cycle, further raising the possibility of rising market ownership and sustained high growth in the company ' s performance.
The new leap of 400g light module expansion is expected to help build up the new surge in the company's market, strong R & D, efficiency, fast, market-driven R & D, positive impact, knowledge of high-speed light package core technology, and successful delivery of the 400g minimum capacity of the industry.
The light module. With the demand for the 400g series light module as a result of the upgrading of megadata centres and cloud networks, both within and outside the country, the company is expected to benefit from a two-fold increase in the rate of productivity and performance, leading to a re-elevation of the company.
1.1. Corporate technological advantages are evident, and control is stable. Chengdu New Leather Technologies Inc. is the core supplier of the country's leading light modules and subsystems.
The company’s main business can be divided by product into point-to-point modules, pon-light blocks, components, etc. There are currently nearly 3,000 light-module products of different types and at different speeds that meet the needs of all categories of households for the products.
Corporate control is stable, and the development strategy is clear. The company was vertically integrated in April 2008 by two companies, Photocom and Ijellon, to achieve full coverage of photochips, photochip envelopes, optical device envelopes and light module manufacturing, and to become a core supplier of national light communication modules, components and subsystems.
1.2. The company ' s ability to produce and sell leads, the assets structure is reasonable, the company ' s business performance is good and revenue and net profits are growing at the same time, and corporate business income as a whole is on the rise.
In 2019, the recovery rose sharply, to 1,164 million yuan, an increase of 53% in the same year, with a negative shift in the rate of increase. In 2019, the net return to mothers reached 213 million yuan, an increase of 569% in the same year.
1.2.2 Corporate profitability and solvency are better than industry averages. Year after year, there has been a recovery in the first three quarters of 2019, with a Māori sales rate of 33 per cent, an increase of 68 per cent over the same period; sales have a reasonable asset structure and a guaranteed short- and long-term solvency.
At a higher level, it reached 3.75 in the first three quarters of 2019, with a better short-term solvency and liquidity. Corporate assets have a reasonable asset structure. Corporate weighted net asset yields rebounded after continuing to fall, reaching 11.13 per cent in the first three quarters of 2019, and business performance continued to improve.
Companies have a relatively stable three-year cost and better cost-control capabilities. Companies have actively expanded their operations, both within and outside the country, and sales costs have increased without interruption, but management costs have been decreasing over the last two years. Sales costs reached 16.78% in the first three quarters of 2019, management costs reached 21.82%, and cost control is good.
1.3 The point-to-point module is dominated by the development and construction of the moat river and further expansion abroad. The company's main business can be divided into three main segments by product, including the point-to-point module, the pon-light module, and the components, which account for 83.41 per cent of the earnings of the industry.
Companies continue to plow overseas markets, and the distribution system is global. Geographically, their domestic business accounts for more income than their foreign business, but the gap is narrowing, with domestic and foreign business accounting for less than 10% of the revenue in 2018. Companies are actively expanding their overseas operations and opening up foreign markets as early as 2017.
The company's announcement of outward investment and the creation of an American subsidiary, eoptolinktechnologyusainc., further opens up overseas markets, enhances corporate recognition abroad, and further builds a global marketing system.
The company’s steady growth in profits has long been positive. The company’s performance has remained high for 15 consecutive years since 2004, with 89.99 per cent growth in the same year of the company after its merger with wtd in 2012; the company’s rising share of high-speed production in 2015 and a higher rate of chip autonomy, with a net return of 68.78 per cent closer to the net return of the mother;
Over the past two years, companies have been suffering from declining capital spending by Chinese, Chinese, and other operators, and the rate of growth has slowed. Overall, public revenues and net returns have been growing steadily over the long term.
Production technology, product structure optimization, scale-up of production, and research and development costs have been increasing since 2015. 5g jointly with data centres to drive the rapid development of the light module industry 2.1. The importance of the light module as the core of the light communication connection is becoming increasingly evident
As the core of the light communication connection, the light module is a key instrument for the conversion of light telecommunications in the light communication system. It is the core component of the basic components for the manufacture of optical devices and fibre-optic transmissions, which are supported by links to data centres, telecommunications, mobile broadband, etc., and industry. The light module is enclosed with multiple light devices, the main raw materials of which are:
Photochips and components, integrated circuit chips and structures, including optical devices, chips, printed circuits, etc., upstream industries
2.2, 5g high-speed development, expanded demand for boost-light modules 2.2.1, 5g accelerated construction, and demand for light modules increased simultaneously from 4g into the 5g era, leading to a significant increase in demand for light modules.
Wireless interfaces instead of common public radio interfaces in the 4g era, cpri, have increased the demand for the 25g pre-lighting module used. In network architecture, unlike the two-tier structure of the 4g base station rru+bbu, the 5g base station separates the bbu into cu and du, resulting in a natural increase in the demand for the 50g/100g velocity of the primary medium-lighting module.
Moreover, China’s move to the 5g base station requires bottom-up integration of the 4g network and the gradual introduction of c-ran technology, further boosting the demand for the 25g light module (the number of single-base station light modules was changed from 6 to 12).
The increase in demand for 5g small base stations has also contributed to the increase in demand for light modules. From the macro station point of view, 4g to 5g upgrades have led to an increase in the frequency and quantity of base stations. From the small base stations, the number of small base stations will also rise significantly due to their high mobility, lower cost and speed of construction.
Mobile and cellular 5g cooperation is expected to lead to further release of the 500g network 700m base station, to promote the need for light modules, and to negotiate shared and collaborative win-win approaches to building 5g together. We believe that mobile and wide 5g partnerships are expected to make a real breakthrough in 2020. Mobile hopes to use the wide 700m spectrum to advance the nationalization of 5g, which is what is expected to happen.
Rapid and universal coverage of 5g is a great benefit, and just 400,000 700 m5g base stations are needed for mobility to achieve the same level of coverage as the 4g network, which can contribute significantly to the landing of 5g applications: rapid penetration of 5g at the content end is also a great benefit to companies. Mobile and wide 5g work together.
In response to the policy, the operators began building a 5g base station in 2020. The three major operators (China Mobile, China Telecommunications, China Connect) responded positively to the need for central policy and network upgrades and pushed the 5g commercial process to continue.
The construction of a 5g base station began in 2020. 2.3. Global traffic eruptions, with data centre construction pushing up light module requirements, global data flow eruptions provide the basis for cloud computing, data centre development.
To drive the continued demand for the idc infrastructure, such as mobile Internet, video, network games, object networking, and ai. The annual total global traffic volume of 14.1zb in 2019 is expected to increase the growth of data flows by 2021 to a super-large data centre that will drive 400g light module demand.
According to Cisco's cloud index report, there were 509 super-large data centres worldwide in 2019, occupying the market for near-semi-data centres. As global data flows rise, the data centres move from 100g to higher rates, greater bandwidth, and more.
The upgrading of the data centre structure further boosts the demand for the light module. The data centre structure moves from the traditional "three layers" to "two."
The stratum spinal structure has been transformed and upgraded from a vertical (North-South) flow-based to a horizontal (East-West)-based data centre with an accelerated horizontal expansion within the data centre while meeting its East-West traffic needs, more conducive to the consolidation of data centres, virtualization, super-integration systems and the introduction of new applications.
The construction of a business network for flattening, reducing the cost of deploying and maintaining the switchboard, is a new trend in future data centre development, and brings with it the incremental demand for high-speed light modules.3 Profit forecasting and investment proposals
As the country's 5g base station, data centre construction accelerates, directs the growth of demand for high-speed light module markets, companies accelerate the development of key technology and new products in various fields, and market openings are constantly intensified. We anticipate the emergence of a core supplier of the country's leading light modules and subsystems, mastering the core of high-speed light device encapsulation.
With the massive roll-out of 5g and the rapid development of the data centre market, the light module industry is expected to begin a new high-stakes cycle, with companies pre-positioning and fast breaking through the core technology of the high-speed light module.
Gradually, the performance of the divisional is expected to improve marginally, with the company’s high-speed light module product coming out as a percentage of its output and more high-quality customer imports. Relatively comparable companies have some valuation advantages.
The new crown epidemic creates global corporate business uncertainty; if the overseas epidemic is not effectively controlled in the short term, the company’s overseas business expansion may have an impact and its performance may be delayed. Domestic application and penetration of 5g is less than expected: operators are more influenced by national macro-policies, and operators have capital spending.
Potential for decline, such as delayed deployment of 5g in the country and reduced construction of 5g base stations, will have an impact on the risks of technological upgrading of corporate products: the development of light communication technology imposes higher requirements for equipment performance, technology levels and process quality of light communication, if the company ' s core technology is not upgraded in a timely manner, or if there is a miscalculation of research and development directions, guidance, etc.
There is a risk that R & D products will not be marketable and that corporate products will be replaced.