The mdi demand is expected to warm up gradually, and the mdi will be listed in February. Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) January 30, 2023, afternoon.
At the outset, the Chinese region’s polymer mdi was listed at 17,800 yuan per ton (upgraded in January from the forecast of reheating needs after the meti section, which is expected to stop the fall in prices and gradually rebound).
Procurement, mainly based on centralized stock consumption, currently has a low stock of mdi downstream plants as a whole.
The production of domestic refrigerators fell - 1.68% in the same year - 1.78% in the ring - 1.78% before the festival - the production of refrigerators remains at the bottom of the spectrum. With the downstreamer gradually replenishing mdi banks, the price of mdi is currently being supported, and the price of polymer mdi increased as of 30 January.
Gradual repairs at the end of the project will result in a marginal improvement at the end of the mdi demand, which, while it will take time to release, will require a greater degree of certainty as to the need for warmth, and there will still be room for a gradual rebound in future mdi prices.
. ..the supply end is affected, the market and downstream stock are limited, the subsequent prices are expected to rebound in the near future.
In the long run, apart from the company’s new capacity, there is uncertainty about the timing of the launch of the new production capacity in Shanghai Basf and the late state of Tdi.
Without a new tdi production plan, the global tdi supply pattern will remain stable. With the start of the season, the current market and lower-middle-stream tdi stocks are small, and the future demand is expected to warm back.
In anticipation of the recovery of affected and downstream reservoirs and demand, we believe that the follow-on price of tdi is still at the site of the 1.ethylene II project, and that new energy sources will increase. The company has 30 and 250,000 tons of tdi production at the smoke station and in Hungary, respectively.
Yes, the new 250,000 tonnes of Tdi project in Fujian is expected to be in production by the end of 2023, and the tdi regulation 2.MW: mdi has a low price increase. Electric modelling and integration will continue to maintain the industry ' s leading edge.
3. Short-term demand is under-performing, long-term capacity (1) project construction is not as fast as expected: (2) project approval is not as fast as expected;
(3) The risk of significant price fluctuations for raw materials; The use of legally compliant information, the independent and objective production of the present report, the data and information used in the present report are based on publicly available information on the market, the accuracy or completeness of which I do not provide any assurance, nor any change in the information and recommendations contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.