In the reverse trend, the growth in revenue has continued, with the construction of a global first-class chemical company, the basic chemical industry, the chemical products, still growing in the reverse trend, with short-term cycle fluctuations that do not change the company’s long-term value.
Annual Performance Express Bulletin: Corporate profits fall year-on-year due to high global energy prices, high inflation in Europe and the United States, global economic slowdown and large price increases for raw materials of production factors.
The price of mdi has rebounded significantly since it hit the bottom, and the supply of tdi is expected to remain high. On the mdi side, market prices in mdi in 2022 showed a downward trend. As of the end of December 2022, the price of mdi had fallen.
The market price for China’s polymer mdi is $17173 per tonne, or 12.32% over the same period in 2021. The level of polymer mdi end consumption is weak, domestic demand from downstream households is dominated by the inventory of finished products, and real estate is still in demand.
The price of mdi has now rebounded markedly. On the supply end, part of the supply side, part of the small scale, the cost of the non-optimal device will phase out or maintain long-term parking, with negative growth in global and domestic production capacity.
The petrochemical, precision-chemical industry is expanding steadily and is actively moving into new materials, new energy. The company’s petrochemical operations are continuing to maintain synergies in production and marketing in order to sell the best products and boost efficiency; and fine chemicals, new materials.
The material business has injected the company into development, and several new material focus projects have progressed.
In addition, corporate deployments of nuclear power, photovoltaics, lithium, etc.
The goal is to provide a reliable, advanced and all-China programme for energy innovation. We are firmly convinced that the company will take stock of the three-quarters of the report: q3 as expected.
We expect the company to return to its mother's net profit share in 2022-2024, and we hope that the company will build up a global workforce that will create a strong market for workers.
A “buy-in” rating is maintained for the world’s leading new material production base. Short-term cycle fluctuations do not change the company’s long-term value, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
The impact of the GER, the high inflation rate in Europe and America, the slowdown in the global economy, and the sharp rise in the price of raw materials for the factors of production have been accompanied by a strategy, a rapid response, the full utilization of global channels, and an equal increase in the volume of major products such as polyurethane, petrochemicals, and fine chemicals. It is worth mentioning that in 2022, the company’s po/sm installations, and many others, were sold.
Fine chemical devices continue to be put into production, and assistive companies have increased overall production and sales on an equal basis. Short-term performance weeks have fluctuated without changing the company’s long-term value. In the future, the MCP business will continue to be centred on mdi, tdi, with a focus on enhancing polyether, modified mdi and supporting platform capacity, maintaining a single set of large, low construction costs, etc.
In addition, companies have made progress in strategic planning for new materials, new energy sources, and there are several priority projects. We firmly believe that companies will build up a global industrial giant to become a global first-class chemical material company and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Figure 2: MSCR net profit and acceleration (in billions of yuan, per cent) Polyurethane operations: short-term price volatility is significant and long-term mdi demand will continue to grow steadily
In June and September, market prices stopped rebounding, supported by costs and force majeure from a device overseas; however, following a traditional low-season hold, and low global consumption, the polymer mdi market again entered the downwards route. Prices once fell down by 14,000, making it lower in the year.
Then, in November 2022, as the weather cooled, demand in the North subsided, and end-use levels continued to show a low performance. In November-December, the price of polymer mdi fluctuated slightly between $13500-14100 ton, with more fluctuations in polymer mdi, and, as of February 13, 2023, the summdi diva pm200 bargained for 16,500 ton.
Shanghai goods bargains for $15,800-16,000 per ton, which can be discussed (including tax drums to raise the price), respectively, are weaker and lower downstream business orders are slow to digest; domestic demand is dominated by a stock of home-grown downstream domestic appliances digested finished products, followed up on raw materials according to contract volume; real estate is still in demand, and the downstream construction heating industry is under-released and needs for a full season.
For pure mdi, the current collection of pure mdi Shanghai cargo sources is $18,800-19,200/ton, while the import source is $18,800-19,200/ton (with tax barrels at their own price), which is the same price as last month, last quarter and last year.
On the demand side, on the downstream refrigerators of polymer mdi, according to statistical data, the country produced 86.644,000 refrigerators throughout 2022, a 3.6 per cent drop in the same year.
The overall demand for the exterior walls, pipelines, etc. is flat, except for formaldehyde-free glue. The market for pure mdi downstream, tpu, soles on the soles of shoes, polyurethane primary fluids is growing steadily, and the gradual introduction of ammonia into domestic pure mdi demand increases.
Growth. We see that medium- and long-term mdi supply and demand patterns are still good, and the expansion of non-aldehyde furniture will trigger an increase in mdi demand tdi: the supply of the country is tight and the price of the tdi is expected to continue at the end of the supply end, with a global tdi productive capacity of 3.37 million tons, including 1.32 million tons (39 per cent) in China and 850,000 (25 per cent) in Europe.
Of these, the WCP is 30 + 10 + 250,000 tonnes (Smoke + WCP + Hungarian bc) and the TCP is 150,000 tonnes. The higher barriers to production, combined with the phase-out of some of the world’s tdi old devices, have been negative for domestic production in recent years. According to the news, on 1 February, a facility (about 100,000 tonnes) will be permanently shut down.
In the medium- and long-term, small-scale, low-cost devices will phase out or maintain long-term parking conditions, with negative growth in global and domestic production. As a result of the snowstorm in North America, Cothwright (Texas, USA) tdi, mdi and polyether devices take preventive temporary parking.
At the end of the demand, the “Golden and Silver Four” season is about to begin, and the downstream has been opened up as the central and lower runbacks return. In 2023, as macroeconomic recovery accelerates, it is expected that tdi downstream and terminal consumption as a whole will gradually recover to previous years.
On the export side, since 2020, China’s exports in the tdi city have been strong, the market has been growing both in terms of production and sales, and prices have risen. In 2018-2022, China exported 8.57, 13.90, 25.63, 36.99, and 33.42 million tons of tdi products, respectively.
In recent years, there has been a proliferation of overseas installations of force majeure, stoppages, and increased supply tensions. In 2020-2021, high-impacted by global public health events, climate weather, installation failures, the cost of Japanese tdi installations, the start-up of overseas installations has been affected in recent years, causing tension and instability of supply; and, at the same time, the global economy.
In the first three quarters of 2022, there was a change in the situation, with weaker demand for soft furniture globally and more downward pressure on domestic real estate and weaker demand for tdi globally. However, due to geopolitical conflicts, rising global energy prices and the epidemic,
As a result of repeated fermentation and other effects, some overseas installations have experienced force majeure, stopovers, etc., and the global supply side of the tdi has contracted more than the demand side. In the first half of 2023, the domestic supply side will remain strained. tdi supply and demand gaps are measured as 119, 122, 137, 127 million tonnes in 2018-2021.
Based on the average industry start-up rate of 83% and 81% respectively, we have measured the supply and demand gap of 2022-2023 for tdi (46,000 tonnes of production, or about 3.5% of the country’s tdi capacity (13.3 million tonnes). The tdi start-up rate is now at a high level, while stocks have remained very low for almost two years.
We hope that the prices of the tdi will remain high in the near future. Petrochemicals: the company’s petrochemical business has grown significantly, and continues to build a chain of petrochemical industries.
The project is planned for 2022 to 2025. On December 13, 2022, the Quadro Chemical Proclamation: plans were made to invest $17.6 billion in the construction of 1.2 million tonnes/yearly ethylene and downstream high-end polyolefins.
Thanks to the full-scale production of the million-tonne-grade Great Ethylene Project, the average price of petrochemical products has been warming, and in recent years the company's petrochemical industry has seen significant growth in sales.
(a) The geochemical giant, which has become the world's leading new material production base and maintains a “buy-in” rating.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author