Excellence in business management deepens the global layout, anchors the global industrial giants, and basic chemicals and chemicals continue to grow in reverse, with short-term cycle fluctuations that do not change the company’s long-term value.
Annual Report: Corporate profits fell on a year-on-year basis as a result of high global energy prices, high inflation in Europe and the United States, a slowdown in global economic growth, and a sharp rise in the price of raw materials of the factors of production. In 2022, the public sector continued to be under pressure, but continued to respond quickly and fully in the face of the established strategy.
In addition, the company discovers a gold dividend of $16 (including taxes) per 10 shares to all shareholders.
The prices of mdi have been warming recently, and the new applications of polyurethane materials have continued to be actively explored in Hua. Market prices in 2022 showed a downward trend in mdi. As of the end of December 2022, the market price for China’s polymer mdi was $17173 per ton, 12.32% over the same period in 2021.
End-of-end consumption levels are warming, domestic demand from downstream consumers is dominated by the stock of finished products, real estate is based on old demand, pure mdi is running 3-4% of the liquid load on the base of the lower shoe, and slurry companies are starting to work 3-4%. In 2023, mdi prices have rebounded markedly.
Fostering and exploring new applications of polyurethane: The world’s first continuous production of non-aldehyde plywood, which is largely stable, accelerates the upgrading of downstream industries and has completed the laying of five polyurethane surfaces. Polyurethane, a pilot technology for hard bubble recovery, has been successfully developed, and cooperation with refrigerator tap companies is being advanced.
The petrochemical, precision-chemical industry is expanding steadily and is actively moving into new materials and new energy sources. The company’s petrochemical operations continue to be based on the elimination of best products and on efficiency gains; the fine chemical and new materials industry has injected dynamism into the division’s development.
Volkswagen Chemical (600309.sh) - Growth in Reversibility to build global production; full industrial chain of battery materials and battery chemicals in synchronous progress; nylon 12, silicon 12, Volcano Chemical (600309.sh) - Māori Underperformance of product, Reverse still positive
Autonomous R & D devices such as polypc have been successful in one-off driving; high end polyolefin extension is well under way.
We strongly believe that the company will be made a global first-class chemical material company. The Tri-Quarterly Report Review 600309-2021: q3 meets expectations.
Investment advice: maintain the “buy-in” rating. We expect the company to return to its parent net profit share in 2023-2025, move on to its long-term value, and we firmly hope that the company will build up a global workforce that will create a new production base for the world’s leading materials.
On the evening of March 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, the Mandarin Chemical Disclosure Annual Report 2022: Corporate gains, influenced by high global energy prices, high inflation in Europe and the United States, a slowdown in global economic growth and a sharp rise in the price of raw materials for factors of production.
The company ' s operating costs were $13,132 million (+28.7 per cent), higher than the 13.8 per cent increase in operating income, leading to a 9.7 per cent decline in the Māori rate over a period of 4.7 per cent (+-0.5 percentage points). In addition, the firm ' s rapid response, in accordance with the established strategy, fully exploits the advantages of global channels, achieving polyurethane and petrochemicals.
It is worth mentioning that in 2022, as polyether polyol sales, po/sm installations and multiple sets of fine chemicals have increased, international crude oil and bulk commodity prices have experienced high shocks in 2022, energy and natural gas in terms of global operations.
Short supply inhibits European production and the company’s operations abroad are somewhat hit. However, in a climate of high energy, high inflation, and weakened market demand, bc continues to rationalize production plans, secure installations, secure operations, and stable mdi and tdi installations; by optimizing the distribution of overseas supply chains and the global mix of resources.
In terms of research and development, over the entire year 2022, $3.420 billion was invested in research and development, mainly around the incubation of new operational technologies such as high-end chemical materials and solutions, and emerging materials, focusing on carbon-neutral and related technologies and polyurethane.
Projects such as swimming applications, high-performance materials (12 nylons, special pc, poe, optical level pmma, etc.), new energy storage and battery materials, cmp information materials (electronic materials), separation and purity, etc. Short-term performance cycle fluctuations do not change the company ' s long-term value and, in the future, the HDRO operation will continue to be mdi,
Tdi is at the core, focusing on enhancing polyethers, modifying mdi and supporting platform capabilities, and maintaining core competitiveness on a single scale, low construction costs, and high integration. In addition, corporate strategic planning for new materials, new energy sources, has progressed on several priority projects. We firmly believe that companies will build on globalization.
The polyurethane business: short-term price volatility is significant and long-term mdi demand will continue to grow steadily
In June and September, market prices stopped rebounding, supported by costs and force majeure from a device overseas; however, following a traditional low-season hold, and low global consumption, the polymer mdi market again entered the downwards route. Prices once fell down by 14,000, making it lower in the year.
Subsequently, in November 2022, as the weather cooled, demand from the North subsided, and end-use levels continued to show low performance. In November-December, the price of polymer mdi fluctuated slightly between $13500-14100 ton, with more volatility. Shanghai goods negotiated for $15600-15800 per ton.
Weak, downstream firm orders are slow to digest; domestic demand is dominated by downstream household electricity digesting stocks of finished products, following up on the raw materials as contracted, real estate is still in demand, downstream construction heating pipelines are under-released, and demand for the season has not yet been demonstrated, so raw materials are just being purchased.
On the pure mdi side, as of 20 March 2023, the current pure mdi Shanghai cargo manifest was in the order of $19,000-19,500 per ton, and the imported source manifest was in the range of $19,000-19,500 per ton (with a tax barrel at its own price). The price was higher than last month, the raw liquid plant at the bottom of the shoe was in the order of 3-4 per cent, and the production delivery order was dominated by the plant, gradually increasing its raw material consumption capacity.
Il. Downstream slurry is running at 30% of the overall load, slurry plant loads are slowly increasing, and the end-synthesizing market is still in place. Figure 5: Changes in prices and price differentials for corporate aggregate mdi. Figure 6: Changes in prices and price differentials for corporate pure mdi.
On the demand side, with regard to the downstream refrigerators of the polymer mdi, the statistics show that, throughout the year 2022, 86.644 million refrigerators were used throughout the country, a 3.6 per cent decline over the same period. In addition, the overall demand for the exterior walls, pipelines, etc., is low, except for formaldehyde sheet glue.
The market for tpu, soles of shoes and polyurethane is growing steadily, and the gradual introduction of ammonia into domestic pure mdi demand increases. From a long-term perspective, covestro data show global mdi growth in the last 10 years. We see that medium- and long-term mdi supply and demand patterns are still good, and that the expansion of non-alcohyde furniture will trigger an increase in mdi demand.
On December 22, 2022, Huanhua Fujian achieved a single successful driving of 400,000 tonnes/year of mdi devices and its production was smooth. As a result, the company ' s mdi capacity increased to 3.05 million tons. In 2022, Huanhua achieved a different course for mdi, tdi, hdi, etc.
In recent years, in the area of emerging applications, the HDRO chemical has continued to cultivate and explore new applications of polyurethane: the world’s first chain of re-entry and basic stability, accelerated downstream industrial transformation and upgrading, and completed five polyurethane surfaces.
Construction; successful development of test technology in polyurethane hard bubble recycling and ongoing work with refrigerator taps. Pulsification business: company petrochemical operations continue to build a cluster of petrochemical industries with significant growth in sales.
The project is planned for 2022 to 2025. On December 13, 2022, the Quadro Chemical Proclamation: plans were made to invest $17.6 billion in the construction of 1.2 million tonnes/yearly ethylene and downstream high-end polyolefins.
Over the last two years, thanks to the full-scale production of the million-ton-grade Great Ethylene Project and the warming of the average price of petrochemical products, there has been a significant increase in the volume of public petrochemical production in recent years. According to the company's strategy, petrochemical phase I products continue to stifle through structural optimization, entrenching the industry's head-supplier status, and co-ordinated internal research and marketing of petrochemical phase II products, constantly upgrading product development and production.
In 2022, the Van Hung Lai project began its work. We thought that the company would continue its lpg/sythylene business model and gradually become a cluster of major petrochemical industries.
In 2022, the company (1) Functional Chemicals Industry Department: the dodi business seized the opportunity to expand its market share and continuously expand its strategic global client share. (2) The surface material industry department, with its record sales of water resin, is leading the industry in a number of areas such as car interior embellishment, shoe glue, suction plastics, wood paint, high-end industrial paint, high-end construction materials, etc. (3) the new materials industry sector
On the other hand, the company has achieved a sustained increase in total sales of tpu, with a breakthrough in key technology and continuous volume production of tpu clothing products. The high-performance conglomerates sector has achieved an increase in sales revenue, and the net pc market share of the country has entered the first three years, making it the country’s first company with a high silicon content pc, with a significant increase in its overseas export operations for the fourth year in a row.
Investment advice: maintain the “buy-in” rating. We expect that the net return profits of the company in 2023-2025 will, respectively, build up the global workforce, become the world’s leading new material production base, with short-term performance fluctuations and corporate values.
Production base, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Schedule: Financial forecasting and valuation. Author's assurance that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author