On March 21st, the company released its 2022nd annual report.
\triangleright's new material business is showing a bright performance and profitability is rising against the market.
The products represented by hdi, pc, pmma, tpu, after many years of cultivation, have continued to increase in city occupancy, have continued to optimize the product structure and, although the current harvest is small, have a low upstream business profile.
During the period, it gradually assumed the important role of smoothing upstream fluctuations. The mdi business climate recovered and the polyether was sold in millions.
At the end of the spring, demand in industries such as the refrigerator freezer has recovered and, as the average price of 23q1 products has returned, for the first time a million tons of annual sales have been made, and the market share of a number of broken industries has been achieved, and it is expected that the petrochemical business will continue to be protected this year by the industry’s downfall, with the prospect of a rebound at the bottom. The petrochemical business has a strong cyclical character for 22 years.
1. In-depth study of vessel chemistry (600309.sh): from single wheel \triangleright to construction of Quadros 2022/11/16
In a low industry-wide landscape, the company assessed the event with 1 million tonnes of ethylene/year and 750,000 tonnes/year of propane dehydration: ethylene as the source, with an integrated production chain layout, a relative cost advantage in the industry and a resource advantage for lpg.
The average Māori rate of company petrochemicals fell to 3.74 per cent in 22 years, and we expect the profit from petrochemicals to be at a low level, based on a high degree of pressure based on industry-wide cost.
With a capital expenditure plan of over $60 billion, one of the highest investment intensity in history, the Division is expected to start a new stage in the production of a large number of projects, such as the 4 million-watt chemical (600309.sh) semi-annual year 2022, Poe, ethylene II and Penglai projects.
Performance rating: six months net profit break, fine chemicals and new investment proposals: company polyurethane and petrochemical operations are expected to bounce back at the bottom, new materials and fine chemicals industries continue to increase profitability, and a large number of ongoing projects will be launched in 24 years.
Longitude, with a “recommended” rating. The company's net return profit for 2023-2025 was $19.925 billion, respectively, resulting in a deterioration of the supply-side pattern;3 the construction of new projects was not as fast as expected.3 The methodology and analytical logic led to the conclusions of the study, an independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and observations. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.