New materials are growing rapidly, multiple projects are contributing to future development Polyurethane (PUR) is expanding in reverse, and industry has gained a prominent advantage. Corporate polyurethane (PUR) achieved $62,896 million in 2022, an increase of 3.97 per cent and sales of 4.180,000 tons, an increase of 7.44 per cent.
For the first time, the annual sales of polyether have broken out by millions of tons. According to the Mobil statistics, in 2022, the conglomerates mdi, the pure mdi market were valued at $1708.76, 20639.76, the same ratio was reduced by 13.98 per cent, 7.45 per cent, and the polyurethane industry was affected by weak demand, and the climate of the polyurethane industry declined.
Polyether polyol production has expanded steadily, city occupancy rates have continued to rise, and in the future, as downstream demand recovers, fine chemicals and new materials have performed well. In 2022, company sales of fine chemicals and new materials amounted to 950,000 tons, an increase of 24.52 per cent, yielding $20.124 billion, an increase of 30.14 per cent, Māori.
Material products continue to grow in volume, and autonomous R & D devices such as nylon12 and silicon polypc have been successfully launched once. High-end product matrices have been enriched, and new material operations are expected to continue to grow at a high rate.
The installation was completed, with an additional 950,000 tons of capacity and 400,000 tons of capacity added to the Fujian Industrial Park, and currently, the high-end fine chemical and new materials integration manufacturing base of the Wanhua Penglai Industrial Park is in its substantive construction phase, with 1.2 million tonnes/year of ethylene II and downstream high-end polyolefins.
Construction is on schedule, new projects are on schedule, smoke stations, Ningbo, Sichuan, Fujian, Penglai, Hungary, more flowers, polyurethane, petrochemicals, fine chemicals, new and emerging materials, four clusters of industries are developing in synergy, internationalization and deep industrial chain integration will drive the public.
The Division's performance has been sustained and efficient, and the industry's leadership against risk has highlighted the fact that corporate performance as a whole is in line with expectations, while the product structure has been optimized, new material operations have grown significantly, construction is proceeding in an orderly manner and long-term growth is sustainable.
The project has not progressed as expected, crude oil and lpg prices have fluctuated significantly, and the global economy has not grown as fast as expected.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy operations Basic chemicals: chemical products