The performance is largely in line with expectations, and we're looking forward to the continued development of the Quantico Chemical (600309) 2022 performance review.
q4 demand is weak, and performance is down. In 2022, the company p0/sm installation, multiple sets of fine chemicals were put into production, production devices were operated efficiently, market-level global energy, polyurethane, petrochemicals, and fine chemicals, among other major products, increased as compared to sales. But it was subject to global prices for large quantities of raw materials, energy sources, etc.
As a result of the sharp rise in the cost of corporate products, which was higher than income growth, in 2022 the company ' s four quarters of performance was under pressure, driven mainly by weak domestic and foreign demand, and we believe that with our real estate support policy, real estate and home-based electricity are on the market.
The company plans to build a high-end polyolefin project to further improve competitiveness. The company plans to implement phase II of the ethylene plant and to build 1.2 million tonnes of ethylene/year and downstream high-end polyethylene project.
Industrialization of high-end polyolefin products, such as poe, non-differentiated specials. The planning project covers approximately 1215 acres and consists mainly of construction of 1.2 million tonnes/year ethylene fission units, 250,000 tonnes/year low-density polyethylene (ldpe), 2 x 200,000 tonnes/year polyolefin elastomers (poe), 200,000 tonnes/year
The project plans to invest RMB 17.6 billion in the form of self-financing and a bank loan portfolio.
The project has been approved by the Shandong Provincial Development and Reform Commission and is expected to start in October 2024, while the country’s macroeconomic recovery is expected to take place gradually after the outbreak, leading to a better outcome for the company’s products. The company now forms a deeply integrated polyurethane, petrochemicals, fine chemicals, and new ones.
By continuously increasing technological innovation, expanding the industrial chain, and expanding production of high-end products, companies will further strengthen their position and achieve sustained development. Companies are expected to lead to less than expected export risks; domestic macroeconomic recovery is less than expected; raw material prices
High risk; increased risk from industry competition; less than expected risk from proposed projects; occurrence of force majeure events, such as natural or man-made disasters.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a professional manner and with due diligence, and with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it to issue them.