The mdi supply and demand pattern is good, with the March mdi mark-up in HDW Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) pure mdi roll-out price of $24,500 per ton (an increase of $2,000 per ton over the February price).
..mdi supply ends affected, good mdi prices are up, mdi manufacturers have been overhauled globally recently, mdi starts down. At the domestic level, the M.W., the 800,000 tonnes/year mdi device, the 400,000 tonnes/year mdi device in Basf Chongqing are in place.
On February 24, Chongqing City was hit by an explosion in a storage tank on the North Road, and Chongqing was used as Bassfe by Tianhui Chlor-alkali Chemical Co. Ltd., a chemical company in the Longevity Zone.
Chongqing liquid chlor-alkali supplier, possibly caused by the explosion to delay the start-up of Chongqing Basv. According to Hakawa, the rate of start-up in the domestic mdi industry had fallen to 52.38% as at 24 February, a change from February 3 to 17.22 pt. Overseas, Koth, Germany, had 200,000 tons of mdi.
The device is still in the process of being stopped due to electrolysis damage received to the current device, and the 650,000 tons mdi device in Basve Belgium is currently operating at low capacity and is scheduled to be repaired and maintained in early March, and is expected to be restarted in late March. The Hensley 470,000 tons/year mdi device in the Netherlands is in a state of rotation.
Of these, 350,000 tonnes/year installations began in mid-February and are expected to be completed between mid-March and mid-April. An additional 120,000 tonnes/year device was subsequently overhauled, but had no driving plans for a short period of time, pending a determination of the driving time when it needed to be restored.
RMB/tonne, weekly increase of 2.73%, followed by price of mdi, which is still supported.
The stock is mostly higher than in the previous period, but it will take time to repair it. The ammonia sector has started with high loads, which remain close to 7-80%, tpu is now in need of gradual repair, terminal markets are in operation, demand has increased, and there is still further progress to be made over the past year.
Power. In December 2022, a total of 7.451 million domestic refrigerators were produced, with a decline in the ring ratio - 1.78 per cent, still in the bottom zone, and the need for improvement still needed time; the external heating pipeline resumed work in 2023 as the climate warms.
The downstream demand is more certain, the short-term impact of the mdi supply and the ensuing spring experience, plus the gradual rehabilitation of the site completion project, and there is still room for a gradual rebound at the future mdi price hub.
3. MFW chemistry: mdi has a small downward price of 20, 15 and 12 times the price, respectively. Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating. (1) Project construction progress is less than expected;
(2) Project approval is not as fast as expected; (3) risk of significant price fluctuations in raw materials; and
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.