In 2022, the company polyurethane series and petrochemical system became operational as polyether polyol sales were upgraded, po/sm devices and a variety of fine chemical devices became operational.
At the same time, as a result of rising global prices of raw materials and energy, the cost of products has increased mdi, tdi export rings have improved and domestic home construction has increased at a positive rate.
The price of pure mdi/tdi was +7.50 per cent/+9.30 per cent/-4.89 per cent, respectively, at the end of last year. On the export side, according to the data of Kichon Yorku, in January-February 2023, the volume of exports of our polymer mdi was equal to +10.40 per cent, the rate of growth in the completion of our houses is positive, and the demand for mdi and tdi is expected to continue at the end of the construction and after-cycle.
Investment in high-end polyolefins projects to further enhance competitiveness. The company plans to implement phase II of the ethylene plant in the smoke station industrial park, to build 1.2 million tons of ethylene/yearly and downstream high-end polyolefins projects, and to industrialize autonomously developed high-end polyolefin products, such as poe, differentials, etc.
Approximately 1215 acres, mainly 1.2 million tonnes/year ethylene fission device, 250,000 tonnes/year low-density polyethylene (ldpe) device, 2 x 200,000 tonnes/year polyolefin elastomer (poe), 200,000 tonnes/year butadiene device, 550,000 tonnes/year crack gasoline for hydrogen (containing 30,000 tonnes/year styrene extract),
The project plans to invest 17.6 billion yuan yuan in building funds in the form of self-financing and a bank loan portfolio. The project has been approved by the Provincial Development and Reform Committee in Shandong and is expected to start in October 2024.
The company has now formed three deep-integrated clusters of polyurethane, petrochemicals, fine chemicals, and new materials. Through sustained technological innovation, continuous extension of the industrial chain, and expansion of the high level, the company will be able to develop its own products.
In the production of end-of-life products, firms are expected to take a further lead in sustained growth. Companies are expected to lead to less than expected export risks; domestic macroeconomic recovery is less than expected; prices of raw materials are at high risk; industry competition increases risks; and force majeure events such as natural and man-made disasters occur.
“Positive” investors are only suitable for the use of “middle- and high-risk” studies, and “radical” investors are suitable for the use of the various categories of our Department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is not regulated by their respective business departments, issuers, listed companies, and funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report and have not used the publication.