The Tibetan Mining Company (000408.sz) reported in mid-2023 that, in 2023, H1 achieved operating income of 2,796 million yuan, a decrease of 20.33 per cent in the same year, and that the net return to the mother was 2,026 million yuan in the same amount.
The company ' s net profit ratio for the second quarter of the year was improved. It was calculated that 2023q2 company earned 1,422 million yuan, or 36.06 per cent, of its operating income, compared to the sales of the company ' s potassium chloride operations and lithium carbonate operations in the first half of 2023.
An increase of 19.35 per cent and 1.21 per cent over the same period, but the fall in the price of potassium potassium resulted in an average sale price (including taxes) of $3082.98 per ton for public potassium products, which is rich in potassium lithium resources and has a high potential for future exploitation.
The company has 724.35 square kilometres of mining rights in Salt Lake Qing Hai Qar Khan, along with the Black North Potassium Salt, the Qin Shilsan Potsal Mine, the Little Liang Mountain - the Great Wind Mountain Area, the deep halogen potassium salt mines, the eastern part of which have detailed prospecting rights and mine rights amounting to 1,400 square metres.
In addition, the company indirectly holds 24 per cent of the shares of the MMA through its participation in the TWF, the MMA company owns the MMA Lake, the area of the mine is 10,000 tons, and the equivalent of 2,777 tons of lithium carbonate.
With regard to offshore distribution, the company has signed an agreement with the Lao Government for the exploration of potassium salt, which has a concession area of up to 400 square kilometres and a projected storage of up to 600 million per kilogram of potassium resources.
In July of that year, a review was received, and the profits from the investment in the dragon copper industry are now on track.
To be expanded to 150,000 tonnes/day, 150 000 tonnes/day planned for disposal of ore in 2023, and production in 2nd quarter of 2025, 350,000 tonnes/day for ore and 300,000-350,000 tonnes/year for copper production.
The growth in production and sales in the industry, and the company’s return on investment in the future. Lithium production is expected to increase further, as well as the continued growth of the financial investment company’s dragon copper industry, which is expected to result in steady growth in the company’s performance.
1) Overexpected global production of lithium salt lakes and lithium mines; 2) lower demand for lithium batteries than expected; 3) slower than expected mining of corporate salt lakes; 4) presentation of new materials for financial investment in the dragon copper industry
Maestro, Business Strategy and six years of new energy research experience: Duffy: a member of the Central Carbon Research Group, Bachelor of Science, Nakayama University, Master of Science, Chinese University of Hong Kong, three years of major commodity research experience, responsible for research on colour and new materials.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.