The company's in-depth report ..the green utility industry, the new energy source for power generation, the offshore windhead, the tri-gorge energy source (600905.sz)
New energy operators are expected to benefit from a full-cost dividend. The “double-carbon” target accelerates the energy transition, and the country's wind power, photovoltage, will reach 525gw and 643gw.22-25 years of wind power, respectively.
The green power price is 6-7 points above the base price for coal power, based on the 2022 electricity market results published by Guangdong and Jiangsu.
By the end of 2021, the company had a combined installed capacity of 22.9gw, a 47% increase from the installed capacity at the end of 2020.
The company achieved a net profit of $5,067 million in 21 years, driven by the same ratio, and its performance in recent years has been impressive. With the transformation of the host group, the sea winds had a clear pre-eminence.
According to the Department's overall development plan, the size of the additional aircraft will increase steadily over the course of the 14th century, and the total capacity of the aircraft at the end of the 14th century will be 50gw, compared to 22.9gw at the end of 2021.
There is more than one-fold scope for growth; there is a clear preponderance of corporate wind, which was launched at the end of 2021 at 4.57gw, the size of which ranks first in the industry, and the development patterns of the concentrated cluster.
The advantages are clear, the conglomerates are scalded and developed, and the offshore wind leads are in a position of relative depth of 300, which is expected to be further strengthened. On the basis of these considerations, we believe that companies have a strong competitive advantage and should enjoy one.
The value premium is set, and the current recommended rating is maintained. [Galactic Environmental Public Use] Company evaluates the energy of the three isthmus (600905).
The risk that renewable energy subsidies will not be disbursed in a timely manner; the risk of upstream raw materials, component price increases. Drivers, key assumptions and major projections: In March 2022, the National Development and Reform Commission and the National Energy Authority jointly issued the 14th Five-Year Plan for a Modern Energy System.
According to the Regulations, the size of our wind and power aggregates will reach 525 million kilowatts in 2025, and the size of our photovoltaics will reach 643 million kilowatts.
By the end of 2021, the total installed capacity of the company was 22.9gw, an increase of 47 per cent over its installed capacity at the end of 2020.In the middle, the wind installed machine was 14.27gw (including 9.7gw on land and 4.57gw on sea), an increase of 61 per cent compared to the end of 2020; Solar installed power was 8.41gw, an increase of 29 per cent compared to the end of 2020.
The company, as the new energy arm of the Tri-Frigor Group, assumes the group’s transformational responsibilities and the 1455-loading has increased in size with certainty. According to the company’s overall development plan, the size of the new installed aircraft will increase steadily each year during the 1455s, aiming for a total of 1455s.
The size reached 50gw, with more than one times the size of the 22.9gw installed at the end of 2021; the preponderance of the corporate wind was clear, with a sea wind of 4.57gw, ranked first in the industry at the end of 2021, with a concentrated cluster development pattern.
In view of these considerations, we believe that the competitive edge of companies should enjoy a certain value premium, and that the current “recommended” rating is maintained. The 14th Five-Year Energy Plan is published: new energy loading plans are up; the prices of upstream raw materials, spare parts and accessories are down; and the associated stocks are down.
Risks of changes in industrial policies; delays in project construction; risks of delays in the issuance of renewable energy subsidies: upstream raw materials, higher prices of spare parts.
(i) New energy generation poles, new power generation poles, under the banner of the Three Gorges Group. The company was established in 1985 as China Water Industries Development Corporation, and the company was replaced in 1999 by the company's new energy operator.
Transferred to the State Council. In 2008, with the approval of the State Treasury Committee of the State Council, the company and the General Company of the Three Gorges were reorganized into its full-fledged Public Division. In 2019, it was changed to S.A., with the name changed to China's Three Gorges New Energy (G) Ltd. The company focused on the area of new energy generation, actively developing wind and wind power with the objective of “The Winding Three Gorges” and “The Ocean Wind Leaders” as strategic objectives.
PV projects are accompanied by the stabilization of small- and medium-scale hydropower operations, which are among the leading players in the new energy generation sector. As the main implementers of the new energy business strategy of the tri-false group, companies now cover 30 provinces and districts of the country, and are located in the first echelons of new energy enterprises in the country, with full capacity for power generation, operation, etc.
By the end of the first quarter of 2022, the tri-gorge group held 48.92% of the company's shares directly, 3.49% indirectly through tri-gorge capital, with a combined share of 52.41% in real control of the company, so that the tri-gorge group had a voice in major decisions such as the company's business guidelines, strategy development, etc. In addition, the tri-gorge group acted as a company.
And the world’s largest hydroelectric development operators and our largest clean energy consortium have the advantage of positioning and directing the development agents of the new energy future to ensure long-term corporate development. (ii) The 21-year build-up is 47 per cent higher than the growth rate, leading to a two-fold increase in net revenue.
In recent years, in the field of new energy generation, the company has grown rapidly. By the end of 2021, it had a cumulative installed capacity of 22,896,000 kilowatts, a 47 per cent increase over its installed capacity at the end of 2020.
In the case of kWh, an increase of 42.5 per cent over the same period in the previous year was due mainly to the introduction of new projects to generate electricity, the same increase in total installed capacity, etc. In the case of wind power generation, 22,889 million kWh in the middle, an increase of 44.70 per cent over the same period in the previous year, of which wind power on land, 194.8 million kWh, an increase of 46.09 per cent over the same period in the previous year, and wind on the sea, 3,331 million kWh in the same year.
This period increased by 36.97 per cent; solar power generation reached 9,499 million kWh, an increase of 42.91 per cent over the same period in the previous year; hydroelectric power generation reached 781 million kWh, a decrease of 2.98 per cent compared to the same period in the previous year. The company’s new energy loading was steadily expanding, generating much more electricity, being affected by the expansion of the load, and generating more revenue. In 2021, the company achieved operating revenues of $15,484 million (the same amount).
+36.85 per cent compared to +36.85 per cent compared to +56.42 million yuan net profit on return (+56.26 per cent for the same year); $5.067 billion net profit on non-repatriation (+45.53 per cent for the same year); $5.789 billion (+51.84 per cent for q1. companies in 2022 compared to +1.84 per cent) net profit on return; $2,264 million (+51.45 per cent for the same year); $2,264 million net profit on non-repatriation (+52.29 per cent for the same year) in new energy installations.
The company’s performance in recent years has been impressive, driven by a rapid expansion in the size of the machine, the generation of electricity and the growth of electricity on the Internet. Voltaic power and small and medium-sized hydropower operations, among others.
Chang, corporate wind, PV dominance, expected future wind, and PV will continue to safeguard the company ' s long-term performance. Figure 8: Continued increase in profitability of the three isthmus energy operations (iii) in 2021, with accelerated recovery of new energy subsidies expected
In the first quarter of 2022, the company ' s Māori rate reached 67.22% and continued to grow. The increase in Māori rate was due mainly to the company ' s new energy generation project, which increased in terms of revenue, while there was room for further increases in the company ' s combined Māori rate as the high Māori sea wind industry developed rapidly. Moreover, as the country gradually addressed the problem of new energy consumption, the rate of drop-out in the provinces and cities fell year after year, with wind and wind power as a whole.
The Māori rate of the PV plate has also increased year by year, with a steady drop in the cost rate and a higher proportion of the financial cost. In the first quarter of 2022, the company had a 23.14 per cent lifetime cost, of which the lower financial cost rate in 2018 was mainly due to the introduction of strategic investors, using part of the collection to repay some of the higher interest rates.
The size of the loans has remained generally stable, and the corporate financial cost rates have remained stable for the years 2019 and 2020. Companies are directly connected to local grid companies for the sale of electricity products, which do not involve the chain of sale, and therefore have little cost of selling.
The asset-liability ratio has risen and the operating cash flow has performed better. Corporate assets and liabilities were 64.73% in 2021, up from year to year. Over the last three years, the size of the liabilities has increased as the size of the company ' s assets and the investment in construction has increased, and the ratio of assets and liabilities has continued to rise.
According to the company’s annual report, the company’s accounts receivable at the end of 2021 amounted to $18,971 million, of which $18,173 million represented the accounts receivable.
In the last two years, the company’s capacity for new energy and power generation has increased rapidly, the volume of receivables has increased as revenue from electricity generation has increased, and the longer renewable energy subsidy cycle has reduced the company’s turnover rate. In March 22, the Ministry of Finance issued a draft central and local budget for 2022, which proposes to facilitate the resolution of the financing gap for renewable energy subsidies.
According to the Central Government Fund Expenditure Budget Table 2022 issued by the Ministry of Finance, “central-level expenditure” in “other government-funded expenditure” this year amounted to $452.8 billion, an increase of $360 billion over the previous year, increasing central expenditure, partly or partly to address the arrears of new energy subsidies. With stock subsidies being phased out, cash flows for new energy projects are expected to increase significantly, leading to new energy projects.
The 14th Five-Year Energy Plan was launched, contributing to the rapid growth of green power (i) under the two-carbon goal, wind power and photovoltaics will be launched to provide rapid growth, and the 14th Five-Year Energy Plan will be launched as an active catalyst for energy structural transformation.
For the electricity sector, quantitative targets have been set in terms of total installed capacity, the weight of non-fossil energy generation, the annual electricity per capita, and the adaptation of coal power units.
Since 2020, we have been strengthening the top layers of the green transformation of our economy, creating a sound policy environment for electrification development, which has moved into a new phase driven by green low-carbon power supply, power generation for end-use consumption, and technological innovation and institutional reform.
According to the plan, by 2025, the country’s power supply will be 30% more important than its end-use. To the right, the country has great potential for a future transformation from power-based electrification.
In the year 2025, the total capacity of the non-fossil energy plant reached about 3 billion kilowatts, with an increase of 13.4 per cent, or 47 per cent of total installed capacity, or 2.3 percentage points, exceeding the proportion of coal power units for the first time in history.
According to the above data, the combined installed capacity of wind power and light voltage is expected to reach around 1.1 billion kW in 2025, and the installed capacity of non-fossil energy sources will exceed 50% of the total installed capacity. Under the “double carbon” objective, the power development power has shifted from traditional coal to new energy sources.
There is still room for upgrading the number of new energy hours. In 2021, the national electricity generation facility used 3817 hours, an increase of 60 hours from the same year. Of these, utilities used 3622 hours, 7802 hours of nuclear power, 2232 hours of net wind power, 1281 hours of solar power and 4448 hours of electric power.
Wind power and light-voltage use hours are likely to be lower than 2021. For wind power, given the better wind situation in 2021 and the higher number of wind-use hours, the following year may not be able to continue the 2021 wind-eating situation, but with the increase in the size of offshore wind-loaders with high-utilization hours, the projected combined wind-use hours in 2025 are expected to be around 2200 hours; for light-voltage, with the distribution of light voltage
The increase in the size of the installed power generation, the average number of hours spent on photovoltaic power as a whole is expected to fluctuate slightly, and the number of hours spent on grid-based photovoltaic power generation is expected to be around 1300 in 2025. There are active local incentives to increase the construction and consumption of renewable energy sources.
The Cost Intensity and Total Double Control Programme, which explicitly mentions that for areas that meet the burden of incentive renewable energy power consumption in the region, the level of disbursal above the minimum line is not taken into account in the region's total annual and five-year planned energy consumption. The Central Economic Work Session held in December 21 proposed that “new renewable energy and raw materials can be used without energy”.
For local governments and industrial enterprises, new renewable energy projects and increased renewable energy consumption will not take up the region’s energy consumption targets, and the level of acceptance of new energy sources will be significantly higher. Under policy guarantees, new energy efficiency will be maintained.
In a document issued by the National Energy Agency, it is stated that the provinces (districts, regions) are required to establish a multi-faceted system of safeguards, such as secure access, market access and so on.