Windlight leads, offshore wind leads Investment rating: buy-in (first time) • back-to-back with the tri-gorge group, building world-class new energy companies.
As the strategic implementer of the new energy business of the tri-fon group, the company has made significant efforts to develop new energy generation, mainly wind, solar energy development, investment and operation, with a small- and medium-scale hydropower component for nearly 12 months
It has become a mutually supportive business landscape of wind power, solar energy, storage energy, strategic investments, and so on. The number of installed machines is 37%, and the operations cover the country’s 30 provinces, with the size, profitability, etc. all joining the first echelons of new energy enterprises in the country.
• Windlight co-development, with a sustained high performance: 61 per cent increase in comparison, accounting for 4.34 per cent of the country's market share in the wind power industry, and 1.2 percentage points higher in comparison; photovoltaic power generation, with a cumulative installed capacity of 8.4gw, increased by 29 per cent in comparison with the national solar system
2.74 per cent of the market share of the power-generating sector, an increase of 0.2 percentage points over the same period. The company ' s operating income and profits increased significantly in 2021, benefiting from the introduction of new company projects into electricity generation, the rapid increase in the size of wind and light units and the positive increase in investment in the industrial chain.
• Centralized chain layout, leading the offshore wind power company, which insists on the strategic objective of “the leader of the offshore wind power” and which has a clear pre-emptive advantage. By the end of 2021, the company's offshore wind power project had a cumulative capacity of 4.6gw, and the offshore wind code.
The model represents 17.3% of the total size of the nation's offshore wind-loading units and is among the highest in the country. The five “millions of kilowatt” offshore wind-power bases in Guangdong, Fujian and Jiangsu are already in size and are being developed on a centralized scale.
• Project planning is clear and performance growth is high during the “14th Five” period, the Three Gorges Group plans to achieve new energy loadings of 70~80gw, as a key strategic implementer of the Group's new energy source operations, and the Company plans to achieve no less than 5gw per year during the “14th Five” period
The number of new installed aircraft has remained stable, and the planned size of the construction-in-progress project reached 11.1gw in 2021, with wind and power in the pipeline project 5.0gw and photovoltaic project 6.0gw, the size of which is at the forefront of the new energy operators.
2022q1, the company has started construction of the offshore wind and power project 3.3 million kilowatts, with a definite incremental push for the company, taking into account the company's vast project resources, the expected continued rapid growth in installed capacity during the “145” period, the risk of changes in industrial policy; the risk of capital and liquidity; the risk of investment decisions; and the demand for electricity markets.
In 1985, the company's predecessor, China Water Industries Development Corporation, was established as a direct subsidiary of the Ministry of Water, mainly from China.
At the end of 2008, the company was incorporated into the tri-gorge group as a fully-owned subsidiary of the tri-gorge group in China, and in 2019 the company completed the ownership reform, changing it to China ' s tri-gorge new energy company, Inc. In June 2021, the company officially entered the market, making it the largest ipo in China ' s electricity history.
Chart 1 has developed its course. The company is committed to the development of wind power on land, photovoltaic power, and sea wind power. As a strategic implementer of the new energy business of the Tri-Firth Group, the company has vigorously developed its new energy generation business, which is mainly for wind, solar energy development, investment.
It also operates small- and medium-sized hydropower and is active in pumping, new storage, hydrogen, and photovoltaic industries, which essentially form a mutually supportive and synergetic business landscape of wind power, solar energy, storage, strategic investment, etc. The former company ' s wind and photovoltaic operations accounted for approximately 6:4 per cent of the total, 42 per cent of the land wind and 20 per cent of the sea wind and light voltage.
With 37 per cent of the power installed, the company's operations cover the country's 30 provinces, with the size, profitability, etc. all joining the first echelons of new energy enterprises in the country.
The tri-gorge group is the real owner of the company, holding 49% of the company ' s shares directly and 3.49% indirectly through the tri-gorge capital, holding 52.49% of the shares in total. The capital of the capital is owned by 3.49% of the company ' s shares, of which the capital of the capital, the capital of the tri-gorge, and the electricity and water advisory are all state-owned shareholders.
With the support of major shareholder resources, the Group, the world’s largest utility development operator and the country’s largest clean energy consortium, is expected to continue to develop its leading role in new energy sources in the tri-gorges.
In 2017-2021, the company installed a capacity of 757,000, 1426.9 kilowatts, an increase of 61% from the same year in 2020, accounting for 4.34% of the market share of the country's wind power industry.
This is a 1.2 percentage point increase; the cumulative installed capacity of photovoltaic power generation is 841.2 million kW, an increase of 29 per cent in the same year, representing 2.7 per cent of the country’s market share in the solar power sector, an increase of 0.2 percentage points in the same year.
In 2021, during the "boom surge" of offshore wind power, the company installed 3.237 million kW in marine wind power, accounting for 19.15 per cent of the national market, with a cumulative capacity of 457.50 kW, accounting for 17.3 per cent of the national market, an increase of 2.5 percentage points in the same year, and the size of the offshore wind power plant, which is in the forefront of the industry.
During the Fourteenth Five-Year Plan of the Three Gorges Group to achieve a new energy loading 70-80gw, as a key strategic implementer of the Group's new energy business, the Company plans to achieve an annual addition of no less than 5gw during the Fourteenth Five-Year Plan, and to maintain a steady growth trend in keeping with national and local policy requirements for a balanced development of offshore wind power and wind power on land
The power generation capacity has been steadily increased, with the average number of hours used being among the highest in the country. The company’s wind power, photovoltaic use, has been steadily increasing by 2314 hours, an increase of 77 hours compared to the previous year, exceeding the national average of 68 hours. In recent years, the company’s wind power equipment has continued to improve on average, with the company’s offshore wind power units increasing significantly.
The average number of hours available for wind power equipment is Figure 7 and the average number of hours available for wind power equipment across the country
Thanks to the expansion of installed machines and the increase in the number of light-voltage hours used by wind power generation, there was a significant increase in the volume of electricity generated by companies. In 2017-2021, the volume of wind-powered electricity generated by companies grew from 9.23 billion kW to 22.890 billion kW, with annual compound growth rates rising to 9.50 billion kW, with annual composite growth rates of 26.6 per cent, and the market share in the national photovoltaic sector grew from 2.5 per cent to 2.5 per cent.
The company’s main business indicators continued to increase, with the company’s growth in installed capacity, power generation efficiency, and online power generation. From 2018 to 2021, the company’s operating income grew from $7.38 billion to $15.48 billion, a compound annual increase.
The annual growth in corporate income and profits from the introduction of new projects to generate electricity, the rapid increase in the size of wind and wind turbines and the recognition of investment gains in the industrial chain has increased significantly, with the same net profits on corporate revenue and homecoming in 2021 growing by 36.9 per cent and 56.3 per cent, respectively.
Revenues from wind and wind operations were $5.48 billion, $7.13 billion and $10.68 billion, representing an annual compound increase of 22.5 per cent, accounting for 61.3 per cent, 63.1 per cent and 65.02 per cent of total revenues, respectively; revenues from photovoltaic operations were $3.32 billion and $3.93 billion, respectively, exceeding 97 per cent, while revenues from small and medium-sized hydropower operations were lower and the operations decreased steadily.
At this point, the Māori rate for wind power is much higher than for small and medium-sized hydropower and wind power manufacturing. The rapid rise in wind power, the year-on-year decline in the rate of drop-out, and the optimization of unit costs for wind power have led to higher corporate profitability.
The overall Māori ratio of the Division is expected to continue to rise.2 The new energy sector is rapidly developing, the sea wind and wind is expected to be more concentrated in 2.1 industries, and the competitive advantage of the large conglomerates is relatively clear
New energy generation is a capital-intensive industry, with relatively high technical and financial barriers, and there is a relatively strong competitive advantage for large Chinese and Chinese companies. At present, China’s Hua-eun, China-Dang, China-emitting power, China-emitting power, and the National Energy Group remain the main players in the market for power generation as the five immediate central power-generating groups and dominate the market; other countries are integrated.
The participation of energy and private enterprises has gradually increased in recent years, the electricity sector has evolved into five or six small competition patterns, market competition has intensified, the industry as a whole is diversified and competitive, and resource access is expected to increase its concentration further in an era of parity.
Competition for high-quality resources forms a major part of competition for new energy industries. Price parity, the promotion of competitive projects, the development of new energy sources, the ability to develop enterprises’ projects, the ability to control costs, and the financial power are all more demanding, technologically mature and cost-effective champions benefit more from price parity projects, and market concentration is expected to increase further.
2.2 Policies are increasing, new energy sources are moving towards primary power sources, climate change is becoming a global problem for all of humanity as carbon emissions increase, and new energy sources such as wind and solar energy are being encouraged and rapidly developed. By the end of 2021,
Solar and wind energy accounted for 88 per cent of the new renewable energy sources, with a global wind and wind cumulative installed capacity of 825gw, an increase of 12.5 per cent over the same period; a global photovoltaic aggregate installed capacity of 849gw, an increase of 18.9 per cent over the same period; chart 21, cumulative installed capacity of the global wind and power, gw
Figure 22 Global solar aggregate installed capacity, gw September 2020, in a speech to the United Nations General Assembly, the Secretary-General proposed that carbon dioxide emissions per unit of our gross domestic product (GDP) would decline by more than 65 per cent from 2005, with non-fossil energy sources accounting for one.
The share of energy consumption will reach about 25 per cent, and the total installed capacity of wind and solar power generation will reach more than 1.2 billion kW. Against a background of double carbon, the country has successively issued a series of effective electricity policies to raise the share of renewable energy, optimize the supply structure of electricity production and promote diversification of electricity development.
A steady push for structural transformation: the share of coal consumption has declined steadily, non-fossil energy sources have accounted for energy, energy work guidance 2022, around 100 million kWh. Wind power and photovoltaic power generation account for the share of electricity used in society as a whole
During the 14th Five-Year Plan, we will continue to accelerate the development of non-fossil energy, maintain concentration and distribution, boost wind power, photovoltaic power and develop the sea in an orderly manner.
In addition, all the provinces and cities of the country have set specific planning goals for the scale of the new energy industry, the scale of investment, etc., to facilitate the country’s full energy transformation. Renewable energy sources have added 6 million kilowatts to the grid.
By the end of 2021, we had a capacity of 2.38 billion kilowatts, an increase of 7.9 per cent, and a full calibre of 1,120 million kilowatts of non-chemical energy.
For the first time, the installed capacity exceeded coal power by 1,110 million kilowatts, an increase of 13.4 per cent over the same year, with wind and solar power generating power of 1 billion kilowatts, an increase of 21.0 per cent over the same year.
At the end of 2022, the power generation capacity of the country as a whole is projected to reach 2.6 billion kilowatts, an increase of about 9% over the same period. For the first time, the non-fossil power generation will reach half of the total installed capacity. Coal power generation has dropped to about 57% of the total electricity generated.
The electricity generation structure has been optimized and the share of non-fossil energy generation has been increasing. In 2021, total-calibre electricity generation in the country amounted to 838 trillion kilowatt-hours (kWh), an increase of 9.8 per cent in the same year, and non-fossil energy generation amounted to 2.9 trillion kWh, representing 34.5 per cent of the total energy use in the society, an increase of 0.6 percentage points in the same year.
A total of 11.7 per cent, an increase of 2.2 percentage points in the same year, and an increase of 25.2 per cent and 40.5 per cent, respectively, in the amount of electricity generated by grid-connected solar power and wind power, and a significant increase in the contribution of wind power to the national electricity supply.
Figure 29 National wind power generation and yoy, billion kilowatt-hours, % renewable energy use continues to rise, and wind disposal rates are optimized beyond expectations. Thanks to the continued support of the national policy and the acceleration of super-high-pressure construction, the rate of wind and light drops every year, with the national average being discarded from 2016 to 2020.
In 2021, the average national rate of wind power consumption continued to rise to 96.9 per cent, an increase of 0.4 percentage points, and the average rate of photovoltaic power use was 97.9 per cent, which remained essentially the same.
In 2022, the central government fund budget was raised to 80.7134 billion yuan, an increase of 101.6% compared to the previous year, which helped to resolve the shortfall in renewable energy subsidies. The renewable energy subsidies in our new energy sector have a longer recovery period.
The high level of arrears in subsidies, the gradual fall of the policy of subsidizing arrears, will contribute to the long-term development of our new energy industry, slow down the funding situation of green power operators, improve the capacity and enthusiasm of new energy projects, and the pace of industrial growth is expected to continue to rise.
State subsidies have given impetus to the initial development of the renewable energy sector. Because of the high cost of the industry and insufficient competition, the State has successively promulgated such documents as the Law of the People’s Republic of China on Renewable Energy and the Interim Measures for the Collection and Use of the Renewable Energy Development Fund to increase renewable energy generation through a series of State subsidies and tax relief policies.
In the case of wind power, the trend towards large-scale wind turbines and the synergies in the industrial chain resulting from the expansion of the industry’s scale drive down wind power costs, according to Irena data.
The country ' s land-based wind-level flat-level electricity costs fell from US$ 0.07/kWh in 2010 to US$ 0.03/kWh in 2020, with a cumulative decrease of 57.1 per cent; the global sea-level wind-level flat-level electricity costs decreased from US$ 0.16/kWh in 2010 to US$ 0.08/kWh in 2020, with a cumulative decrease of 50 per cent.
The cost of increasing the efficiency of photovoltaic power generation has been reduced by 67 per cent, with the country ' s photovoltaic flat-level electricity costs falling rapidly from US$ 0.18/kWh in 2011 to US$ 0.06/kWh in 2020.
As the cost of new energy generation continues to decline, access to the Internet at par becomes a trend. On the one hand, the government continues to lower the price of new energy power poles and convert the price of poles into guidance prices, and on the other hand, pursue a price policy that reduces the price of wind and photovoltaic grid poles on land as they grow; and, on the other hand, through the adoption of a price policy that reduces the price of wind and light-voltage grid poles on land to the scale of development.
Since 2018, the country has been moving towards a faster rate of affordable access to the Internet, with wind and photovoltaic-related industrial policies becoming more intensive. For wind and wind projects on land, the state no longer subsidizes subsidies approved by the end of 2018, but not grid-connected by the end of 2020.
In the case of offshore wind power projects, which were approved by the end of 2018 and were fully integrated by the end of 2021, the price of access to the grid at the time of approval is implemented, and in the case of all installed units in 2022 and beyond, the price of guidance for the year of integration is implemented.
The new energy loads are influenced by the price of electricity policy, and the “shock tide” became an important engine of growth in performance. In 2015, the wind pole prices were revised downwards, wind power projects showed a clear surge, with a 35.4 per cent increase in the same capacity as in the same year, and the size of the new boosters increased significantly. In 2021, the sea wind capacity was again affected by the downside of the state subsidy on wind power.
In September 2021, our green power trading pilot was officially launched, involving 259 major market players in 17 provinces, with a total of 7,935 million kilowatt-hours of traded electricity.
In January 2022, the National Development and Reform Commission and the Energy Agency issued a " Guidance for accelerating the construction of a unified national electricity market system " , which will further accelerate the construction of a national green market for electricity and promote national unification and provincial electricity markets, with new energy sources receiving additional environmental premiums and wind operators expected to benefit fully as electricity becomes marketed.
With regard to industrial development, the green value of new energy power will take many forms, including green power trading, carbon trading, and will be more widely and in many ways reasonably represented; on the other hand, the cost of electricity adaptations, such as electricity-aided services markets, will be channelled through more scientific and sound pricing mechanisms, such as green power trading.
2.4 Towards the Blue Sea, sea wind and high-speed developments have taken place in the construction of the global wind farm from the land to the sea. The offshore wind and wind costs are higher than the land wind, with higher requirements for engineering, project maintenance, and cost control, while wind and wind power are present at sea.
Natural advantages, such as resource stability, better wind engine utilization, better consumption conditions, and higher single capacity. According to Bloomberg’s new energy finance, there will be bottlenecks in the construction of wind power on land after 2022, with most of the growth coming from the offshore wind power project.
Wind energy resources are complex, affected by topography, relatively simple, mainly wind resources, land acquisition and land concessions, centralized surveillance models, usually fast.
With planning, engineering geology, environmental protection, traffic conditions, and a wide range of wind speeds at all altitudes, wind power on land.
Wind power is relatively low. Wind resources are abundant and our sea wind power potential is enormous. China is vast, with more than 18,000 kilometres.
The coastline, which is rich in offshore wind energy, is also concentrated in energy-loading centres in the central east and south. According to the results of the Census of offshore wind energy resources, the potential for wind and electricity development in the deep sea is about 200 million kilowatts in 5-25 metres of water, and about 500 million kilowatts in 50-70 metres of high sea wind and power development.
Chart 40 China ' s effective wind power density map can be broadly divided into three phases: 1, 2005-2008, introduction of technology, pilot pilot phase. Launch of a pilot project on offshore wind power at the East Sea Bridge.
2. Integrated planning and concession bidding phase, 2009-2010. The offshore wind and wind planning process was launched, and development was explored using the option of special bidding. 3. 2010 - to date, the scale exploration phase. We have set up a committee on wind and power technology standards in the energy sector, which has been strengthened.
Regulating and standardizing management and implementing scale-sizing exploration for global offshore wind power has accelerated, and our country has become the world’s largest maritime wind market. In 2021, the world’s offshore wind power installed 21.1gw, an increase of 205.8% compared to the previous year, with Chinese wind and wind installed 16.9gw.
This represents an increase of 452.3 per cent, or 80 per cent of the world ' s new wind and wind installed at sea, and a significant increase in domestic wind installed at sea, mainly as a result of state supplementation, triggered a 2021 offshore wind and power raid in the context of the slopes. In 2021, our cumulative offshore wind and power installed at sea reached 26.39gw, the world ' s number one.
Figure 41 Global offshore wind and yoy charts 42 Our sea wind and yoy chart 432021 share of new offshore wind units added by countries, %
Chart 44 Our cumulative offshore wind power loaders and ratios, gw, per cent, are currently concentrated in shallow sea areas, with features ranging from offshore to distant sea, from shallow to deep water, and from small scale demonstration to large-scale intensive development.
In response to the goal of clustering offshore wind power in the National Plan for the Modern Energy System of the 14th Five-Year Plan, the development of the offshore wind power development programme and the provincial remedial policies have been put in place to promote a smooth transition and healthy development of the offshore wind power industry.
By the end of March 2022, the coastal provinces of Jiangsu, Guangdong, Zhejiang and Fujian had set out plans for the development of offshore wind power, which, according to incomplete statistics, exceeded 150gw in the "145" period and accounted for 18.7 times the increase of 8.25gw in the "135" sea wind, which is expected to develop in an outbreak mode.
With technological advances and lower costs, offshore wind parity is expected to advance further. The main driving factor is 1. After the end of the “boot surge”, resources, such as offshore wind equipment and construction, are fully available and priced rationally; 2. Technological advances have resulted in large offshore wind units, increased individual capacity, wind machines, pylons and basic units.
3. Investment in construction equipment, such as large-scale sea cranes and stumps, with further improvement in construction capacity and efficiency, and extended window periods, which contribute to lower construction costs per unit kilowatt;
4. Survey design, intelligent transport support power generation costs have been reduced. 5. Scaled development has helped to save project and maintenance costs.
Figure 46: The capacity of our wind turbines has grown year by year, with more than three advantages, and the three gorges' energy-steating industry leading 3.1 is strong and strong.
As the world’s largest hydroelectric development company and the largest clean energy group in the country, the tri-gorge group has a historic mission to accomplish many of the country’s major strategic tasks. As the backbone of the tri-gorge group’s new energy operations, it has significant advantages in terms of access to resources, corporate capital, etc.
In the face of changes in the industry, such as wind and electricity competitive pricing, slow development of photovoltaics, and tight environmental conditions in the land, companies have further advanced their analysis of industrial policies and market situations, focusing on the Middle East, the southern and regions of the luminous “runner” base, super-high-pressure route, etc., where power load is concentrated, and actively preparing for price parity and competition.
The project declared the promotion of base development with affordable Internet access in all regions of the country, with a range of operations covering 30 provinces of the country, based on technological progress and cost reduction in the area of effective parity project resources. 1h2021 The company has signed cooperation agreements with local governments and electricity grid companies in Jilin, Chongqing and Hunan regions to further strengthen the stock of new and high-quality energy resources.
Figure 48 Distribution of company power station resources shows a significant financial advantage and a strong cash flow. As a high-quality enterprise with a strong corporate capital and a strong cash flow. Net cash flows from company operations in 2021 amounted to $8.82 billion, or 56.9 per cent of revenues.
Monetary funds amounting to $13.8 billion are at the forefront of the industry, and there are more sufficient cash flows to provide easy access to and lower cost of financing for the company’s build-up. The minimum capital ratio for wind and light projects is 20%, and financing capacity has become one of the core competitiveness of new energy operators, with companies lending and issuing through banks on the one hand.
Multiple ways of financing such as bonds, financial leases, subsidized electricity charges, securitization of assets, while taking full advantage of industry support policies, seizing market window periods, controlling additional debt prices by lowering interest rates on stock loans, and continuing to reduce overall levels of financing, with companies issuing bonds at less than 4 per cent in 2021 and new projects at around 3.6 per cent.
The asset-liability ratio is at a reasonable level in the industry, with a good long-term solvency capacity. The asset-liability ratio fell markedly in 2018 by introducing multiple strategic investment partners to finance $11.7 billion.
3.2 The company insists on the strategic objective of “the leader of the wind at sea” and the pre-emptive advantage of the wind at sea. As one of the first domestic installations of the wind at sea, the company is actively engaged in the storage and construction of the wind at sea project, as of now.
At the end of 2021, the company built 457.5 million kilowatts of installed offshore wind power projects in Guangdong, Jiangsu, Fujian, Liaoning, etc., which accounted for 17.3 per cent of the country ' s total sea wind power unit, and was among the leading in the country.
In 2020, the company built the first 220 kV-grade sea lift station and delivered the first 220 kV three core cable, resulting in the first-ever global global global suspension of the Siemens 4 megawatt windmill; and in 2020, the company built a flexible direct transmission project for the windfields at the East Sea, the world ' s largest and Asia ' s first sea transfer station: 1h2021.
Our first floating, global, typhoon-resistant offshore wind power unit has made substantial progress on the offshore wind project, with a centralized scalable development pattern. As the advance work in Guangdong, Fujian, Jiangsu, Liaoning and Shandong has progressed, the advantages of sea wind power have been highlighted. As of 30 June 2021, Guangdong, Fujian, Jiang Jian, etc.
The five “millions of kilowatt” offshore wind power bases in Su are already in a state of size, clustering and development patterns, and the offshore wind has formed a rolling development pattern of “inputs, build, approve, and reserve”. ipo will raise funds for the development of offshore wind power projects. The company will raise funds for ipo, in addition to supplementary liquidity.
All of the gold is invested in the offshore wind and wind projects with a combined installed capacity of more than 2.5 million kW. 3.3 Deepening industrial chain cooperation, effectively reducing the combined costs, focusing on investment in industrial chains, and strengthening strategic domestic and foreign cooperation.
Related industries with complementary advantages and strategic synergies have been involved in a number of upstream equipment manufacturing enterprises and downstream power transfer centres, including wind power leading companies such as Goldwind Technology, Downstream Qinghai Power Centre, and actively promoting sea-level wind power technological progress and upgrading of the industrial chain.
In addition, companies have long-standing partnerships with several internationally recognized electricity and gas companies, such as ge (alstom), Siemens, and abb.
Projects with core technological and technological innovation capabilities have acquired Spanish companies such as Dayligh and Fujian energy investment through equity participation and merger, accelerating the expansion of the company’s size, increasing its competitiveness and expanding its business landscape.
Surveillance, on-site unmanned (minor duty), regional self-revision of the central model of power production-vitation management, combining self-sustainment with external commissioning, intensive regional and intelligent operation, construction of 9 provincial centres of domain-based control in 2021, establishment of 35 site-research sites, and effective upgrading of companies with artificial intelligence, data mining, etc.
In 2021, the company invested $670 million in science and technology and over $400 million in research and development, participating in a number of priority research projects at the national level, bringing the number of research and research projects at the national level to seven.
The key technologies for building new power systems, such as large-capacity offshore wind machines, flexible direct transmissions, floating wind machines, and new storage power, have been technologically successful.
On the one hand, the Division has focused on the development of talent autonomy, the continuous improvement of innovative incentives such as performance appraisal management and the award of core technical staff, and the development and stockpiling of experienced managerial talent; on the other hand, it has drawn a wide range of specialized personnel from relevant units in the industrial chain to enhance the capacity-building of companies.
3.4 The project is rich in reserves and performance growth is certain, and the volume of power generation is expected to increase continuously. In 2021, the company ' s new project approval/receipt and construction targets exceeded 16 million kilowatts, of which the wind and power approved project has a planned installed capacity of 309,000 kilowatts.
Wei, with a capacity of 12,452,000 kilowatts for solar approved projects and 1.5 million kilowatts for stand-alone storage projects, have built 6,048,000 kilowatts for solar projects, which are at the forefront of new energy operators. As of 2022q1, the company has begun construction of 3.3 million kilowatts for offshore wind and power projects, which have contributed to the growth of firm performance.
Figure 602021. Comparable company wind power projects. Figure 610221. Compared company solar power projects.
Wa, while acquiring 6.85 million kilowatts in the country ' s first large wind and light-voltage base project of about 100 million kilowatts, is expected to sustain the company ' s future installation.4 Profit forecasts, valuations and investment ratings
(a) The size of the electrical installations is 18.4gw, 22.8gw, and 27.8gw, respectively. 4'Five's capacity is expected to continue to grow rapidly, adding industrial chain investment cooperation and the pre-emptive advantage of offshore wind power, 1 - risk of industrial policy change;
The report is presented independently and objectively using information that is legally compliant, using data and information that is publicly available in the market, without any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.