Three Gorges Energy (600905) Utilities, New Energy Generation Lead, Group Capacitator of Rivers, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Recommended logic: 1) high speed of wind and light loaders, leading to a steady increase in performance, with the company's total installed in 21 years reaching 22.9gw, “14th Five” expected to break 50gw, and its net profit on parent return in 21 years was 5.640 billion, an increase of 56.4 per cent compared to 21 years;
The advantages of Zeri’s goodness and technology, coupled with the downwind, are expected to grow continuously: 3) there are significant corporate resource and financial advantages, production chains are organized in such a way as to bring about an integration dividend, and a multidimensional advantage over companies’ increased efficiency and profitability in the operation of power plants. The company’s performance continues to rise as a result of a combination of wind and web-loading and planning objectives.
The division’s main business is the development, investment and operation of wind and light voltage. The company’s total installed capacity in 21 years is 22.9gw. Second.
High loads have led to high growth in corporate performance, with 21 years of net profits from corporate collections and homecomings of $15.48 billion and $5.64 billion, respectively, an increase of 36.8 per cent and 56.2 per cent, respectively; 22q1 net profits from wind and wind at sea leaders, respectively, led by the size and market share of the company ' s sea-winder, and led by policy gains and corporate technology.
In 21 years, the company added 3.2gw, representing the country’s new sea-winder capacity, and increased its 2.5 pp. As an absolute leader in the field of sea-wind, many of the company’s wind-related projects had their first applications in the country.
The business landscape of the company is expected to expand further during the "14th Five-Year" period, supported by the profitability of the provinces to encourage increased sea winds and strong corporate resource acquisition and technical capacity. • The company has significant resource and financial advantages, the industrial chain of layout brings an integration dividend, and the multi-dimensional advantage helps promote public opinion
The company’s projects are of high quality in the region, with an average of 2314 hours and 1385 hours spent in 21 years, ranked ahead of industry, and high-quality project resources have increased the profitability of the department, with the company’s single gw in 2021 corresponding to a net profit of 250 million yuan for the mother, in the industry.
Lead. Corporate capital reserves are strong and are conducive to maintaining a rapid pace of development: June 21, when ipo made the company ' s monetary capital very strong, it stood at $13.8 billion at the end of the year, and the company ' s outstanding renewable energy subsidy stood at $18.17 billion by the end of the year, with future subsidies in place to build the company.
The company's active up and down, with new energy survey design, investment, development, equipping, building of a whole industry chain integration capability, has increased the efficiency of the construction of the company's power plant, reduced the company's cost of power generation operations, and reduced the company's electricity consumption from 0.264/kWh in 17 years.
RMB/12.59 billion, or 34.4 per cent in cagr; given the rapid expansion in the size of the company ' s installed aircraft, the advantage of the three isthmus energy sources (600905), the new energy power giant, the sea wind lead (2021-08-27)
The new energy power generation platform of the Three Gorges Group, with the green power platform under the umbrella of the Three Gorges Group, with the first row of three new energy lines, is the largest new energy listing company in the country, ipo, and is in the second place as a new energy operator.
In September 1985, the company’s predecessor, China’s Tri-Firth Industrial Development Corporation, was established for water, and in July 2008 the company changed its name to China Water Investment Group Corporation and joined the tri-Firth-Firth Group as its capital.