In the recent past, Illuminati published its annual report for 2018. In 2018, the company achieved operating income of 2,458 million yuan, an increase of 34.41 per cent.
In 2018, the company achieved a growth of 2,458 million yuan in operating income.
Last rating: increase, 2018.08.24 34.41 per cent. Corporate smart security chips, special integrated circuits and storage operations contribute to overall growth in operating income; net profit attributable to listed company shareholders is 348 million yuan, a 24.33 per cent increase, which is slower than growth in operating income, mainly due to a decline in the Maori rate of smart security chips for the company's main product
In 2018, the market for corporate smart security chip products showed strong performance and generated business revenues of $1,036 million, an increase of 27.41 per cent. The smart security chip of a company includes smart card security chips and smart terminal security chips.
Safe chips have been invited to bid for a network of middle- and middle-cargos, and the company’s new generation of financial card chips has been certified by the international authority, Sogiscceal5+Am, with all banks in the six major countries. With regard to smart terminal security chips, the company’s products have been steadily exported against the backdrop of a slight decline in the overall market size of the usb-key market; and the company’s new mpos master chip and non-contact-reading chip market has grown steadily.
Some of the special integrated circuits produce bulk applications and a breakthrough growth in storage operations. In 2018, UV National Special Integrated Circuits earned operating income.
A complete product series has been developed, with a steady increase in sales on servers, pc, a roof box, televisions, etc., which further strengthens the supply of national production dram storage.
\triangleright, Smart Security and Storage Chips Keeping Up High, Special Integrated Circuits
(b) Risk factors: macroeconomic development is slow; storage operations are not expanding as expected and the Māori rate has fallen significantly.
\triangleright cindasecuritiesco., ltd House No. 9 West Side Street, Beijing City.
Tianjin, Beijing University Institute for National Development Research,ba, used to be a powerful 500-year-old American company, Nokia, Finland, for mobile phone research and laboratory management. In 2015, he joined the Sinda securities industry for computer research. Yuan Hae-woo, Beijing University, Bachelor of Physics, Master of Condensed Physics.
This report has been prepared and published by the China Securities Commission. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. It is provided to specific customers only and not to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.