Electronics Group Performance meets expectations, as high tolerance 23h1 performance meets expectations, and mlcc operating income increases equally. 23h1 e-components and
Market value (RMB): $30.70 Material operations increased by +11.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis; revenue from communications component operations decreased by 35.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
In terms of demand for orders and capacity to speed up their release, 23h1 has an overall Māori ratio of 39.73%, compared to 7.27 ptt.
The Māori rate for 23q2 companies is 39.99% and the ring ratio is +0.59pt. For operations, Electric 2. Three Rings Insights: Ceramic Materials Specialists, Rich Product Line Contribution. Subcomponents and materials Māori rate is 29.66%, down by 24.35pt, telecommunications components.
The increase in the smlcc crop rate and better cost control over time are expected to lead to future increases in the crop rate, and the build-up of price increases is expected to lead to continued profitability. Technological innovation is accelerating, mlcc product performance is improving, and sofc’s autonomous innovation capacity is continuing.
By improving technology and optimizing design, companies have developed and developed a series of mlcc products that have been effective in solving the problems of mlcc-common break-ups and screams and in upgrading product performance. The company ' s mlcc-products are constantly moving in the direction of high tolerance, miniaturization, high reliability, etc.
Technology breakthroughs and quality upgrades for current products have led to a gradual increase in market recognition and a growing coverage of downstream response areas. In May, corporate-led national focus on research and development was on “hydrogen energy technologies” with a special focus on “100 kilowatt-class solid oxide fuel cell heat combined”.
The successful start-up of the project for system applications of critical technologies will further enhance the country's ownership of the technology of the Sofc heat and power supply system. Together with continuous corporate technological innovation and client development, we believe the future will be achieved.
Companies are expected to benefit from deep downstream applications and import substitution opportunities for the mlcc component’s home-grown industry, relying on the cost advantages of vertical integration of the industrial chain. Global manufacturers have significantly expanded their supply of mlcc markets over demand, and downstream demand has not been released.
In one month, in two months, in three months.