MLcc bottom recovery, sustained improvement in business performance Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) Company issued a 2023 semi-annual advance, according to which the company expected 23h1 to become a net parent
• New mlcc products are well under way, continuing to grow to a high level of tolerance, with a wide range of national alternative spaces, with prices relative to the trend of 300 deep companies, influenced by the complex international situation, global macroeconomic fluctuations and downstream producers moving to stocks, electronics.
The overall demand in the product sector is slowing. But companies are actively taking steps to open up product markets, accelerate technological innovation, and continue to optimize and extend the accumulation of existing technologies.
Some of the regular capacity specifications have also started to be imported into the car supply chain. We believe that the mlcc market has a larger national production alternative space (according to the China-China Institute of Industry and Commerce, the global mlcc market is about $12.4 billion in size in 22 years, but local producers account for only about 7% of the market) as the company grows.
With higher rates and higher ratios of high-quality products, combined with cost advantages, the company’s mlcc business is expected to sustain overall income growth. Products like ceramic backboards, pkg, etc. are expected to warm up as the industry recovers.
As the global economy recovers, demand in downstream consumer markets will continue to improve, and the company’s revenues will warm back up. In ceramic backboard operations, companies are expected to follow the product’s intelligence.
In the area of pkg, the company's products are mainly used in the field of crystallization, and downstream applications, such as filters, are being actively expanded. Revenue is expected to increase as downstream applications are expanded. In addition, products such as corporate ceramic tablets, mammoths, etc. will benefit from resistance demand.
Using legitimate compliance information, the present report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in the present report are from open market information, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.