Performance and value growth were strong, and the advantage of “finance plus technology” was highlighted - China's record in 2017 was safe.
On March 20, 2018, China released its annual 2017 report in peace. The company achieved $890.882 billion in revenues, which was higher than expected.
\triangleright ' s high profit on parent operations after the effect of fluctuations increased by 38.8 per cent, with life and health insurance operations having a net profit ratio.
\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright 20% robust growth in corporate value \triangleright
In 2017, life insurance operations amounted to $67,357 million, an increase of 32.6 per cent over the same year, with long-term guaranteed operations contributing 69.7 per cent, and Nbv 24 per cent; the new business value was 39.3 per cent, an increase of 1.8 percentage points over the same year.
The success of the retail transformation of the Safe Bank was remarkable, with 33.4 per cent to 69.9 million retail customers growing on a year-on-year basis, and the retailing industry benefiting from cross-sales across product lines, with a significant migration effect, with 28.5 per cent of customers holding multiple subsidiary contracts, an increase of 4.5 percentage points in the same year; and 2.32 average passenger contracts, an increase of 5.0 per cent compared with the beginning of the year;
Three technology companies under the company's flag have completed their private fund-raising, a safe doctor has completed pre-ipo, submitted their applications to the Hong Kong stock market, and a first round of financing has been completed for both Safe Health Science and Finance, with an estimated value of $8.8 billion after delivery.
$7.4 billion. Land-based funds amount to $46.1 billion, with an increase of 96.7 per cent in the balance of managed loans compared to the beginning of the year, making the first overall profit throughout the year. The phasing out of platforms under the banner will raise the market value of the parent company ' s financial science and technology.
Corporate performance is higher than expected, and business lines are strong. Life insurance is focused on increasing the value of insurance security, agent manpower and capacity are driving a robust growth in value, long-end interest rates are still high to release reserves, stress is maintained, insurance premiums, market occupancy rates are steadily rising, commercial fares continue to deepen, corporate channels are superior and wind is windy.
At the same time, segmenting subsidiaries will further enhance the market value of companies. For label countries above pev2, companies around pev1.4 maintain a strong recommended rating of 1, split up at a slower pace than expected; and 2, science and technology operations are not growing as fast as expected.
Zhou Xiaoping, a mid-level economist and a Master of Economics from the University of Xian Transport, worked in the Economic Research Institute, the Department of National Enterprise Strategy and Development, and was responsible for macroeconomic and industrial research. In 2015, he joined the Human Security Fund.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.