Good doctor finishes the pre-ipo round of finance, speeds up the development of science and technology.
On 2 February, China issued a communiqué stating that the Group's scientific and technical operations had been well conducted by doctors, health-care technologies and gold, and that it had successfully completed targeted private fund-raising in recent days, amounting to $400 million, $1.15 billion and $650 million, respectively. The financing was dominated by foreign investors such as the Soft and Silver Vision Fund, the idg and the Sbi Group.
\Technology \Technology \Technology \Technology \Technology \Technology \Technology \Technology \Technology \Technology \Technology \Technology \Technology \Technology \Technology \Technology \Technology \Technology \Technology \Technology
Three projects have been financed to promote the two-wheel-driven development strategy of the Peace Group “Financial + Technology” and the value of investment has become more visible. The safe doctor’s data industry has taken the lead, and the harvest has continued to grow rapidly.
At present, the country is faced with a deep ageing population and inadequate health care. According to the State Council's “Healthy China 2030” Planning Framework, health services will exceed 8 trillion yuan in 2020, compared to the trend of the Unit's 300-degree approach.
At the end of 2017, there were 192 million registered users, the average monthly activity amounted to 32.09 million, with an absolute advantage for the city. According to the offer statement, Healthy Health Technology Limited (Safe Doctors) earned $279 million in 2015, 2016 and the first three quarters of 2017, respectively.
602 million yuan and 1,016 million yuan, representing an increase of 240.4 per cent in revenue in the first three quarters of 2017, with the completion of the first-ever financing of the two operational blocks in 2015, 2016 and the acceleration of the development of the financial science and technology sector 1) Safe Healthcare Science and Technology provides, inter alia, cost control services, actuarial services, health insurance account services and medical care for cities
(ii) One-stop financial products and services for financial institutions, including banks, insurance, securities, trusts, etc.
The first round of financing of $650 million was completed by Antxon Finance Technology Ltd., which is currently valued at approximately $7.5 billion.III. Prospectives for a safe doctor’s share on the market are clear, and safe health and safety technology operations and financial transactions are important offshore.
The investment agency recognizes that the technology portfolio has matured. It has continued to operate safely in the field of finance and technology.
Xiaoping, mid-level economist, Master of Economics, Xian Transport University, formerly in the Economic Research Institute, the Ministry of Large State Enterprise Strategy and Development, responsible for macroeconomics and macroeconomics.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, uses data from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,