China Peace in China (601318.sh/2318.hk)
Breaking down the negative expectations, building on the strength of the strong, achieving $115.2 billion in premiums in January 2018 and 21.47 per cent in yoy, breaking market pessimistic expectations (negative or non-growth).
In 2018, the regulation of insurance companies was limited to periods of incomplete regulation and served as a safeguard-type, large-scale insurance company.
It is less affected, and its sound operation is expected to gain a greater share of the market. In addition, corporate insurance technology should be at a better standard than its counterparts, and it is expected that it will receive a valuation premium and maintain a “buy-in” investment proposal.
In terms of premium revenue of $115.2 billion, yoy increased by 21.47 per cent, exceeding market pessimistic expectations (negative or non-growth). In terms of the structure of the premium, renewal is the main force behind the premium growth, and in the context of strong regulation 134, the new business as a whole has declined by about 10 per cent, no.
The 50 per cent increase in business over the period of renewal is also related to the company's increasing payments in recent years and the reduction in interest-sharing. In the security fee structure, a large risk scenario has become apparent. As at 3q2017, 96.04 per cent of the insurance coverage was for life and health insurance.
Quick growth (up to 3 q2017, number of agents yoy) is benefiting from a fast growth in the value of the company’s new business.
The product portfolio pulls up the rapid growth of value in the group. Production insurance grew by 15 per cent in January, and the leading position continues to be consolidated: safe production insurance was achieved in January 2017
Revenues of $27.4 billion and yoy by 15.65 per cent continue to grow at a faster pace, looking at the firm’s strong leadership in fiscal and competitive positions. In terms of cost control, the combined cost rate has remained at around 95 per cent for the last five years, with less impact on market-based reforms of commercial car insurance rates.
An active embrace of financial technology is expected to generate valuation premiums: improve operational efficiency and reduce associated costs in terms of technology applications, such as life and production risks, such as the safe keeping of its clouds, ai (substantial applications in human face recognition, voice-print recognition, etc.), big information, etc.
Ann achieves rapid growth through the analysis of agent personality, habits, background, targeted screening, mentoring, and through the Golden Pipeline; with regard to image damage, safe production risks are built on machine learning and big information models that achieve simple efficiency through deep application of smart rules and image recognition
A safe and active embrace of financial technology is expected to yield a valuation premium. Profit forecasting and investment proposals: 2018, under the supervision of strong 134, the market has an insurance stock.
It's more pessimistic to expect, but the information on China's flat security payments for the focus period is certainly a break with this concern.
With a view to obtaining a greater share of the market, a consistent pattern of strong is expected to continue, with company insurance technology, chinaresearchdept. expected remuneration (expected return; er), as follows:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued for any purpose in whole or in part of the report.