Peace in China (601318.sh): The 2017 annual report. Value poles!ev high + profit acceleration + double.
Ma Xiangyun High return on investment + well-reorganised doctor-driven profits accelerated, dividends doubled to shareholders: company performance increased by 42.8 per cent in 2017, faster than in the previous three quarters, resulting from: 1)
Net profits from core life insurance operations increased by 43.5 per cent to $35.6 billion on a year-on-year basis, while total investment returns on insurance funds increased significantly by 330 bp to 7.7 per cent (port equity opportunities, interest differential returns, etc., driven by subsidiaries such as equity management, safe finance leases); 3) in financial science and technology, it was recognized that health was safe and healthy.
The profits from the reorganisation transaction amounted to 10.85 billion yuan, while the shares held by the Land Gold Institute were fully profitable for the first time on a year-round basis.
Focus on retail finance plus technology led to changes, with a strong growth in the number of clients and net profits from personal operations: the Department focused on retail finance, with individual clients reaching 166 million (26.4 per cent more than at the beginning of the year), and Internet users reaching 436 million (26 per cent more at the beginning of the year), while the number of customers on average contracts and the number of customers on average was profitable.
Upgrades reflect the deepening value of clients and the advantages of integrated financial synergies, driving a strong net profit in personal business growth ranging from 44.4 per cent to $58.975 billion, and the rise in the share of individual clients holding multi-subsidiary contracts.
Financial science and technology, on the one hand, is seen as contributing to the efficiency and competitiveness of product services, and, on the other hand, core technology can be exported and long-term gains in profitability and valuation. The life insurance agent’s qualitative excellence nbv growth is expected, and the premium increases lead the industry: 1)
The new policy premium for company life insurance agents will increase by 34.5 per cent to $13.6 billion, driving the new business value, and the sales team will raise the quality of the future life insurance for guaranteed products, and corporate agents will have a stronger edge. 2) Corporate financial insurance will continue to grow at a sustained pace leading the industry with 21.4 per cent increase in premiums throughout the year.
Investment proposals: The company ' s profits are growing at a pace of high value growth throughout the year, with a 29.4 per cent increase in value over time, and we judge that the firm ' s guaranteed operations will accelerate from 2018 to achieve the nbv acceleration, rating-high value growth, financial science and technology.
A strong increase in value, leading by no means (3)) increased industry competition due to the deepening of insurance costs, and (4) a significant roundback of blue shares, which affected investment returns.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board