The insurance industry performed beyond expectations, and the value of the new business grew strongly, and China is safe (601318.sh).
In 2017, the company achieved a total operating income of $890.882 billion, a 25 per cent increase over the same period; belong; 2) life and health insurance nbv increased by 32.6 per cent over the same period, with the number of agents increasing in volume.
In 2017, the company ' s life and health insurance operations achieved a total premium of $47,585.5 million, an increase of 27.3 per cent over the previous year, of which the share of guaranteed products was 37.82 per cent, an increase of 5.14 percentage points over the same period.
The company adheres to the concept of “value-based business” and, in 2017, optimizes the value-added of the main-power-protected product, raises the level of security, develops products with multiple cancer payments, long-term disability care, high-end life risk, etc.
Medical 360 services, building a healthy closed circle of “upstream health prevention, middle- and middle-class economic compensation, downstream medical services” to meet the full range of health risk management needs of clients. 3) Income from insurance for production insurance operations has reached the 200 billion mark, with a combined cost of 96.2 per cent
Good results. The product structure has changed, and there are differences in the various types of insurance. Safety car insurance, real percentage points: non-motorized vehicle insurance has achieved an original insurance premium of $38,929 million, an increase of 59.2 per cent over the same period, and revenue collection has increased by 4.28 percentage points.
Appearance loss cases with an accuracy of 92.6 per cent; roll-out of the “Accordingly Expeditious Field Survey in 510 Cities” service, 92.9 per cent of the cases on site were processed at an extreme speed within 10 minutes. (4) Increased allocation of equity products, resulting in a steady increase in return for investment
Companies effectively take advantage of equity market opportunities and low-value investment opportunities in the port, increase quality blue leadership, increase stock allocation and increase investment returns. Corporate assets in the non-target category of claims are subject to overall risk controls, holding claims and trust schemes with 95% external credit ratings.
Aaaa, about 5%, aa+ and aa. 5) Financial+Tech is the first company in the country to embrace fintech and set up a technology-driven business model.
The transformation of the finance + technology has been increasing rapidly. Three companies have successfully completed targeted private fund-raising, and doctors have completed pre-ipo financing by the end of 2017.
With $400 million in size, and having submitted a listing application to Hong Kong; with SHIST and finance, the first financing of $1.15 billion and $650 million, respectively, was completed in early 2018, and companies maintained their science and technology-driven business development and continued to increase their research, development and investment in innovation and innovation.
With more than 3,000 financial and medical patent applications, many of them leading the world in science and technology, companies are committed to becoming the leading international private financial life group, actively embracing financial science and technology, leading business change with technology, good business quality, good performance, and high value.
Growth is strong. We keep looking at the future of the company, keep the `recommended' rating, forecast.