After 70, the CEO of the actuarial background was appointed, and the life of the nation was revived.
Incident: On 2 August 2022, the company issued an announcement stating that Mr. Su Hingjun had proposed to the company his resignation from the post of Director-General and Executive Director, and that Mr. Zhao Peng had been appointed President of the company, who is now only 50 years old, and was working with his research assistant, Mr. Yiwoo.
Zhao Peng, who has served in the National Life Department for almost 25 years, will lead the company by forming a new leadership team, together with Mr. Bai Tao and Mr. Choi Shilian.
From the beginning of his career, he joined the nation ' s life, starting with his financial career, and was promoted to the post of General Manager of the Finance Department of the Group in 2013; was transferred to the post of Chief Executive Officer of Zhejiang Branch in 2014 and to the post of Chief Executive Officer of Zhejiang Branch in 2015; was transferred to the headquarters of the National Life Stock Exchange in October 2017 as Assistant to the President; was promoted to the post of Vice-President of the State Life Company in March 2019.
In August, he became Chief Financial Officer of the Group; in March 2020, he was reassigned to the farm; in July 2022, he was promoted to the National Life Group and officially became President of the State Life Group. Zhao was the third senior executive since 2022, and in January, Chairman Shi Tao took over as Chairman of the State Life Group.
• Actuarial, financial, professional, and managerial specialization. Zhao Peng is the country’s first actuarial leader, with many years of financial experience, and has accumulated many years of management experience at the General Branch.
As the first CEO of the company's actuarial profession, after 70, Zhao Peng is expected to learn from a more professional, profound and rejuvenation perspective about the development of the industry and the transformation of the company, leading to a more professional company.
Effort, sustainable and high-quality development pathways, which require a “transformation of the three modes of marketing realization, team, channel”, “a enrichment of insurance products around the diverse needs of `life, disease and disability'”, “enhanced enabling marketing, operation and services of science and technology applications” and “effective protection against asset liabilities”
Matching, underpricing of products, and risk of longevity. As the “new engineering” receivers, acting as the company’s temporary leader and future strategic executives, expected to bring about positive changes for the company.
Companies strengthen the qualitative management of their workforce, amend the Basic Law to encourage excellence, foster a high-quality workforce, optimize structural design to enhance per capita productive capacity, and seize the opportunity to expand the recruitment of new recruits when appropriate.
At the end of the life cycle, the average human capacity drops by nearly 40%, while at the end of the decade or more, new single-time payments, nbv and hand-held productivity increases >nbv per capita > per capita per capita increase in per capita income.
While demand for new, long-term pension products and old-fashioned products creates differentiated markets, demand for preventive savings has increased and increases life-long life-saving risks have been extended, and companies have not been able to promote product diversification by focusing on the two main lines of health and old-age security.
We believe that the per capita productivity of 1h22 companies is expected to improve significantly, and that the new list and the profits forecast and investment rating: the size of the company's workforce is open, and the nbv drop is significantly better than the same ring ratio, with the equity deficit significantly slowing down.
Industry, the new leadership is expected to bring about a new positive change, we maintain a profit forecast, and it is expected that Dong Wu Securities Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, will have a portfolio investment advisory.