Life in China (601628): New business value, 19 September 2022.
China reported a performance rating in Chinese life 2022, and China reported an operating income of $52,298 million during the reporting period, with the company being the leader in the domestic life insurance industry.
Fortune 500 and the world brand 500 are the core members of the company with its long history, strong strength, professional leadership and world-renowned brands.
Corporate investment performance has gradually improved during the reporting period, and the value of new business has grown at a faster rate than that of the major players. In the first half of the year, it won the trust of the most widespread clients in society and has always dominated the country.
The position of the leader of the internal insurance market, who is recognized as Chinese insurance, is under some pressure, but with the gradual stabilization of the equity market in the second quarter and its remarkable recovery, the company's investment performance is the “middle-class pillar”.
In elasticity, total and net return on investment reached 4.21 per cent and 4.15 per cent, respectively. Insurance companies with insurance salesmen, group insurance vendors and major listed partners (average of other listed life insurance companies disclosed as 3.5 per cent and 3.5 per cent, respectively).
The company provides personal life insurance, 3.9%. At the same time, the company is built through a team, under the pressure of the overall demand for insurance and the continuing effects of the epidemic.
Group life insurance, accident and health insurance products and services have been reformed, and the value of the new business in the first half of the year - 13.8 per cent - has also grown significantly better than that of the major listed partners (now China's leading individual and group life insurance and year).
The average value of other listed life insurance companies reported in the disclosure is 36.9 per cent.
The size of the risk agent has been reduced by a narrow margin. While the size of the company ' s risk agent corps has been declining since mid-2020, driven by the impact of the epidemic and through the reform of channels, it has been reduced from 820,000 at the end of 2021, taking into account the rapid downsizing of the main partner since the beginning of the year, to the detriment of the rules of the company ' s risk agent.
Channel reform continues, with agents achieving “promotion efficiency.” In recent years, companies have continued to increase their staff by “highweight, lightweight” and constantly promoting the upgrading of the production capacity of risk teams.
To this end, the company has accelerated the process of professionalizing and professionalizing and upgrading the sales team in a comprehensive manner, focusing on new people, managers and groups of excellence, strengthening the management of business quality, and developing a virtuous mechanism for training and promotion and enhancing the stability of the cadre of core agents.
This is a 0.4% decrease, with an increase of 0.5% in the first annual premium, and 4.7% in the first annual premium for the ten-year period and above, which is higher than the increase in the proxies’ size and the effectiveness of team-building. The investment proposal is that, after continuous reform and re-routing, the company’s push for new projects is gradually becoming more effective.
There is also a marginal weakening of companies as a result of repeated epidemics, increased industry competition, and changes in insurance consumption capacity and structure. It is expected that with 23 years of open-door preparation in the third quarter, the risk team will be expected to double in quantity.
Product structure optimization and client precision hierarchies provide more personalized products and services.
It is hoped that the “rejuvenation of life” project will accelerate its progress and help strengthen more reform measures. We still look to the company, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and Chinese life (601628): both the value of the new business has grown and the investment performance has been better than that of the major listed partners.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the depth of East Hing's securities report.
Life in China (601628): The value of the new business has increased and the performance of the investment has been better than that of the major listed colleagues Liu Jia Xiao Wuhan University, Master's degree from Nankai University, “Mathematics + Finance” complex background. Four years of banking experience, seven years of non-banking financial research experience.
Two years of banking experience. First in the 13th New Wealth and Silver Finance Industry in 2015 and fourth in the 14th New Wealth and Silver Finance Bank in 2016; first in the 9th Crystalball and Silver Finance Industry in 2015; tenth Master of Economics in the Crystal and Silver Finance Industry in 2016; and joined East Hing Securities in 2019.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.