Events: Chinese life published its semi-annual report for 2022, achieving business income of $528,298 million, compared to 60,1628.sh.
The new policy premium is rising in the same year, and the value of the new business is in line with expectations. 1h22 companies realize the premium revenue, Wang Dynasty Won. The first half of 2022 was largely controlled by the epidemic, and during the same period last year, the risk of severe illness was “displaced”.
The impact of the high base, the relative weight of the new business, the change in the monthly premium from 2q22, 810,000 people, a total of 746,000 people in the risk market, the steady size of the sales team and the rising quality of the workforce.
A total premium of $35,248 million, or -3.1 per cent, was achieved by means of scientific and technological enablers such as the Nbv training system of risk plates in the first half of 2022, which promoted the professional and high-quality development of a risk team.
Per capita productive capacity continues to grow. As a result of the decline in the size of the company ' s marketing workforce and changes in business structure, fees and commissions were spent on a year-on-year basis - 16.2 per cent.
At the end of the reporting period, the company’s total asset allocation was designed to actively capture long-term allocation opportunities during the equity market adjustment process.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: the company’s overall performance of 1h22 was in line with expectations, nbv size
Indicators are still ahead of business, channel reform continues to drive the careerization of the workforce, professional transformation, liabilities, or are expected to stabilize further. As the new management arrives, it will become more sophisticated and professional.
Risk factors: affected by the epidemic and less than expected recovery of the agent industry; \triangleright
The difficulty of staff and the downside of production capacity in House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the West Side of the city of Beijing have led to a loss of staff; the sharp movement of investment earnings from capital market volatility has led to a sharp increase in the provision of reserves as a result of the movement of the 750-day average.
Figure 1: Insurance premiums for new policies (millions of dollars) and speed of increase
Figure 4: Number of agents (millions) and speed of increase, General Manager, General Manager, Guanghai Leasing Operations Department, formerly employed in China Xinjiang Portfolio, and Hakubo Securities. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Agency in November 2019, responsible for non-banking financial research.
Zhang Kaichen, Master of Arts, Bachelor of Economics, Wuhan University, Master of Actuarial Science, Boston University, four-year experience in the actuarials industry, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 to carry out research in the non-banking financial sector. The components are irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific analytical opinions or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.