Phillipcapital Yunnan Pharmacy (000538.ch)
The brand has a strong ability to extend, and Yunnan White was originally produced and sold as an anti-infection drug, the anti-demorrhage drug, which is a national formulation (as of January 4th).
High-level secret formulas, without direct competition, are highly priced. In recent years, companies have been actively targeting drugs: cny90.60 (+22.6%) `New White Drugs, Great Health' strategy, focusing on four main lines of business: the drug plate is centered in Yunnan.
In the case of leather products, which are mature cash cow species, generic drugs are driven by a series of new products of gas and gluten oral fluids, blood-infused capsules, which are steadily growing; healthy product plates, which ensure that the white toothpaste is growing faster, focus on the introduction of green-breeding shampoo, general stockholders (millions):
In addition, the company’s medical and pharmaceutical industry has been continuously improving through the pipeline.
Yunnan White Drug Holdings Ltd.: source: companyreports, phillipsecuities(hk)research
As a result, the company became the champion of the first three brands in the market and the only national brand in the top five.
According to the announcement, Xinhua is going to add 25.4 billion yuan to the company's controlling stockholder's white drug holdings. When the deal is complete, the ownership of the stockholdings will be changed from 100% ownership by the Yunnan State Capital Committee to the Yunnan State Property Commission and Xinhua.
Each holds 50% of the shares, and at the same time, it still holds 41.52% of the company’s shares, and this triggers a market-based firm’s offer to buy. When the merger is completed, the group’s holdings will be converted from a national monopoly into a mixed private sector, and the private sector will have sufficient shareholders.
The decision power to vote will lead to a dynamic and market-based approach to the management of Yunnan Pharmacy (the future directors, supervisors and senior managers of the Pharmacy Control Unit will be selected in a market-based manner) and will inspire the future promotion of equity by listed companies.
At the same time, the company’s outreach and acquisition are expected to accelerate, and new businesses are expected to expand or move to a new stage, which is expected to accelerate the deployment of the company to a new stage in the larger health fields of the country, such as precise medical care, maintenance, and medical services.
Also worth mentioning is that the change triggered a full-scale demand for Yunnan white drugs, which will not end in market status. Considering that the purchase price is up to $64.98, it's lower than before the end of the game.
In recent years, the Chinese pharmaceutical industry in Yunnan has achieved significant health gains, while the current holdings have moved faster and the review process has been less efficient and less proficient.
The event. Considering the firm’s former owner’s steady growth and deep branding value, the merger will bring a new "buy-in" rating.
Piercomparison source: bloomberg, philipsecurities(hk)research products are increasing at a lower rate than expected.
The price of the main raw materials has risen; the reform of the state has been less effective than expected.
Yunnan White (000538/ch) phillipresearchstocksectionssystems
We don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know.
It's not like you're the only one who can't do it, but you're the only one who can do it, and you're the only one who can do it.
In this publicadellnoteproducedwholeorinpart, distraughtorpublished byyouforanypurpose.philipsecuriushallopromotableforanirector consequentyallosossarisalising fromanyuseofmaticcontainmentpublication. the informationcontainmentcontaininthispublicationhasbeenobotainedfrompublicsourserviceswichphilillipsecritieshasnoreassontobeliereunreliableandanyanyysis,
Forecasts, projects, externalsandopinionorwartty, expressorimplied, etc., etc., etc.
There's no other way to do this. There's no other way to do it. There's no way to do it. There's no way to do it.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know if I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I don't know, this publicity shouldnotbeletelieduponauthoritative with unfurtherbeing subject totheotherecipiensionandexerciseofjudgment.
Involvementistrissksandmaynetberealinvestors, andthannydecisiontomentorintotranctionsinvolvendsuchproductsshoulldnotemadeunlesall suchrisksareunderstoodaninpendenddetermination hasbeenmadehatsuchtransactionswouldapprietate.anydiscussionofsiscontainherein interspecttootheriscontain
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if you're the only one who's ever been in the business, but I don't know if you're the one who's in the business.
I don't know, singapore malaysia phillipsecurities teltd
I'm not sure if it's true, but it's not true.
kualalumpur japan longkong
philipcapitaljapank.k. phillipsecurities(hk)ltd nagata-chobldg.
An exchangeparticipantofthestockexhangeofhongkong 8f, 2-4-3nagata-cho, 11/fedcentre95queensway
Longkong China indonesia
I don't know if I'm going to be able to do this, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Jakarta 10220 - indonesia
phillipsecurities (thailand) publicco.ltd king & shaxsoncapitallimited 15thplace, vorawatbuilding,
849 silomroad, silom, bangrak, paraisfrance bangkok 10500thailand
I'm sorry, I didn't know you were here.
Phillipfuturesinc 6thbroor, candlewickhouse, 120cannonstreet,
The chicagoboardoftradebuilding london, ec4n6as chicago, il6004usa
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Melbourne, Victoria 3000, australia