• Strategic cooperation framework agreements signed with Hong Kong-di technology, ongoing industry expansion and maintenance of the “buy-in” rating
Recently, the signing of the Strategic Cooperation Framework Agreement between Bosin Software and Wuhan Port-Di at Wuhan marked the formal establishment of a strategic partnership between the two companies.
Control systems, as well as management system software, have extensive industry experience in the area of ports and cranes, with high reputations for frequency products on the market, and the shielded converter currently ranks first in the national product plate. The high-performance open plc of the letter software has been growing rapidly in the steel industry in recent years, and we believe that there is cooperation between the two.
We maintain the expectation that the Public-Hong Kong Group will be a private steel group, using the Bo-Hin National Product to fully recognize the company, strong 230, and China’s 500th manufacturing company 157th. The Hong Kong-Hong Kong Group and Bo-Hin have some problems with national production.
In close cooperation, the Hunang base in Hunan is a demonstration of the scale of the full-scale application of the Bosin software self-research plc product for a factory-wide cold-rolling process, and is currently the largest demonstration of the national production control system in the country. The project involves 15 lines, more than 100 self-research plc; Bosin recommends on the morning of 27 March 2024.
Guangxi Hongwang signed the 1550 Cold Rolling Package, which will use the company's latest national production of plc products, and the new, automated digital industry site dsf (digitalshoploor) as a whole, and is expected to be officially operational by March 2025. As a leading Chinese national steel company, the Hong Kong Group has chosen Bo-Sin-Shun for several times.
Seven Sectors Together for Equipment Upgrading in the Industry, the full self-researching of the plc product fully reflects the strong strength of Treasure Software’s home-grown products. The core of the letter software benefits from the company’s update.
• Substitution of national production at the core of the large autonomous plc+ industrial robot +ai model as a core growth driver. 2024.4.9 Companies are scarcely home-owned large plc enterprises, with large plc at the core to deepen three power controls.
It's a long-term growth list, highlighting the powerful power of national production - corporate information.
In the meantime, we believe that the company’s profitability is expected to continue to increase as its national production projects continue.