Nationally produced intellectually needed, self-researched large plc taps ready for release; Bosin software (600845.sh) & steel equipment upgrades + high end + industrial recovery + national production replacements; high-end intellectual industries are on the upward trend
In terms of industrial trends, we believe that BS software is approaching an opportunity for gold development: (1) when the steel industry is in a downward cycle and since some production lines can be shut down + the demand for high-end steel species is strong, we think there is hope for a significant increase in the demand for BS software smart manufacturing products: (2) the state is pushing for industrial equipment upgrading.
Concomitant with the demands of new forms of industrialization, the demand for equipment adaptation and high-tech intelligence is expected to rise, while a breakthrough in national production is required in key high-tech areas, with a more pronounced trend towards national production substitution; (3) signs of a gradual recovery of the industrial plate are emerging, with a gradual increase in profitability and a gradual increase in the demand for the intelligent manufacturing of the company.
• Alternative development of a company's national production is divided into three main lines: “product end” + “industry end” + “globalization” and, in our view, “product end” + “industry end” + “globalization” three main lines: (1) Product end: a company is a scarcely domestic enterprise with a large, autonomous plc, nuclearly large plc
Deepening the layout of the products produced by the three-power control systems, industrial robotics, and the al-Ai model is expected to open the door to long-term growth of the company; (2) industry end: a breakthrough starting with private steel companies and moving to state-owned steel companies such as the BMW Group, which is expected to expand gradually to major sectors such as ports; (3) global level
In the long run, corporate globalization can expand. • On many occasions, the Hun Wang Private Steel Group has used the BTN-based products to give full visibility to the recognition of the company’s products.
The Hong Kong Group is a business group that specializes in the production of cold-rolled stainless steel, silicon steel and accompanied refined products. It is ranked 2023.
The expansion, nationalization, continued decline - company information, close cooperation, the Hunan and Guangxi bases, etc., have used the Treasure News National Production Report 2024.4.23.
plc products, which fully reflect the strong power of Treasure Software in the domestic production of products.
idc underdevelopment and restructuring of BMW mergers and acquisitions.
1. Industry Upwards: Steel and steel equipment upgrades + high-end + industrial recovery + national production replacements, high-level intellectual industry upwards.
Gold development opportunities: (1) steel high-end + product-line upgrading investment + supply-side reform + national production substitution trends are expected to generate a large amount of smartness investment needs and opportunities for gold growth in Bosin software. The steel industry presents structural opportunities, some of which are high-end steel.
A strong demand is expected to induce steel companies to increase high-end capital spending, and the low profitability of some steel species is expected to generate significant demand for product-line re-engineering, while supply-side reforms are expected to accelerate the recovery of steel profits, add to the volatile external environment, and clear trends in national production, all of which are expected to boost significantly the demand for high-end automated engineering hardware and hardware, represented by Treasure Letter software.
We compare the 2004-2023 data on the net profit of the stockholding with the cash paid for the purchase of fixed assets, intangibles and other long-term assets (hereinafter referred to as “investment data”), and in general, when the share of the stock of the stock is the lowest value year, the investment data are the highest in absolute terms. And the investment data of the share of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock are the highest year.
In the meantime, there is a generally downward trend in the net return of the share of the steel to the mother. This confirms our view that when the steel industry goes down the cycle, as part of the production line can be changed off, it is expected to add a significant amount of investment in transformation, while part of the high-end steel plant is in demand and is expected to invest in the higher end, so we believe that the steel industry is in the current phase.
On 9 April 2024, seven departments recently jointly issued “Promoting technological upgrading.”
(a) The Programme proposes that by 2027, the scale of investment in equipment in the industrial sector will have increased by more than 25 per cent over 2023, with the size of industrial enterprises exceeding 90 per cent coverage of digital R & D design tools, 75 per cent control of critical process numbers, respectively;
We are the only country in the world with all the industrial sectors in the United Nations Industrial Classification, with 41 large, 207 medium and 666 industrial sub-categories and an increase in industry over the year 2023.
We believe that the promotion of equipment upgrading is expected to contribute to the development of new forms of industrialization, which are expected to drive high-end industrial-controlled national production, industrial communications, etc., by enabling industries to self-industrialization, the industrial Internet, and industrial informatization, among other things.
Track development of equipment, industrial software, etc.: (1) At the level of automation of industrial controls: national production of high-end plc/dcs/scada, etc., is the central direction.plc/dcs are the “brain” of industrial automation. Promotion of “industrial brain self-research” is urgent: (2) Industrial Internet dimension: development of communication technologies into new industries
It provides bottom-level network support, while new industrialization is expected to increase the demand for communication equipment/ware, such as industrial switches, industrial routers, modules, sensors, etc.; the industrial Internet platform is a bridge to inform, automate, analyse and process big data in conjunction with ai, digital twins, etc., and contributes significantly to the intellectualization of manufacturing;
(iii) At the industrial information level: the demand for management-type industrial software is expected to increase: (4) at the national production level: promotion of equipment upgrading and new industrialization requires a focus on science, technology and innovation, a sustained increase in R & D inputs, and a return to good industrial production and a sustained recovery in the benefits of industrial enterprises above scale in April.
In January-April, the profits of the equipment manufacturing industry increased by 16.3% over the same period, rising by 12.0 percentage points over the total industry, and pushing industrial profits by 4.7 cents.
Pointing is the most contributing industrial block. We believe that signs of recovery of the industrial plate are gradually emerging, profitability is increasing, and the intellectual manufacturing needs of Bosun software are expected to rise.2 Corporate excellence: alternative development of corporate national production is divided into “product end” plus “industry end”
+ “Globalization” three main lines, we believe that the three main lines of “product-end” + “industry-end” + “global outreach” alternative development for Treasure News software, with a long-term prospect of sustained opening of space for corporate growth, is expected to lead companies to move towards greater profitability:
(1) Product end: The company is a scarcely-owned, large-scale enterprise in the country, with large-scale plc as its core, which gradually deepens the layout of products produced in countries such as three power control systems, industrial robots, a large-scale model of ai, and is expected to open up (2) industry end: break-through from private steel companies, etc., to state steel such as the BMW Group.
The company’s Turing Robots are now on the bright side of the 2024 German Hanover Industrial Fair (the largest industrial technology in the world).
It's also Turing's first appearance on the international scene, and Turing's robot is the core of the Treasure Software Holdings, whose whole series of products have been certified by cr, c, eac and kcs to ensure that high safety and application standards in the European market are met.
In the long run, corporate globalization can expand.
China’s 500th largest company, China’s 500th largest manufacturing company, China’s 500th largest manufacturing company, China’s 500th largest manufacturing company, China’s 230th, and China’s 500th manufacturing company, China’s 157th largest manufacturing company. The Hun Wang Group and Bo-shin have maintained close cooperation in the area of national production.
As a leading steel company in China’s national army, the Hong Kong Group has repeatedly chosen the Treasure Software to conduct a full self-research of the plc product, reflecting the strong strength of the Treasure Software national product.
(1) Large-scale plc control system extension applications fall short of expectations. Automation operations with large plc control systems at their core are the core direction of the company ' s future development, and companies are now launching large plc products, which will affect the growth of corporate performance in the future if extension applications fall short of expectations.
(ii) Industrial robots are less developed than expected.
The development of the company ' s business is affected to a lesser extent. (3) The Idc sector is less advanced than expected, the Idc sector is asset-intensive, the construction cycle is long, the process is more frequent, and the construction progress is more substantial than the objective factors.
Depending on factors such as energy consumption, electricity, and other policy approvals, the build-up rate is somewhat influenced by downstream customer business developments. If central cities further strengthen their idc energy consumption regulatory policies and power controls, and if downstream customer business development is hampered in the short term, delivery and upscaling of the idc engine room will be affected.
(4) BMW M & A restructuring is below expectations.
To some extent, this has affected the development of the company ' s business.