Treasure letter software (600845.sh) - Quarterly Review 2024
A high increase in income in the first quarter was recorded. The company issued a 24q1 financial report with revenue of 3,391 million yuan (+34.44 per cent), resulting in a net profit of 590 million yuan (+18.19 per cent) from the mother and 586 million yuan (+20.31 per cent) from the non-mortality net profit.
At the same time, in December 23, the company acquired 42% of the “Shanghai Turing” equity and real control by means of a $195 million replenishment, and since January 24, “Shanghai Turing” has been included in the company’s consolidated statements.
The company leads the intelligent development of the steel industry with the ability to do so. With the launch of the 23-year Program for Steady Growth Work in the Steel Industry and the Guidance for Building Standards for Smart Manufacturing Systems in the Steel Industry (2023rd edition),
Wordization and intelligence are key to upgrading the industry. Companies publish the U.S.U.E.T.V.V., the Bo ' s cloud industry engine on Science and Technology Day, and the I.A. deep integration greatly enhances the application.
In March 24, after a rigorous review, the company became one of the first major firms in Shanghai to identify a total integrated contracting chain, leading to the development of an intelligent manufacturing industry. Automation was a high-growth business.
The project, which will be based on the latest national production of plc from Treasure Software and the new automated digital industry, is expected to be fully operational in March 2025. The next company and Hunan, BoS software (600845.sh)-singleq3, with profits growing by over 31%, will remain high-quality.
As a result of the co-operation of the Homwangplc product, the Homwang Group has again opted for the company's automation program, which further validates the BMW (600845.sh)-q2 revenue growth rate of 27%, and the Māori rate of the software business, which gives recognition to the company's products.
Treasure software (600845.sh) - Policy aids, robotics and automated business promise for the first time on the international stage and displays various production scenario applications. Future Turing machines: Treasure software (600845.sh) - Four quarters net profit increases by more than 60%, automatic
The robots have become the focus of corporate robotic growth in the steel industry, while accelerating the internationalization strategy. The net profit from the non-repatriation of the mother is $586 million (+20.31%).
Figure 2: Single-season operating income of the company and the rate of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, seeks independence, objectivity, impartiality and the conclusion is not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future