Prospective performance, global expansion of the Bointorin robot, continued decline in national production, high performance growth in the Treasure software (600845.sh), Turing Robot showcasing the German Industrial Fair, maintaining the "buy-in" rating.
On 23 April 2024, the company released its report for the first quarter of 2024, in which it realized a revenue of 3,391 million yuan for 2024q1, an increase of 34.44 per cent, a net return to the mother of 590 million yuan, an increase of 18.19 per cent, a deduction of 586 million yuan, an increase of 20.31 per cent, and an operating net cash flow of 470 million yuan, a decrease of the same ratio.
To achieve a Māori rate of 32.68%, with a high Māori self-researching and recognition rate, we judge that Māori rates are expected to rise over time. On April 22, 2024, the Bointouring Robotics showed a bright look at the German Hannoe Wei Industrial Fair (one of the largest industrial technology and automation exhibitions in the world), which was also Turing's first international exhibition.
Turing is the core business of the Treasure Software Consort, whose whole series of products has been certified by cr, c, eac, and kcs to ensure that high safety and application standards in the European market are met, and the company will continue to expand the International Business Network of Turing to help intelligent global manufacturing firms upgrade.
The Hun Wang Group, a private steel group, has used the Bozin National Product to demonstrate full recognition of the company, strong 230, and China’s manufacturing industry 500th, 157th place. The HONG Wang Group and Bosin have been working closely on nationalization.
Plc products, which the Hong Kong Group, as the leading Chinese-national steel company, has chosen to develop the whole of the plc product of the Treasure Software on many occasions, reflecting the strength of the national product of the Treasure Software.
Technical Cooperation with Hong Kong-Di, National Product Development Corporations are scarcely home-owned large-scale companies with large nuclei, with large nc at their core, deepening the three-power control industries, including ports - corporate update reports.
The layout of the products produced by systems, industrial robots, big models of ai, etc., is expected to open the door to long-term corporate growth, and we believe that the profitability of companies is expected to continue to improve as the domesticization of their projects continues.
The core of the letter software benefits from the company's update of the company's information, "Nationally produced plc again ordered by the Hong Kong Group to highlight the power of national production."