We're going to focus on industrial robots, idcs, and so on.
The company's major iron and steel information-related operations are warming up with the recovery of industry, and the company's profitability is expected to increase: in addition, the company has been investing more and more in R & D in recent years, and is planning to invest $540 million in a smart manufacturing R & D centre in Zhang Gang Soft Park, followed by high-tech industries such as industrial robots,
idc, large plc, etc. are expected to grow in volume, leading to growth in corporate performance. Given the current valuation service’s continued increase in R & D investment in high-technology areas, $540 million is proposed for the construction of smart manufacturing R & D centres:
The construction of the Smart Manufacturing Research and Development Centre on its own land (Bosin Zhangjiang Software Park) will help companies better attract the remaining items, more than 1,200 copyrights, artificial intelligence, industrial software, industrial Internet, autonomy, etc. in industrial Internet, big data centres, digital industry, robotics, etc.
Controllable industrial controls, robotics, data centres, big data, cloud computing, process models, green low carbon, etc. We believe that products such as industrial robots, idc, large plc, etc. are expected to open up new growth space for companies in the coming years.
The product portfolio, billions of dollars, equal to 20.3 per cent, grew faster in the first quarter of corporate automation and information business revenue, leading to a high rate of growth in corporate revenue. The generally lower Māori rate of related business led to a single quarter of Māori.
There is still room for improvement in profitability. Stock-taking Turing Robot, a German industrial fair with products of interest: on December 25, 2023, the company issued an announcement to hold the shares in the Shanghai map by means of a cash replenishment of up to RMB 197 million.
On April 22, 2024, the Bointouring Robotics show 2024, the world's largest industrial technology-related exhibition - the Hanover Industrial Fair in Germany. The Turing Robotics All Series has been carefully certified to meet the safety and application standards of the European market.
Letter software is expected to combine Turing robotics with technological reserves in industrial robots, especially in heavy-loading industrial robots, and in their own iron and steel industries.
The company's involvement in the construction of the national computing hub nodes and data centre industry, and the Bo Cloud-related business is steadily moving forward. Bo's total size of the North China base project is 20,000 8kw cabinets; long triangles.
The Digital Science and Technology Centre has a total of 20,000 hangars, a total of 10,500 hangars, and a total of 7,000 hangars planned for the Treasure Mountain base. The Treasure Mount Data Centre provides 1,066 5kw-20kw power density idc services for users and plans to provide approximately 6,000 installed aircraft.
We believe that in the coming years, with rising demand for demand-side computing, supply-side high-end chip supply, reheating + the impact of the epidemic on construction, the growth of corporate idc operations is expected to increase significantly in the future.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.