The company's review report for the Bosin software (600845), dated 0904, 2024, continued to improve profitability and speed up the deployment of the new industry.
- Treasure letter software (600845.sh) 2023 annual report stocktaking, with key business indicators maintaining robust growth and continuous improvement in the quality and efficiency of operations a/ Circulation Unit (millions of shares):
In 2023, the company insisted on planning leadership to further upgrade its product and platform capacity through strategic transformationa total equity (millions of shares): strength, with robust growth in key business indicators throughout the year and a further increase in profit margins.
Market value in circulation (million yuan): 2,554 million yuan, an increase of 16.82 per cent over the same year; net operating cash inflows of 2,608 million yuan. The company ' s annual Māori rate is 36.92 per cent, an increase of 3.88 pct over the same period the previous year.
In 2023, the company expanded its research and development investment around two major new industries: industrial software and artificial intelligence, with the goal of breaking through core technologies, launching high-end products and developing demonstration applications.
To achieve breakthroughs in the nationalization of key industrial software, large-scale models of the metallurgical industry, building autonomous, controlled industrial software industry systems, and guaranteeing data security and technology control. Companies are vigorously developing process-based industry markets, represented by the steel industry, completing multiple major project contracts, and raising market ownership rates.
High; breakthroughs in the non-steel market in 2023 in the area of colour, chemicals, mines, new materials, etc., using knowledge spillover effects.
Annual report stocktaking: steady growth in performance and continuous upgrading of innovation capabilities
In 2022, the National Dollar Securities Corporation ' s Research-Possior Software (600845.sh) modeled access to the Borowun Platform, and the Boo and Raas models landed on multiple steel bases; inspection machinery reporting points: achieving steady growth in performance and steadily increasing investment in research and development.
The research and development of the first suite of dogs, mobile temperature-sampling robots in front of stoves, etc., has been well advanced; it has been able to build up the capital of Tulling Robotics to strengthen industrial competitiveness in the field of high-end industrial robotics. The company has been promoting the development and promotion of plc products, setting up a digital industry institute, focusing on site-oriented real-time production.
The industrial digital base of computing, industrial communications, industrial control and industrial safety equals one.
The company has been working for years in industrial manufacturing, increasing its efforts to develop high-tech information technology, growing new growth, growing space and continuing growth in corporate business, and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Core technical capabilities raise the risk of inadequate capacity-building in the “one headquarters multi-base” internal control compliance system; and merger project planning and implementation risks.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.