Treasure software (600845.sh)
The company announced its performance in the first quarter of 2024, q1 earned 3,391 million yuan, i.e. +34.4 per cent of the year; the net return was $590 million, i.e. +18.2 per cent of the year; the net profit was $586 million, i.e., +20.3 per cent of the year; the performance was in line with the rapid growth in automation and informationization operations; and cost control was good: corporate automation and
Revenues from information-based operations have grown faster, leading to a high rate of growth in corporate revenue. The generally low Māori rate in related operations has led to a decline of 7.58 percentage points to 32.68 per cent in the same quarter.
Stockholding Turing Robots, the products in question show up at the German Industrial Fair: On December 25, 2023, the company issued an announcement that, by means of a cash replenishment of up to RMB 197 million, it holds the shares of Shanghai Tata Image Robotics Co. Ltd.., April 22, 2024.
2024 The largest industrial technology-related exhibition in the world - the Hanover Industrial Fair in Germany. The Turing Machine Series has been certified to meet European market safety and application standards.
The technological reserves of robotics in the technology and their own steel industry, the ai+digital economy driving the demand for numeric robotics in the corporate steel industry, and the company’s perennial idc area: recently, with both the chatgpt and the digital economy at home, there has been a steady rise in arithmetic interest.
The company has been involved in the construction of the national computing hub nodes and data centre industry, and the Bo Cloud-related business has been steadily moving forward. Bo was officially launched at the North China base in September 2022. The total size of the project is 20,000 8kw cabinets; the Long Triangle Digital Technology Centre has a total of 20,000 cabinets, the Treasure Clouds.
A total of 10,500 hangars are planned for the fifth phase, and 7,000 for the Treasure Mountain base. At the same time, according to the company ' s latest announcement, on 11 January 2023, the data centre at the Treasure Mall Mountain base was opened, providing 1,066 5kw-20kw power density idc services to users and planning to provide approximately 6,000 machines
We believe that the growth in corporate idc’s operations is expected to increase significantly in the coming years, with rising demand for demand-side computing, high-end supply of chips + less impact on construction. This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.