Pcl+Industrial Robots opened up the growth space and Bosin software (600845.sh) reported a one-quarter review report in 2024, with over-expected growth in the first quarter of 2024, and a sustained improvement in the income structure of the company.
The first quarter of 2024 saw an increase of 34.44 per cent in revenue on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to higher revenues from automation and information. At present, industrial software is growing rapidly, driven by a combination of policies and markets, and the country’s market share of industrial automation is increasing.
The company is expected to benefit as the core of the industry. plc is progressing well, digging deep into the technology of the moat. After many years of development, the company has built up a national production of chemical hardware and software at the heart of a large, self-controlled plc.
It is expected that downstream industrial demand will be released further under policy catalysts, and that the company’s core strengths in the medium and large plc area will be highlighted. The layout is artificial intelligence, arithmetic, and opens the second growth curve.
In addition, the company combines artificial intelligence, big data technology, and niche operations, and is expected to boost the edge of high-end industrial robotics through the new layout of the capital holding Turing Robots.
A fully autonomous design, R & D, production, application of the home-grown robotics, and well-developed product layouts in a wide range of sectors, such as new energy sources, metal processing, and equipment manufacturing. In addition, the company received “Shanghai Turing” in the form of a $195 million replenishment.
42% of equity, with real control, “Shanghai Turing” has been included in the Treasures Consolidated Statement since January 2024. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: in 2024, companies are expected to benefit from the pcl+robots in depth
Delivery is not as fast as expected; medium-sized large plc needs are not as expected; policies are not as fast as expected; industrial robots are not as advanced as expected. \triangleright
I do not receive any form of compensation directly or indirectly for my specific recommendation or opinion in this report.