All-country production of plc is again ordered by the Hong Kong Group, which demonstrates the power of national production, the Bosin software (600845.sh) Guangxi Hongwang is the Guangxi base of the Hong Kong Group, which specializes in the production of cold-rolled stainless steel, silicon steel and accompanies.
On the morning of 27 March 2024, the company and Guangxi Hongwang made a successful signing ceremony for the 1550 Cold Rolling Package. The project will use the company’s latest national production of plc products, as well as a brand-new automated digital industry site.
Dsf (digitalshoploor) overall solution, which is expected to be officially operational by March 2025. This time, 1550 cold-rolling works were signed, with a design capacity of 1.5 million tonnes/year, with a contract value of around 700 million yuan.
The Hong Kong Group, a private steel group, has repeatedly used the Bo-Sin national product to fully demonstrate its recognition of the company. The Ho-Sin Group has previously worked closely with Bo-Sin on national production. The Hun-Sung base is a one-time, full-scale demonstration of the scale of the plant-wide cold-rolling application of the Hun-Sin software.
Pilot project for the largest national production control system, involving 15 lines, more than 100 self-research plc. Corporate self-researching large plc systems fully meets the needs of high-speed multi-processing units, such as smelting cold-heating mills, and is accompanied by high-performance, high-reliability low-cost plant applications, represented by continuous fire-resistance 3 systems
At the same level of national and international sophistication, the Hong Kong Group, as the leading steel company of the Chinese National Battalion, has chosen the Treasure Letter on several occasions, and the software has developed a whole-of-the-art plc product that fully reflects the strong power of the national product of the Treasure Software. • Substitution of the national production of the large autonomous plc+ industrial robot +ai model as the core driver of growth.
The Māori Rates, Red Rates, Cash Flows are all mentioned.
The distribution of products produced by systems, industrial robots, i-models, etc., is expected to open the door to long-term corporate growth, and we believe that corporate profitability is expected to continue to grow as the company’s national production projects continue.
There's a great deal of room for this -- company information updates, internal and external resonance, large-scale plc national production replacements -- company information updates, 2024.2.19.