The roll-out is expected to increase by the end of the year with the release of the Financial Interest Policy Notice for the Implementation of the Equipment Renewal Loan by the Four Departments (600845.sh).
According to the Ministry of Finance's official public number, interest-rate policy specifies that the equipment renewal loan will receive a discount and specifies the rate-rate criteria and the specific time frame (completed between 7 March 2024 and 31 December 2024).
In accordance with earlier policy requests for equipment upgrades in the industrial sector: (1) by 2027, the size of the industrial sector will increase by more than 25 per cent over 2023; and (2) the size of the industrial enterprise digitized R & D designers.
The rate of penetration, critical process numbers control is more than 90%, 75%: (3) accelerated replacement of inefficient equipment, upgrading of advanced high-end equipment, promotion of the application of smart manufacturing equipment, etc. We believe that equipment upgrades are expected to boost industrial hardware and software equipment, industrial robots, large-scale i-models, etc.
• Alternative development of a company's national production is divided into three main lines: “product end” + “industry end” + “globalization” (1) product end: a company is a scarcely-owned, large-scale enterprise with a large plc, centred on a large plc, gradually deepening the layout of products produced in countries such as three power control systems, industrial robots, i large models, and is expected to hit
Long-term growth space for start-up companies; (2) industry end: break-through from private steel companies to state-owned steel companies such as the BMW Group, which is expected to expand gradually to major sectors such as ports; (3) globalization: the company has embarked on a stainless steel cooling project in Yongwan, Indonesia, and intends to set up a Saudi Arabian branch, with a company chart
In the long run, corporate globalization has expanded. The Hun Wang Private Steel Group has repeatedly used the Treasure Courage product to give full prominence to the recognition of corporate products.
It is hoped that the valuation will be reshaped – company update report – strong 230, and China’s manufacturing industry 500 – 157th. In terms of national production, the Hong Kong Group and the company have "Credible Carbon Reduction from Iron and Steel" in the near future.
Close cooperation has been maintained between the Hundang base in Hundang, Guangxi base, and others, through the introduction of the Treasure House National Product, which is expected to increase demand - corporate update report - plc products, which fully reflects the strong power of the Treasure Software National Product.
National Ingenuity Needs Upward, Self-Researching of Large Plac Lumps ready - Corporate Information Update Report -