• China's Bo-Wu and Bo-Sin software is a big push for the development of new-quality productivity, and the Bo-Sin software has been selected for Science-Change Enterprise.
According to the State Treasury Committee's website, the most recent list of “CRIS” companies has been published, and the Bo-Sin software has been selected for the “CRIS” company.
The development of new-quality productivity and a strong push for the company ' s Treasurehouse software to capture key core technologies have now led to a nationalized breakthrough or even overstepping of large-scale plc (programmable logic controller) products, robotics, scada (data capture and surveillance control systems), real-time databases, and so on.
As a scarce home-grown high-tech lead business, Treasurehouse software will benefit from new-quality productivity development, and valuation is urgently needed. We maintain that the forecast of net return profits for the company for 2024-2026 is divided into three main lines: “product end” + “industry end” + “globalization” for alternative development of the company’s national production.
(1) Product end: the company is a scarcely-owned, large-scale plc enterprise in the country, with a large plc core gradually deepening the layout of the products produced by the three power control systems, industrial robotics, and the i-large model, which is expected to open up the company's long-term growth space; (2) industry end: break-through from private steel companies, etc.
State-owned steel companies, such as the Bulwar Group, are expected to expand gradually to major sectors such as ports; (3) globalization: the company has embarked on a stainless steel cooling project in Yongwang, Indonesia, and is proposing to establish a Saudi Arabian branch, while the corporate Turing robot has become visible on the international scene, and corporate globalization is likely to expand in the long run.
On several occasions, the Hun Wang Private Steel Group has used the Treasures’ national product to demonstrate full recognition of the company’s products.
Demand is expected to rise - corporate information update reports. Close cooperation is maintained, with bases such as the Hundang base in Hunan, Guangxi and others using the plc product from the Treasure Nation, which is a strong indicator of the strength of the national production of the Treasure Software.
"National Ingenuity Needs Up, Self-Researching the Big Plac Dragon Rushing -- Corporate Information Updates."
It's expanding, it's nationalized, it's falling.