Seven sectors together have upgraded equipment in the industrial field, benefiting from the core of the Treasure Software (600845.sh)
• Seven sectors together promote equipment upgrading in the industrial sector, in parallel with the creation and transformation, maintaining a “buy-in” rating for the year, with an increase of more than 25 per cent in the volume of investment in equipment in the industrial sector over 2023 and the digitization of industrial enterprises above scale
Substitution, upgrading of state-of-the-art equipment, promotion of the application of smart manufacturing equipment, acceleration of the greening of production equipment, with the steel industry accelerating the implementation of ultra-low-emission conversions to existing high-alerts, switch furnaces, electric stoves, etc.
The industrial Internet, the information industry software, the ai big model, and so on, are expected to benefit the core. We maintain the expectation that the public and the Hong Kong group will be the private steel group, and that the company will be fully recognized on several occasions using the products produced by the Bosun State, strong 230, and China’s 500th manufacturing company 157th.
In close cooperation, the Hunang base in Hunan is a demonstration of the scale of the full-scale application of the Bosin software self-research plc product for a factory-wide cold-rolling process, and is currently the largest demonstration of the national production control system in the country. The project involves 15 lines, more than 100 self-research plc; Bosin recommends on the morning of 27 March 2024.
Guangxi Hongwang signed the 1550 Cold Rolling Package, which will use the company's latest national production of plc products, and the new, automated digital industry site dsf (digitalshoploor) as a whole, and is expected to be officially operational by March 2025. As a leading Chinese national steel company, the Hong Kong Group has chosen Bo-Sin-Shun for several times.
The full-scale self-research of the plc product by the All-Hungarian Group is a strong expression of the powerful national product of Treasure Software.
• Substitution of national production at the core of the autonomous large plc+industrial robot +ai model as a core growth driver
The Māori Rates, Red Rates, Cash Flows, and others, the layout of products produced by systems, industrial robots, big models of ai, are expected to open up the long-term growth of the company, and the associated turnover is expected to increase at a high rate - the company.
In the meantime, we believe that the company’s profitability is expected to continue to increase as its national production projects continue to develop.
There's a lot to be done on a one-size-fits-all basis to update the company's information.