Quarterly review in 2024: overperformance, rapid progress by plc and machiners 3,391 million yuan in current revenues, 34.44 per cent more than the previous year; net return to the mother of 590 million yuan, compared to the same increase
▪ Operating cash flows performed well and the Māori rate continued to be robust: in 2024 o1, company operating year q1, company R & D costs were 9.45 per cent, a decrease of 3.44 ptt compared to the previous year; sales costs were  signed by Guangxi Hongwang, and automated products accelerated national production penetration: 27 March 2024 a.m.
This project will be launched in March 2025 with the latest national production of plc products using the Treasure software, as well as an overall solution for the new automated digital industry, dsf (digitalshoploor) site, which is expected to be officially launched in March 2025.
Production and use. This 1550 cold-rolling project, with a design capacity of 1.5 million tonnes/year, with a contract of around 700 million yuan/year. The follow-up plan will be 10 million tonnes/year.
For the first time in the international arena, robots have highlighted their strategy of taking on a weapon of war and serving the world. Turing robots have shown new types of industrial robotic solutions, such as 30 kilograms of collusive work, power-controlled grinding and integration workstations, industrial welding packages and process packages, and collaborative welding machines.
Human mobile workstations and binary collaboration workstations.
Review: Self-research products are breaking through, smart manufacturing is becoming more nationalized, robotic penetration is increasing, and companies are expected to accelerate their growth. But by The Treasure Software (600845): Equity incentives are increasing
Coherent, steel digitally digitized dragon sailing, Treasurestone software's three major financial forecasting forms, Dong Oo Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has become eligible for portfolio investment consultancy.