Glossy glass (600660.0.sh) Net return profit increases by 46% over the same period, and continues to push up the efficiency improvement ring +2.02 pct. Companies continue to push for efficiency gains, taking into account core profits (business income - operating costs)
The car glass has accelerated its evolution, and the industry is expected to enter a new wave of eruptions. The car glass has a single surface of more than 4 m2 and has a smart upgrade space. In recent years, Mi, Ui, Biadi and others have been driving the plating of the sky and changing the skyscreen; the BMW has proposed the p-hud concept, which has accelerated the intellectualization of the car glass.
Technology research and development, with high-value-added products such as smart panorama glass, fine-tuned glass, glass-up display, high-value-added products up by 5 pccs per year over 24 years, is expected to lead to a new wave of eruptions. Favourable competitive advantages are derived from scale effects, high automation, vertical industrial chains, human costs, etc., and are displayed backwards.
At the end of the scale, the company sold 156 million square metres, at 4.3 square metres per vehicle, equivalent to 36 million vehicles, measuring a 36% + and an increase of 1.88 pct for the world as a whole.
Looking forward to the start of a new cycle of productive energy, which will continue to boost the inhaling effect of headline enterprises, the city’s share is expected to increase continuously. “Future glass (600660.0.sh) – a single-quarter income innovation, a year-on-year net interest rate equals the price, the price of the carbs rose from 174 yuan in 20 years to 229 yuan in 24 years, and the price of the carcagr was 7.0 per cent.
Glossy Glass (600660.0.sh) - The scale effect continues to be reflected in the three-quarters of Māori penetration, accompanied by high-value-added glass penetration, and we predict an industry bicycle value of 7% + for 25-27 years.
The company is the global champion of the bountiful carbohydration, which continues to outpace the industry at a rate of more than a quarter of a year.
In the general trend of intelligence, car glass is expected to increase from 4 m2 to 6 m2; 2) single square metre value increase (hud, luminous, plating, insulation, wrapping, 5g communications, etc.), and the single vehicle value increase from 600 to about 1,000 yuan in the current year, looking forward to more than 2,000 dollars.
Intelligent products open new horizons, and industry is expected to continue to rise. Considering the company’s share of higher value-added products, growth, and good overseas progress, we maintain profit forecasts, with global car glass leaders expected to return to the mother for 25-27 years, with a “better than the big market” rating.
2501 The net profit from maternity increased by 46% over the same period, and the income rose to an all-time high.
Raw material prices have contributed well, and it is hoped that they will continue to benefit from the fall in raw materials and shipping prices. The company’s Nucleus has benefited both from the low price of pure alkaline and from the fall in maritime freight prices, which began to rise in March 2024, and from the continued realization of scale effects, the company’s profitability has improved over time.
The rate of management costs for 2501 companies decreased by 1.14 pct on a year-on-year basis, and efficiency gains continued to increase. The company ' s first volatility was higher in 2025, mainly due to the company ' s 24-year system of further strengthening the retroactive quality management of the entire industrial chain of car glass. The costs of packaging were adjusted to the impact of operating costs, and management costs benefited from the company ' s continuing decline in efficiency gains.
Figure 9: Changes in Four Cost Ratios for Fashion Glasses, Figure 10: Changes in Four Cost Ratios for the Flossle Glass Single Quarters, Four Stages of Fashion and High Value Added Products Opening a New Phase.
The industry has an oligopolistic pattern, with a domestic market share of over 70% of the glass, a global market share of over 36%, and the youngest and fastest-growing member of the big car glass supplier. The core competitiveness of the glass, we sum up, lies in the rapid laying of the capacity, vertical extension of the industrial chain, and the genetic dividend of the asset-intensive population sector.
The results of the competition, reflected in the company's high Maori, high market share, go back to the history of the Favour Group and its founder, Mr. Cao DeWant, and we believe that the core competitiveness of the company is formed at the following critical points. (1) In 1987, China and China were founded as joint ventures, and (2) in 1995 focused on the main industry, creating a “favourable” brand and accelerating production capacity when it came to the market.
Extensions; 3) San Goban temporarily exited the Chinese market in 1999 and Fukuyo continued to push the domestic layout; 4) Homemade floating glass in 2004 improved the autonomous control of the industrial chain; 5) Expedited out to sea in 2015, with overseas factories equipped with global automobile companies; 6) Global car glass leader in 2020, entering a two-tier new growth cycle. Fukuyo now occupies 36% of the world.
The above share of the market for car glass, with overseas layout (Europe, North America) and continued improvement in profitability, has benefited from an upturn in the price of bicycle glass, with high performance and high values at the moment. At the end of the spectrum: a new cycle of expansion of capacity is set in motion, with a sustained increase in global market share expected.
In 2024, the company sold 155.87 million m2 of car glass, converted from 4.33 m2 of glass per vehicle, and 10,000 vehicles, measured at 10 per cent of vehicle sales based on post-sale market demand, accounted for 36 per cent + the global market for corporate car glass, compared with 1.88 pt.
(b) The domestic layout of Fukuyo continues to expand, building domestic production capacity around the main plant and the port in 11 cities of the country, with the country currently producing approximately 32.5 million units, which are accompanied by the construction of multi-land floating lines such as Fukugi, truncing, Fertilizer, etc.
The company is actively expanding the Fertilizer and Fukuking plants, with a projected investment of $3.25 billion to build 20.5 million m2 of car safety glass production scale; and $5.75 billion in fertilizer to build 26.1 million m2 of car safety.
In North America, the second phase of the factory was launched, and the global layout of high-value-added products was further improved. In order to seize the opportunity of global growth, especially North America’s share of the pre-suits, companies were steadily expanding overseas.
The built-up car glass production base (phase I) began production in August 2015, with the company ' s largest global car glass monolithic plant in Ohio, United States, in October 2016, with an original capacity of 5.5 million units in the United States (15 per cent in research and development), and a pilot production at Ohio ' s second plant in late last year, with new capacity for plating.
High-value-added products, such as membrane skyscreens, laminates, and windows, improve the layout of high-value-added production lines overseas. We believe that this replenishment is expected to open a new cycle of productive capacity, continue to boost corporate head-line inhalation, and the global market share of corporate automobile glass operations is expected to continue to rise with the signal of expansion.
Price: Continued research and development, higher value-added product share, car glass is the largest single-car component, the skyscreen and smart applications are vast, and the area of the car is expected to increase simultaneously. The size of the car glass has reached 4m2.
The growth of the need for skyscreen glass, open panorama windows, etc., has now reached 5 m2 or more, becoming the largest spare parts for the use of bicycles, we're counting the first 55 models sold in the first half of this year with the skyscreen (unopenable and larger than 0.5 m2) at 15% and the big skylight at 15%.
With 47%, the glass area of the bicycle is expected to continue to rise, while smart glass, such as smart light, heat insulation, is expected to speed up the ride, and smart car lights, smart interiors, etc., provide an intelligent driving experience and a wide market space. The forward-looking technology reserve guarantees a leading edge, and the company’s bicycle value continues to rise. To maintain a competitive advantage, there is a fair amount of beauty.
The group created a research and development team of more than 5,600 people and spent more than 4% of its annual revenues on innovative research and development, higher than overseas car glass taps. Today, Fukuyo has achieved 100% ownership of core technology, led or participated in the development of 53 national and international standards, and successfully solved 13 “cricket” technology challenges in the industry.
Fukuyo Group’s sales of high-value-added products increased by 5 pct over the same period the previous year. From breaking technical barriers abroad to exploring future innovations, a new industry pattern led by glory has evolved, high-value-added products are getting on board, one-stop shops are comfortable, privacy needs are up, and there is sufficient stock for the new wonders, and the plating and plating sky is about to break out.
Fukuyo takes the lead in the field of skyscreens, is active in the layout, plating, and has been supplied to mainstream and autonomous branded electric smart cars. Currently, the Fukuoka light glass products can be divided into pdlc, thermally variable boulders and ec light glass, of which pdlc can be tuned to the full-screen glass as a fitting in the map free.
10 degrees of light can be modulated, with 99% UV cut off; heat-changed glass can customize multiple glass colours, and colours can vary depending on temperature; ec-lighted skyscreens have low foginess, automatic intelligence sensors, insulation, etc., which achieves a gradientd change of colored light in polar helium 001, wide aionsplus, bi.
Adi seals, etc. Figure 14: Biadi seals carrying ec light +low-e panorama screens, front-curve glass matching hud needs, plating products starting to get in the car. The car industry is small from being installed on the dashboard.
2d screens, with a new generation of 3d booster reality (ar-hud) that integrates images with the external environment of vehicles. Hud upgrades to driver safety are expected to continue to grow at a compound annual growth rate of over 24% (cagr) between 2021 and 2026.
The angle changes to make sure that the hud project is true, and there is a silver plating scheme for cars like Misu7 in front, which further upgrades to insulation and upgrading of front row comforts.
Figure 16: The front-stop hud accelerates in the car, and it is expected that the value of the Glossy Glass will accelerate from $1,000 to more than $2,000. The Glossy has now made breakthroughs in the core technical areas of car key glass-forming processes and equipment, glass antennas, plating, photovoltaics, etc.
We'll continue to develop lightly quantified super-bullet glass, plating glass, looking up glass, ultra-segregated glass, wired eccentric 5g glass, smart pan-screen glass, and so on. At the end of the vehicle, it's shown that the sky is upscaled, front plating Hud is upgraded, side windows are upscaled to soundproof glass, with a single car value of $1,000 from the previous one.
The investment proposal is: to continue to recommend a global champion glass on a high-quality track, maintaining a “better than the big city” rating. To maintain a profit forecast and a better than the big city rating.
Core competitiveness and certainty of future performance growth in dimensions such as value-based product areas, with short-term improvements in North America's profitability and continuing cost reductions, medium-term improvements in global domestic production, high market shares, low customer concentration, strong certainty of performance growth in the context of clean-up, North America,
The domestic enrichment of Fuqing and Fertilizer, among others, is expected to open a new cycle of production, with a sustained increase in the global market share of car glass operations under the expanded signal; with a long-term positive trend of smartness, car glass is expected to increase the quantity of car glass (area) from 4 to 6 square metres; and 2) the value of single square metres is increased (plating).
Imbrane, insulation, bundling, hud, lumbering, 5g communications, etc.) were raised from $600 to over $2,000. After that, glass, p-hud, smart products opened up new horizons and industry asp was expected to continue to rise. We maintained profitability, strong certainty, and a “better than the big market” rating.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject