Fukuokalassindustrygroup (60660ch) Quarterly 2025: Māori Rings are better than repair and new capacity is released than expected 25q1review: gpmarginimprovedqoq; newcapacitationramp-upbeatetextations
Opinion Focus: Investmentfocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forenglichsummary) Quarterly Report 2025: The Company's 25q1 harvest of $997 million, corresponding to/for the ring
The company’s 25q1 car glass business continued to grow in terms of the share of products it received, and its product structure was further optimized, prompting it to continue to do so. By region, the company’s domestic gas base received +11.73% of the same amount, adding back to the factory’s unreceived sales.
After-centre revenues were higher than +17.1%, while the foreign-bore revenues were higher than the auto industry by +11.15% (China ' s car output increased by +14.5%, overseas car production increased by 6.7%). The q1 Māori ratio was repaired, and it is expected that the raw materials and freight costs will fall throughout the year.
The revenue of $350 million, compared to $70 million in the same period last year, is largely due to a significant increase in exchange rate gains and further increases in profits. Throughout the year, we believe that companies are expected to continue to benefit from the continuing decline in heavy-alkali prices and shipping costs, offsetting the impact of new production uphills in the United States and the country.
Competition patterns are optimized, and the share of production expansion support continues to rise. As new energy car intelligence continues to deepen, high-value-added glass products and aluminium apparel have increased penetration rates in new vehicles.
At a time when overseas counterparts had experienced a contraction, competition patterns were further optimized, companies were actively expanding their production to further boost their market share. According to corporate disclosure, the US had 1.5 million high value-added products in the second phase, which had come into production at the end of last year and had been on a smooth slope since the beginning of the year.
Construction of 26.1 million m2 of new car safety glass project and 26.1 million m2 of car safety glass project, car parts and glass project and two high-quality floating lines of French glass are also entering the productive release phase, further supporting the overall production structure.
Profit predictions and investment ratings. Corporate excellence in industrial competitiveness is expected to further strengthen its head-on effect, leading to a sustained increase in product prices, while globalization synergies and supply chain management
It is expected that the efficiency gains will continue to be reduced and the costs of raw materials and shipping will continue to fall, offsetting the new production growth below expectations, and the company’s capacity will not be released as expected.
Wang Shenzhenoscarwang, cfa