Outlook for the development of Glossy Glass in the North American market — series of thematic reports on (iv) April 12, 2002
The size of the market, and the size of the North American steam market, is growing at a low and steady rate. We measure the current and unattended market size of the North American automobile glass market (including the zeroem+am market). With the rate of car scrapping and the pre-blocking loss rate stable, the size of the North American car glass market is growing at a low and steady rate, and the overall market size (including the oem+am market) is expected to grow at a low rate, as the volume of production and the volume of car glass continues to grow at a steady rate.
In 2024, 19.3 billion yuan increased steadily to 24.2 billion yuan in 2030, with a compound growth rate of about 4%.
Thus, high barriers shape good competition in the automotive glass industry, and the global and North American automotive glass industries have developed high concentrations. The major automobile glass suppliers in the North American market include Fukuoka glass, twilight, Sangoban, and titanium, among others, have become the leading car glass suppliers in the US carbomarket.
In terms of the share, the main competitors in North America (the Xinzi, the Steam Nico and the San Goban) are not single-bond owners, and the industry is currently in a low-profit state, with a low overall willingness to expand, and the main development goals for the future are focused on increasing profitability and operating efficiency.
With the rising profitability of subsequent products + the decline in depreciation amortization + the increase in management and efficiency + the increase in high-value-added products + the net interest rate of American factories will be realized at the current level – a proposal for investment: a proposal for a global champion in the automotive glass industry.
1) The company actively expands the boundaries of the “one glass” by increasing research on smart glass, integration trends, continuing the aluminium apparel business, and increasing the global share of bicycles #2) to keep the upward trend, and Fyo is expected to capture a larger share of competing firms in overseas markets with a high-quality & high-value competitive advantage. Market size: North America’s carbon market is growing at a slow and steady pace.
Competition patterns: The North American car glass market is well organized, competitively moderate, and the medium-term dimensions of the glazing glass are rising exponentially in the North American market.
Market size: The size of the North American steam market remains stable and low, and we measure the current and future market size of the North American car glass market. The core assumption is that the average single-car value of the North American car estate in 2024 will be $960 and the subsequent compound rate will be maintained at 3% (the current level in North America).
The upward trend in the carbide is not yet very clear, using conservative growth assumptions;2 a compound increase in vehicle production in North America is assumed to be 1 per cent;3 and the price of the North American front glass in 2024 was $323 and the subsequent compound increase was maintained at 2 per cent.4 In North America, the follow-on compound increase in vehicle sales was 1 per cent:5 and the North American car end-of-life rate was maintained at 4.2 per cent, while the front windfall rate was 3 per cent.
Measured results: The size of the North American Volbom market was 15.7 billion yuan in 2024 and will grow to 19.9 billion yuan in 2030: the size of the North American Volboam market was 3.6 billion yuan in 2024 and 4.3 billion yuan in 2030; the combined size of the North American Volco zeroem and am market was 2024, and the pattern of competition was: the pattern of the North American auto glass market was good and the competition was moderate
Competition patterns: A better pattern of competition in the North American automotive glass market High barriers shape a good pattern of competition in the automotive glass industry.
Networks; 2. Motor glass manufacturing techniques are demanding and demanding, and the mainframe has a longer product certification cycle; 3. High financial inputs, heavy asset patterns, car glass and car-grade floating glass production lines require high investment. * Thanks to high barriers in the automotive glass industry, good competitive patterns in the automotive glass industry and high concentration in industry, global and North America.
The automotive glass industry has developed a high concentration market. Figure 1: Global competitive pattern of the car glass market in 2023 (sales calibre) Figure 2: United States competitive pattern of the car glass market in 2024 (sales calibre)
Fukuyo: Continuing to increase US market inputs, the profitability of US factories continues to rise, and Fukuyo has long plowed into the US car glass market and continues to expand. Fukuyo has established business institutions before going to the US factory (three subsidiaries were established from 1994 to 2013).
In 2013, Fukuyo began investing in American factories, and from 2015 to 2016 Fukuyo Ohio and Illinois floated in \checkmark.
Currently, Fukuyo has a combined capacity of 6.8 million car glass units per year in the United States (5.5 million units of 0em, 4 million units of am) and 280,000 tons of floating glass per year. Fukuyo is currently expanding the capacity of American carbs and floats.
A car-grade floating glass production line, Fukuoka: Continuing to increase US market input, increasing US factory profitability, and continuing US factory cashing income and profits.
In addition to being affected by the epidemic in 2020, the revenue from American factories as a whole has been increasing, with the year 2024, the year the U.S. profit end, the year the U.S. factory came into operation in 2016, the year 2017, with the balance of gains and losses achieved, and the year 2018 with the production \checkmark
Net interest rates for climbing a slope amounted to 7.21%; the year 2020 was in a state of balance of gains and losses when the epidemic affected the country.
There are three production bases in North America. Of these, Xinzi has two factories on American soil, and one in Mexico, which has almost completed its marketing coverage of the major vehicle markets in North America.
At the end of the harvest, the income from the Xinzia region was almost stable. Between 70 billion and 75 billion yen were affected by the epidemic in 2020, and the epidemic gradually fell to 55.6 billion yen in 2021-2023.
In 2023, the Xi-Nitro-American region generated 101.2 billion yen, an increase of 20.03 per cent. The profitability of the Xi-Ni-Bob business continues to be low. Depending on the availability of data, we assess its profitability in North America by using the Xi-Ti-Car glass business rate.
At a lower overall level, the operating profit rate for the Xinazine-related operations is around 1-4% in the years 2020, 2022, excluding the years in which the disease caused the loss.
The medium-term development strategy for the ballistics business is “to improve profitability and efficiency through price policies, structural improvements, and a sustained shift to high-performance, high-value-added products.” The thiazine glass (car glass) business capex is generally at a low level.
In recent years, the amount of capital spending on the \checkmark car glass business has been below the depreciation amortization level, reflecting the company’s low willingness to expand its operations. The strategy for operating the nitro-air business is primarily aimed at increasing profitability.
The Bolivian operation is planned to maintain revenue at the level of 510 billion yen, with operating profit rates rising from 436% in 2023 to 5.10% in 2026. Of this, Xinzi is also making structural changes to the North American gas industry, with plans to reduce old production lines and streamline spare parts positions.
Profitability target [circ}  Depreciation amortization of glass operations (billion yen)
▪ Glass operations capital expenditure (millions of yen) Plate Nitros: The intention to expand the industry is low, the profit rate is higher Plate Nitros has a large number of production facilities in North America. In the case of floating glass, it has 27 floating lines around the world, 6 of which are in North America.
In the case of car glass, there are five boulders in the United States, two in Canada, and one in Mexico. The boulders cover the major vehicle markets in North America in a variety of production facilities.
At the end of the harvest, the income of the Protein Nitrogas has increased as a whole, with Fy2021 experiencing a similar decline in the impact of the epidemic, a gradual recovery after the outbreak, and Fy2024, which generated 164.5 billion yen in operating income, an increase of 22.12 per cent.
With limited availability of data, we assess the profitability of its operations in North America by using the operating margins of the Protein. The company ' s operating margins have fallen from fy 2012 to fy2019, of which the Fy 2022 is operating at -286%; as the effects of global public health events have been eliminated, the company ' s car revenues have been reduced.
In recent years, the level of capital expenditure on the Proton industry has been consistently low.
Since 2016, the capital expenditure and depreciation amortization of the flat titanium has remained essentially at the same level, in particular, the depreciation amortization of the fy2022-fy2023 over capital expenditure, reflecting the overall low willingness to expand the car glass business.
For the group as a whole, it is planned to achieve a strategic target of 7% operating profit rate by March 2027; for the automotive glass business, it is planned to increase the level of operating profit from 3% in March 2024 to 2027  car glass capital expenditure (billion yen)
San Goban: The car industry focuses on Mexico, also with the objective of increasing profits. San Goban has a concentration of gas production in Mexico in the North American region. San Gobán currently has three factories in Mexico.
For the saltillo, sendai and cuautla plants; moreover, San Goban has a commercial and design office in the United States (Micchigan) and a service centre (California).
From the end of the harvest, the revenue from San Goban ' s car glass business in the North American region remained essentially stable at a level of Euro400 million in 2014-2018, of which Euro420 million was collected in 2018, compared with the increase in the profitability of the San Goban glass business, which is higher than the Japanese competition.
There was a steady increase during 2017, from 5.94% in 2014 to 10.14% in 2017, but it fell in 2018, with a profit rate of 8.96% on the San Goban glass. Although San Goban is more profitable than the two Japanese rivals, there is a very large gap between the Fry Glass.
In recent years, the level of capital spending on the San Goban car glass-related operations has remained low and stable. After 2018, the overall level of capital expenditure on the San Goban car glass-related operations has been low.
Since 2019, the level of capital expenditure and depreciation amortization of the San Goban car-glass-related operations has remained essentially at the same level, and the willingness to expand related operations has been equally low overall. The Bacillus-related business plans: low and steady growth in revenue growth and continued growth in profitability.
“grow&impact” strategic plan for the development of the `highforcepositions' sector, with the following strategic plans:
By comparing the dimensions of the major players in the North American automotive glass market with those of [business concentration], [carbon-bond profitability], [carbon-bond business expansion, willingness] and [carbon-bond business development strategy], we judge the share of car glass in the North American region, and the business of glass in the North American region will continue to grow.
We have measured and looked forward to the development of Fukuoka's car glass business in North America. With the expansion of North America’s productive capacity to release the growth of the export component of + countries, the share of Fukuoka in the North American market will continue to rise; with product structure changes and higher value-added product ratios, the rest is expected to grow steadily; and the profitability of American factories will continue to improve as a whole.
To see the glory follow-up is going to lead to a boost in the North American market.
(a) The company actively expands the boundaries of “one glass” and strengthens research on smart glass, integration trends, and continues to promote the aluminium apparel industry, raising the value of the bicycles;
The cost of raw materials and energy is higher than expected. The share of raw materials and energy in the cost structure of car glass is higher, and a significant increase in the price of raw materials or energy will have a negative impact on the level of corporate profitability.
Business and customer outreach are not as high as expected. Corporate income growth depends on the expansion of new clients’ projects, which, if not expanded, will have a negative impact on corporate business growth.
If the company’s car glass is not functionally upgraded as expected, it will have a negative impact on the company’s continued growth in revenue. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has become eligible for portfolio investment consultancy.