A study by the Ingenuity Corporation (002600) A sophisticated manufacturing lead business, one leading a new cycle of growth - Ingenuity (002600) covering the first report
1. The change is a long-term trend, with 25 years of Apple innovation expected to lead to a significant rise in the supply chain. Big clients are expected to push up next year with small iPhone 17, fold screen phones, se upgrades, and so on, an increase in the volume of goods and an increase in the demand for hardware upgrades, which is expected to boost the company’s crop rate and single-shot opportunities.
Accompanied value increases. We expect more than 10% growth in 25 years with 255 million iPhones. Meanwhile, the company’s overseas production capacity is fully distributed and is currently in India, Viet Nam, the United States, Brazil, a share capital (millions of shares):
Land such as Turkey has a productive reserve and is expanding steadily, with market value in circulation (millions of dollars) in the context of trends in the overseas distribution of productive capacity of large clients: It also has a localized mix and product delivery capability, and will have the opportunity to take on more offshore projects in the future.
2)ai brings with it an innovation to upgrade the end-side components, and the company will benefit from radiating heat, batteries, fast-loading, etc. The public layout has a full product series of iphones, macs, wearables, etc., and is also the main original charger supplier for large clients. In the context of the i-catalytic hardware end-up upgrade, the company has the ability to spread the heat, batteries, etc.
So far, the company's stainless steel super thinvc and radiator solutions have been mounted on multiple high-end mobile phone models and have achieved a quantity of output: battery with steel casings with the advantage of disassembly, small size, lifting power, etc., or have become part of lithium consumption.
In the evolutionary direction of the pool, the company's steel-shell-building operations are also expected to gain a larger share by being closely tied to downstream customers; the company, as a supplier of the original charger module, is also expected to continue to benefit from the upgrading of the sophisticated structure package to the module, with a wide array of downstream terminals.
On the one hand, we believe that the traditional internal structures are expected to release the upgrading needs on a catalytic basis; on the other hand, the extension of zero components to modules and assembly will also lead to a significant increase in the value of the company's products.
Selectively tied to global advantage clients, there is now an extensive layout for folding screens, xr, etc., new project layouts and landings, or continuous injection of new growth dynamics into the company.
Upstream risk: Core client cooperation progresses faster than expected, downstream customer electronics sales are higher than expected. Downward risk: automobiles, photovoltaic operations are not expanding as expected, core client cooperation is less advanced, downstream customer-related products are sold less than expected
Ai change is a long-term trend, 25 years or a year of innovation, although iPhone 16 has a relatively limited upgrade on the hardware end and has been affected by the delayed release of appleitelligence, with the ability to function in Australia, Canada, New Zealand, South Africa, the United Kingdom, etc. in December.
The overall volume of sales is expected to or break the pace of previous sales, as well as to be on the line in China, France, and elsewhere next year. The iPhone 16 series is expected to maintain a steady flow of goods with higher value for money and promotion activities, as well as a 25-year stock of new iPhone products, which is expected to lead to a significant upturn in the supply chain landscape.
During the year of Apple Innovation, a light iphone 17, a folding screen phone, an upgraded version of se, etc., are expected to be launched next year, and an increase in the volume of shipments and in the need for hardware upgrades is expected to lead to an increase in the crop rate and the value of the single set. In the report "iphone 16 is fully equipped with a one-size-fits-all " , China will be on line next year.
From the perspective of the switch cycle, we measure the 25-year supply of iPhones, which is expected to increase by more than 10% by the same year, corresponding to a total of 255 million shipments expected throughout the year. The company’s overseas production is fully organized, and it is expected to take on more new project opportunities.
In India, Vietnam, the United States, Brazil, Turkey, etc., the company now has productive reserves and is expanding steadily, and localized in the overseas production of large clients.
The one brings with it an innovation to upgrade the end-side components, and the company benefits from the radiating, battery, fast charge, etc. The company, as a large customer supplier, is mainly engaged in functional, structural, modular products, layouts, iphone, mac, etc., and is also the main provider of the large customer's original charger.
The company is expected to extend to more new projects and products with the advantage of core suppliers and advanced processes in the fields of modelling, pressing, cnc, etc. In the context of the continuous upgrading of the ai-catalytic hardware end, the company has the ability to radiate heat, batteries, and fast chargers.
The company currently offers different material options such as copper, stainless steel, pure titanium for the vc radiator, the stainless steel super thin vc and heat radiator solutions have been multiple, the medium- and high-end mobile phone models have been installed and produced in quantities; and the battery with the steel shell is built on disassembly, small size, and upscaling.
The company's steel-shell-building operations are also expected to gain a greater share by being closely tied to downstream customers; the company, as the supplier of the original charger electrical module, also continues to benefit from the continuous upgrading of the charger power.
Since the company's listing, it has gradually expanded and extended to functional, structural, core, modular, assembly, etc., using techniques that have accumulated over a long period of time in the operation of sophisticated functional and structural elements.
On the one hand, we believe that the traditional internal structure is expected to release the upgrading needs in a catalytic way: on the other hand, the company now has full chain manufacturing capacity, and the extension of parts and components to modules and assembly will also drive the value of the company's products.
Companies are also increasing their coverage of downstream electronic terminals. Companies choose to closely bind their global advantages, enrich the product lines they cover, and are now also engaged in a wide-ranging layout of folding screens, wearables, xr, new project layouts and landings, or constantly injecting new growth dynamics into the company.
The company is one of the world ' s largest manufacturers of sophisticated functional devices, covering upstream raw materials, mid-stream precision energy and structural elements, and actively extending to such operations as modules, odm, etc., creating one-stop smart manufacturing capabilities that now cover a wide range of areas such as consumer electronics, new energy vehicles, photovoltaic storage, communications, etc. downstream.
Figure 1: Corporate development and changes in revenue and gross domestic product (Māori) The company was established as a leading electronics company in 2006 to enter the consumer electronics industry through modelling operations. In 2018, the company was listed and set up a factory in Viet Nam.
In 2021, the company acquired Joao Weiwei, Zhejiang Jintai, and expanded to new energy vehicles. In terms of the company’s revenue structure, downstream applications were dominated by consumer electronics, and its customers had been overseas since 2019.
The household income ratio has been rising year by year, with 24h1 companies accounting for 72% of their income abroad. The company’s supply to large clients should start with the 2009 Mac product, which now covers a wide range of product lines such as iphone, ipad, applewatch, and airpods, providing thousands of modules and spare parts for large customers.
The company ' s main products are sophisticated structural, functional and modular, with revenues of about 68% in 23 years; chargers and module operations are mainly run by subsidiary Selcon, which has been rising in recent years, accounting for about 20% in 23 years. Corporate clients cover apples, tiles, glory, millet, oppo, vivo, Samsung, audio, etc.
Figure 3: Corporate income from overseas clients: Figure 2: The end-of-ai business accounts for more than 90 per cent of corporate income (24h1) Figure 4: Changes in corporate income from sub-products (billions of dollars)
The company is expected to benefit fully from the increase in the value of the ai hardware end-up in terms of radiating heat, batteries and fast charge radiating heat, the current ai terminal area is growing rapidly, and the high intensity and accuracy of the calculation needs for radiating heat is more demanding. Current techniques such as heatboards (vc), conductor silicone, conductor gels, graphite modules and heat tubes are used.
The technique follows one another, with various types of radiative products being used individually or in combination depending on the radiating scene and requirements. The medium vc heatboard has an advantage in heat evaporation efficiency and is expected to become the mainstream of the ai cellular and pc evaporation programmes, and to accelerate progress towards hyper thinning, structural simplification and low cost.
Traditional heat radiation programmes typically use a combination of graphite, metal radiator and thermal interface materials, with the increasing demand for end-of-side hardware from an increasing amount of power for evaporation, and some mobile phone plants begin to introduce heat pipes, vc heatboards, etc. to further improve evaporation capacity.
Hydrogen absorbs the energy from the heat source, and then, through the process of evaporation (sorting), condensation (heating), dispersing the heat from the vc-plated metal shell plate can use materials such as copper, stainless steel, titanium, etc. according to demand.
Yes, pure titanium vc is used in high-end folding screen phones to achieve lighter and thinner effects.Figure 7: Thermal plate radiation program for graphite herms +vc, based on yareesearch data, in 2022, the global average vc hotboard market was 312 million United States dollars.
The estimate is $587 million in 2025, with 23.5 per cent annual compound growth. In the field of heat pipes and average heatboards, Japanese and Taiwanese manufacturers, such as the ancient river electricians, the Nidko superb, the two-hung technology, and the Quichuan technology, have entered earlier, and have taken up a higher market share in the transmission of laptops, servers, smartphones, 5g base stations, etc.
Figure 9: Major domestic heat-distribution product suppliers. The application of dry smartphones to the Vc radiator began more widely in 2019. In 2020, the mainstream Andre brand's flagship, 5g, used a combination of vc mean heat plate plus graphite and graphite. For example, it was released in China in 2020.
P40pro, millet 10 series, etc., uses the vc common plate + graphene radiation program, and vc radiator technology for vvonex3s, oppofindx2 series, etc. As apples at the end can be upgraded at a catalytic level in the ai, it is expected that iphone17 will be fully marked with graphite dispersing heat, and the promax series is expected to be further picked up.
The company is expected to benefit fully from the upgrade of the radiation programme in downstream customer products.
In 2021, the company, in response to the problems of poor copper heat board mechanics and low-intensity hard-to-break problems, started autonomous research and development with stainless steel, breaking the thickness from 0.4 mm to 0.2 mm.
In 2024, the company proposed to issue a transferable debt for new projects and to invest a total of $350 million in the Carbon Fibres and Heating Precision Project, in which the development and development of new heat projects is mainly centred on products such as ultra thin averages.
New radiative module products from downstream customers, with a significant increase in the value of single machines. 2) Steel shell battery structures.
Capabilities and energy density are much higher. iPhone 16 standard battery capacity is raised to 3561mah (15 standard 3349mah), promax to 4747mah (15 promax 4422mah), and iPhone 16pro has been preceded by steel shell batteries.
iPhone16pro replaces a battery with a steel shell from the previous soft battery, which, on the one hand, has been designed to increase the sealing and stability of the battery, which has helped to increase its energy density and extend its life; on the other hand, 16pro bodies are smaller than promax and more pressing requirements for evaporation, while steel casings can conduct heat.
To help batteries increase heat evaporation; on the other hand, metal shell batteries are characterized by easy dismantling and high recycling rates, which are in line with the new EU battery code. Lithium batteries are now consumed on the market more often with a soft package solution, which will be used in the future as a catalyst for aai.
With components upgraded, steel shell batteries meet the advantages of disassembly, small size, and electric lifts, and are expected to be part of the evolutionary direction of lithium-free batteries. The company, as a supplier of steel shell structures, is expected to acquire a new material number, achieve a higher value of single machine packages and, in the long run, benefit fully from the innovative trend of steel shell batteries.
High-power chargers Increased energy consumption as a result of an increase in the performance of one's mobile phone, while the mobile phone plant increased its battery capacity in reserve, subject to space restrictions and limited space for upgrades, and increased charging efficiency through fast-charged technology.
Now that the Andre machine is clearly ahead of pelican fruit in the fast-loading field, the brands of millet, oppo, and vivo have 200w or more fast-loaded technology on the mid-end. Future apple upgrades on the fast-filled technology short-board will also generate additional high-power power-loading requirements.
The iPhone16 theory supports 45w charging power, which is expected to continue to upgrade.
The range of products is currently covered by the company ' s odm product, which covers a wide range of electronic products such as power supply, personal computer power, mobile charger, consumer-type power supply, consumer equipment adapter and household equipment charger, power source, etc.
Shenzhen and Hong Kong now have two major production bases in the country. In 2020, Shenzhen Herkang adopted a product certification certificate for his clients and increased the corresponding production line investment, and in 2021 began large-scale production, with changes in the structure of new products leading to a significant increase in the company ' s collection rate for electrical chargers over 21 years.
In response to demand, it is proposed to support the overall relocation of Shenzhen Selkang and the addition of additional high-power appliancers through the issuance of debt swaps. Selkon, as a supplier of primary chargers for large clients, is expected to lead to a sustained increase in the profitability of company chargers.
Parts and components are extended to modules, downstream electronic terminals are widely configured. Since the company's listing, there has been full vertical and vertical vertical integration, starting with raw materials, gradually extending and extending in the direction of functional, pulverized, core, modular, assembly, etc.
Technical and empirical advantages accumulated over a long period of time, leading to vertical integration of product types, composite processes, modularization and exhibition. The company currently has radiative modules, backlight modules, radio frequency modules, motors, rotor modules, acoustic modules, keyboard modules, contact panels, and wireless charging modules.
On the one hand, we believe that the traditional internal structures are expected to release the upgrading needs on a catalytic basis: on the other hand, it is likely that the traditional internal structures will be able to help the customers to streamline the supply chain and improve their viscousness.
The company now has the capacity to manufacture the whole industry chain, and the extension of parts and components to modules and assembly will also drive the company’s output, and the company’s outreach to downstream electronic terminals is increasing. The company chooses to closely bind its global niche customers, enrich the product lines it covers, driving the number and share of new materials to grow.
In the case of smart clothing, companies can support electronic devices such as smart headphones, watches, etc., while participating in facilitating the delivery of the first-generation xr product of the global head client, providing the client with soft function devices, emulators, radiator solutions, fillings.
With regard to folding screens, in recent years, mainstream Andre mobile phone manufacturers have stepped up the roll-out of folding screen products. According to the Chinese Information and Communications Institute, in 2023, our market for folding screens was about 7.01 million, an increase of 115 per cent, and in 2023, China, oppo and glory held over 70 per cent of the market share, with China occupying the market share of folding screens.
37.4% folding screen phones, with their innovative shape and immersion experience, are more responsive to user needs and become a new opportunity for industry development. According to dscc, the global folding screen mobile market is expected to be actively configured in 2025, and companies are actively laying carbon fibre folding screens to meet the need for low-quantisation and structural optimization of folding screens.
The company ' s carbon fibre structure is 0.15 - 0.2 mm thick, with high intensity, low density, good modulus, good conductivity, good voltage, and current output, and has been made available to industry head-to-head customers and other medium-to-high-end mobile phone models.
Technical bright spots: superstitious heat pressure bar controls 0.002 mm, achieved by rough mapping to the surface of the product, bright face <0.15; dumb face > 0.5 < x < 0.7; dumb face half light + 90 gu, small hole laser cutting, automobiles and light voltage are expected to open up new growth space in the long term
In 2021, the company moved into the new energy car sector by acquiring Jintai from Zhejiang, and gradually became a major supplier of new energy customers in North America through certification by a number of global heads of automobile manufacturers and rapid rise in the area of power cell structural segmentation.
An agreement between the power cell subsidiary under the roof of the factory to provide power cell caps, slices and associated emplacing, punching, etc., is expected to provide the company with an income increment of $2.2 billion for 25-29 years (23 years of revenue from automobile operations, accessories, products and rich high-quality customer resources, and the company will contribute to further improvement through this merger.
As the global penetration rate of new energy vehicles continues to increase, the demand for power batteries is expected to grow, and companies are faced with a wide market space. As power cell-structurers, companies are expected to draw on consumption.
In the area of electronics, with new customers, new projects and improved internal management of the automobile business, it is expected that in the second half of the month of 24, the company ' s automobile business will improve well and the city ' s rate of occupancy. In the area of photovoltaic storage, the company ' s main product is a micro-reverser, which will be used to turn the solar module ' s direct current power supply.
In exchange for power exchange, the market is distributed mainly in North America and parts of Europe. The main applications are residential and commercial electricity.
The company started the photovoltaic storage track in 2019, and in 2023 the U.S. factory produced a volume product, and its fast-tracking of products such as micro-reversers led the photovoltaic storage energy business to a revenue of $1.56 billion in 23 years, a 30% increase. In 2024, the company was subject to a phase-down and rowing order from its major client, enphase.
The company is expected to grow back in the light-blowing business as the photovoltaic industry moves out of reheating trends, and downstream customers come back to make up for the vaults. Companies are expected to benefit fully from the active deployment of the field of hardware innovation at the end of the system, with deep strapped to large North American customers.
The amount of single machine value and quantity of material is increasing as a result of hardware innovation by travelling customers. We predict that companies will return to their homes in 24/25 years, and that core client cooperation is progressing faster than expected: companies will grow rapidly in the number of new product numbers on large clients, single machine values will increase rapidly, leading to higher than expected growth in corporate performance.
Downstream customers’ e-product sales are higher than expected: a surge in sales of new customers’ products has driven firm orders. New business expansion is faster than expected: new customers are being expanded in automobile business, new projects are being increasingly landed, the photovoltaic industry is warming and low-visit visitors are making up a huge increase in corporate income.
Automobile, photovoltaic operations are not expanding as expected: companies are affected by downstream customer orders, super-competitive industries are added, revenue and profitability growth slow or fall, and corporate performance as a whole is stagnated. Downstream customers have less than expected sales of related products: downstream customers have new items on their phones, wearable equipment, mr, etc.
The index, the Hong Kong market benchmark, is a constant index, the US market benchmark is a punctuated 500 index or the NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-point index (for the protocol transfer target) or a three-board market index (for the market transfer benchmark), and the Northward benchmark index is a 50-point index.
The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts