The Shinji Mountain Convergence (000157.sz) has a high performance and a sustained industry climate.
The company published its annual report for 2020, which achieved operating income of $6,5109 million in 2020, an increase of 50.34 per cent over the same period; the net return to the mother of $7,281 million, an increase of 66.55 per cent over the same period the previous year; and higher performance, lower cost over the period and higher cash flow innovation in business activity.
The Māori rate is 28.6%, a 1.4% decline in the same year, mainly due to the increase in the price of products and raw materials during the epidemic. The engineering and machinery landscape is passed backwards, and the company’s traditional leading position is strong.
In the order in which the engineering-mechanical landscape cycle is generally more sequenced by excavator, crane, concrete machine, circulation a/total stock capital (millions): Substitute, the post-cycle plate is expected to be a relay excavator to take over the high profile of the engineering-mechanic industry.
Market value of the share in circulationa (billions): Automobile cranes, pump replacements, mixers, etc., concrete machinery and engineering start-up cranes are in high demand. The post-cycle plates are a firm’s advantage, with no competitive advantage.
Basic data: On December 31, 2020, the profitability of the company ' s post-cycle products is expected to increase as sales increase, releasing stronger industries. The industrial chain is well-structured and the vanguard is expected to increase further.
Energy is expected to be a new growth point for companies in the future. Moreover, with high demand downstream from high-altitude platforms, companies are expected to take up a niche in the market under the power of high-altitude platform arm-style products; and, at the same time, companies are deepening product restructuring in the agricultural machinery market, increasing their profitability and sustaining their growth.
A strategic shift, focusing on high-end products, and a steady recovery in the farm panel business are expected. With the company’s multi-lined energy, performance is expected to rise to a new step.
7th floor of the Interstate Center, Sanxi Securities Co. Ltd.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I am not, nor will I be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity or position.
or the information available in the course of his or her profession serves his or her own personal interests or those of others.