+135.41 per cent for the same year, based on performance forecasting ceilings; net profit from withholding of non-repatriation mothers of $2,243 million, +157.79 per cent for the same year; net operating cash flow of $2.660 billion, with better repayments.
▪ High profile of beneficiary industries, with post-cycle + emerging strategic plates maintaining high growth (1) Traditional post-cycle plant areas: 19,000 cranes sold in the 2101 industry, +75.75 per cent of the same, with large tonnage cranes produced through the second half of the year; concrete pumpers, blenders, and weights of the same type of later cycle
Research assistant Loh-Yu has maintained a high rate of growth. In 2020, the combined share of corporate engineering cranes, towers, and concrete machinery was 86%, the product booms continued in the post-deep-beneficial cycle, and product competitiveness and market share continued to rise (2).
Emerging growth plates: Diggers, high machines, and agricultural machines in 2020, with combined revenues of less than 7 billion dollars, are of a smaller size. Benefiting from a company’s excellent product competitiveness, end-to-end marketing policy, products such as 21q1 are in short supply and demand, and emerging plates maintain high growth rates.
We expect that the year 2021 will be a public year for excavators, high-level machines, and high-end agricultural machines.
The Division’s fastest growing sub-plate, which is expected to be stable as the scale is released. It is worth noting that the company’s new arm park is expected to be operational next year, when capacity is expected to rise to the new stage.
On April 16, 2021, the Central and Central United Nations Office proposed to transfer 91% of the shares of the leasing company in Beijing to the Hunan Province State Finance Committee and Dita. Of this amount, 45% of the shares, 36% of which were transferred to the Hunan Investment Corporation and the Dita Investment Corporation in RMB 900 million, and $720 million respectively.
The Division will receive approximately $1.6 billion in capital recovery for major business development, while reducing finance rental receivables by about $13 billion. The average account period for corporate finance leasing operations is about three years, and the outstanding arrears are expected to be repaid for about three years.
Detachment helps reduce asset-liability ratios, corporate capital occupancy, and concentrates resources on high-end manufacturing industries. At the same time, through professional, market-based financial services, leasing companies can identify customers and risks more objectively and efficiently, and optimize industrial structures to achieve multi-wins.
The business landscape is expected to continue beyond expectations, and the industry’s competitive patterns have been significantly optimized in response to market concerns and price wars, and we believe that: 1. The current cycle has been prolonged and volatile. cme expects the sales of excavators to be equal to +10% in April.
Small- and medium-scale manufacturers have limited scope for price reduction: the profit margin is high and the industry ' s price reduction for small- and medium-sized producers will be a matter of survival. 3 parts of the plant have been priced up.
The prices of blending cars, pumps, towers, etc. have been raised, and the industry has been competitive. It is recommended that active attention be paid to stock growth, the industrial chain layout contribution, and strong Alpha, where the concentration of the beneficiary industries has increased.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board