A two-wheel drive for both old and new business, and rapid growth in corporate performance - the annual report of the Central and Central Quality Section for the year 2020. On 31 March, the company released its annual report for the year 2020. In 2020, the company achieved an operating income of $6,5109 million, a year-on-year increase.
50.34 per cent, resulting in a net return to the mother of $7,281 million, an increase of 66.55 per cent over the same period; in addition, companies published in the first quarter of 2021 a sustained increase in the competitiveness of their core business and a rapid increase in their emerging business collections. In 2020, firms achieved a recovery of $61,383 million in their engineering and machinery products, an increase of 49.75 per cent over the same period.
In addition, the Department’s new business portfolio is growing rapidly: 2,644 million yuan, compared with 2,282.04 per cent in 2020, the annual sales rose to the sixth place in the national product plate; the company’s agricultural machinery generated 2,644 million dollars in sales.
The cost rate fell significantly during the period, and the net cash flow from operating activities reached a record high. During the reporting period, the company ' s Māori rate was 28.59 per cent in 20 years, a decline of 1.41 pct over the same period.
The benefits of engineering and machinery products, the transportation costs are accounted for by operating costs and the increased cost of raw materials; the cost of the company period is 14.63 per cent, a decrease of 4.14 pct over the same period, with sales costs and financial costs of 6.21/0.28 per cent, respectively, being higher. In addition, the net cash flow achieved by the company through its operations in 2020 amounted to $7.42 billion.
At the same time, the net cash flow of the company is at an all-time high.a +h shares are set to be successfully increased, and management subscriptions show confidence in development \triangleright
In February 2021, the company ' s a+h share was added to the floor, where the shares were offered to management, including Chairman Jun-Jun Jan, for billions of dollars, mainly for excavators, mixer-type products, and smart manufacturing projects for key parts. h The shares were raised for 1,136 million Hong Kong dollars, mainly for the purchase of core spare parts, overseas market expansion, overseas base building, and replenishment of liquidity.
The smooth landing will help companies build a more complete industrial ecological system and improve competitiveness, while also helping companies optimize their overseas deployment and promote further increases in their shares in overseas markets. New and old businesses are driven by two-wheel drive, with a strong focus on corporate development.
Looking forward to 2021, the company ' s core business cranes, concrete equipment, towers will continue to grow steadily: 1) cranes, concrete equipment are a variety of post-construction cycles, with a greater degree of certainty of demand as new construction projects move forward; 2) cranes, concrete equipment are still at a high level of equipment replacement and stock replacement requirements are adequate: 3) tower operations continue to benefit
At the same time, the company’s new business is growing faster, and with the combined energy of diggers + high-altitude platforms + three-line agricultural machinery products, it is expected to create a new growth pole for the company.
The industry is well placed to represent the rapid growth of new business, using excavators, agricultural machines, high-altitude platforms. Taking into account the current annual performance forecast: the performance forecast has increased significantly over the same year, the industry has grown rapidly.
Corporate valuation levels are lower than historical hub 17.96x, and there is room for upgrading. A “recommended” rating is maintained.
A summary of the company ' s financial statement data projections is based on the Master ' s in Statistics, the Allies in 2020, and the Master ' s in Humans in 2020.
Zhang Construction Industry, Research Assistant in the Mechanical Industry, covering the areas of general-purpose equipment, photovoltaic equipment, oil-coat equipment, Master ' s degree from the Central University of Finance and Economics, author of a certificate of qualification or equivalent professional competence in securities investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association in 2020, ensuring that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity and impartiality, and that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence,