Net profits have increased significantly, and product markets have increased overall competitiveness The company released its annual report for 2020 and a quarterly performance forecast to generate $6,5109 million in 2020, an increase of 50.34 per cent in comparison with the previous year, and a net return to mothers of $7,281 million, an increase of 66.55 per cent in comparison with the previous year.
Concrete machinery and cranes are growing at a very high rate, and agricultural plates are turning upwards (1) by $61,383 million, an increase of 49.75 per cent in the same year. Concrete machinery, workers, an increase of 57.57 per cent in the same year, and the share of the market for car cranes and mounted cranes is historically high.
Of these, 30 tons and more of the vehicle cranes were sold first in the industry, and large tons of mounted crane orders had been produced until the second half of 2021; construction revenue was historically high and was the largest in the world. Concrete machines generated 18,984 million yuan in equipment, an increase of 36.56 per cent compared to the same period, with a market share of long-arm pumps and blending stations.
The industrial sector is in the forefront, and the bulk of blending vehicles has risen to the top three. In the potential market for earth machinery and high-altitude machinery, there has been a total breakthrough, with revenue from earth machinery rising by 282% over the same period, and in the emerging areas, it has been strong. (2) Agricultural machinery plates have earned 2,644 million yuan, an increase of 67.01% over the same period.
The opportunities for accelerated transformation through the integration of the Ministry of Enterprise, the streamlining of products, the re-engineering of distributors, and the promotion of smart agricultural projects such as Angkor, Hunan, etc.; and the consolidation of focused intelligence, high-end, large-horse research and development, successful marketing of 2zpy-13a dumpers and upgrading of power.
The company has now come up with a "Agricultural Equipment + Wisdom: 67% increase in sales in November, and the excavator market in 21 years is still optimistic."
Overall optimization of financial indicators, significant success of the digital transition due to lower product prices, higher prices of raw materials and changes in accounting standards, the Māori rate fell by 1.41 pcts.
Transition upgrades, sales and management cost rates have been significantly optimized, with 2.51 and 0.74 pcts down by the same year, respectively.
Continuing, it was recommended that the superstation engineering machinery 2020.04.17 be managed, that faithful clients account for a relatively high and timely return, and that the net operating cash flow increase by 19.33 per cent over the same period.
The equipment upgrades, environmental improvements, and machine-to-man replacements continue to revitalise the power engineering machines. The lifting machines and concrete machines will continue at their peak as post-cycle products.
The need for equipment, increased state policy support, and opportunities for the agro-industrial sector are emerging. After 10 years of accumulation, the company has grown into the country’s largest agro-mechanical equipment company, with the leading city-owned industry, and is expected to move forward in the future.
Capital investment is not as expected; competition in the market is increasing; and new products are not being delivered as expected. Authors with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of securities investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, with a diligent and professional attitude, are independent and objective.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.