The 2020 performance rate was 67 per cent, with significant income performance in 21 years, benefiting from the industry's high profile and rising share.
Engineering machinery generated revenues of 19 billion, 34.9 billion, 7.5 billion, an increase of 37 per cent, 58 per cent, and 52 per cent, respectively. The company’s share in the post-cycle flagship market continued to rise, the share of cars and cranes in the market was historically high, the share of concrete machines and machinery in the market increased significantly, the manufacturing sector recovered steadily, and the Federation’s operations performed well.
Income of $2.64 billion, compared with 13.9 per cent, accelerated recovery from the previous year; revenue from financial services of $1.08 billion, compared with product restructuring, resulting in short-term declines in profitability, good cost control during the period; continued strong demand in the market for type-ton products, with product structural changes leading to lower rates of Maori; and 2 agricultural, high-altitude operations
The lower Māori-owned share of new and emerging industries, such as platforms, has been somewhat lower than the increase in Māori; the public sector has given priority to full-payment orders in the epidemic3 and appropriate concessionary policies have had some impact on short-term Māori rates. It is worth noting that agricultural products continue to be optimized, scale-up has increased, and profitability has improved significantly.
The net interest rate on sales in 2020 was 11.3%, compared to +1.43pt, with a significant increase in the response charge capacity. The company’s cost for the entire year was 14.6%, compared to 4.1pt, with an increase in the efficiency of the management cost, the sales cost rate, the financial cost rate, and the innovation capacity, which has now achieved full product coverage of 4.0.
▪ Business net cash flow is once again at an all-time high and business capacity is constantly improving
The business cycle is close to the level of health of the previous cycle, mainly because the company maintains a more stringent credit policy, raises the speed of collection, and significantly improves its ability to operate. 21’s performance is expected to continue with high growth throughout the year, with the issuance of $5 billion in debt swaps highlighting confidence for sustained expansion.
1) At the industry level, there are multiple drivers of capital investment continuity, eco-metallurgical regulations switching, updating cycles, artificial replacements, and downstream spare parts manufacturers are highly productive and industry demand is more sustainable. At the company level, we predict that in 2021 we will dig 2) there is a one-stop shop: the penetration of assembly buildings continues to increase + the acquisition of Wilbert opens.
The long-term advantage of the offshore market + the upper and middle towers has been built to help together achieve a high rate of growth in 2021;2 the engineering crane: the firm’s market share has always been at the top three (sales calibre) of the industry + the capacity of the industry has increased rapidly and is expected to rise beyond the industry: 3 concrete machinery: the pump has been at its peak since 2019, and we expect 2019-2021
So: 4 high-altitude operating platforms: we expect awp to be the fastest growing industry in the engineering and machinery industry in the future, and the Division, as the best-performing and fastest-growing company in the awp 1 team, is expected to achieve a rollover in 2021, 1 Central United Heavy Section (000157): a+h
After raising $6.6 billion in additional funds, the company announced on March 30 a plan to release $5 billion in new and remitted debt.
2. The Central and Central Intensive Section (000157): Performance highlights the firm’s commitment to sustained growth and expansion.
Value Restoration 2020-12-08. East Wu Xinjun, Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has been in possession of the Portfolio Investment Advisory Board.