Events: The company released its annual report for 2020 and its performance forecast for the first quarter of 2021, with rapid growth in its performance in 2020 and full expansion of its operations. In 2020, the company achieved $6,5109 million in revenue, an increase of 50.34 per cent compared to the previous year; in sub-operations, concrete machinery achieved $18,984 million, the same amount.
Land machinery generated 2,665 million yuan, an increase of 28.204 per cent; other machinery and products generated 4,837 million yuan, an increase of 13.94 per cent, an increase of 2,644 million yuan, an increase of 67.01 per cent, and financial services, an increase of 1,082 million yuan, an increase of 13.94 per cent.
Liu Chongwu 47.58%. The company ' s traditional advantages, such as concrete and crane machinery, have continued to grow at a high rate, soil machinery has begun to be rapidly released and agricultural machinery has been heating up.
The scale effect continues to be highlighted, and profitability continues to improve. Competition in the industry increased in 2020, with companies achieving a combined Māori rate of 28.59%, a 1.41 pct decline in the same year; concrete machinery, a 4.14 pc decrease in the same year.
Cash flows were good, and contract liabilities increased significantly. Despite increased industry competition in 2020, companies maintained a better cash flow, with net operating cash flows of $1 billion in 2020, an increase of 24.47 per cent over the same period; corporate contract liabilities of $2.777 billion, an increase over the same period.
The year-round growth was solidly cushioned. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we expect the company to share pss in 2021-2023, respectively.
Risk factors: less than expected capital investment, less than expected expansion of new products, bad competition in industry \triangleright cindasecuritiesco.,ltd
Pedagogical building No. 1 of the 9th Street of the City of the West Side of Beijing, Rhodes, Master of Finance, University of Gangan, formerly a journalist at the Xinhua Society's Shanghai branch, and responsible for research in the mechanical equipment industry at the China Xinjiang Investment Securities Research and Development Centre.
Liu Chongwu, Master of Materials Engineering at the Chinese Academy of Sciences, formerly a researcher in the mechanical equipment industry at the Financial and Financial Securities Research and Development Centre, joined the Sinda Securities and Mechanical Equipment Industry in June 2020 Liu Joo, Master of Financial Sciences at the University of Foreign Economics and Trade, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2017 and worked as an agricultural, forestry and fishing company
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.