(a) Promotion of the “localization” strategy to break out of the overseas market event: ICSU published the 2020 report, which generated $6,5108 million in 2020, an increase of 50.34 per cent over the same period;
The net profit to the mother is $7.28 billion, an increase of 66.55 per cent in the same year; the net profit after deduction is $6.308 billion, an increase in the main business and a significant increase in the control fee.
The net profit margin ratio declined by 4.42%, and the decline in the performance ring was mainly due to higher operating costs and higher R & D costs. The company’s main business continued to grow in 2020, generating revenue from cranes, concrete machinery, other machinery, earth machinery, agricultural machinery at $34.897 billion, $18.984 billion, 48.37 million, respectively.
Business activities promote “localization” strategies that break out of overseas markets. Companies promote “localization” strategies for their products, mainly roe (ttm).
The export earnings have increased, and the export sales of engineering cranes have increased by 35% over December’s peak prices. The zcc9800 tracked-up has hit the highest tonnage in the U.S. and U.S. markets for domestic crane exports.
In December, the lowest price (in dollars) went to the 17 countries of Europe, and the high-end markets of the United States, Australia, Japan, and South Korea made a real breakthrough, bringing the whole-line product into the Russian market.
Production and marketing, Germany ' s m-tec and wilbert accelerated the transfer of new technologies; and the White-Russian base became operational, accelerating radiation exposure to Central Asia, Eastern Europe, and the Russian-speaking region. Companies analyse the market in the main agricultural production areas abroad, making full use of resources, deepening distribution patterns through agricultural machinery, and increasing sales of rice and sugar cane machines.
At a time when overseas management changes are taking place, optimized management models, and concerted efforts are being made to create core competitiveness in overseas markets, together with industry and functional departments.
Domestic engineering and machinery companies, which have applied for nearly 800 patents throughout the year, have been ranked first in the manufacturing industry, which has cumulatively authorized the invention of a patentable number of valid machines. Companies are pushing for the transformation of industries with automation, digitization, intelligence as a vehicle. Companies are actively building intelligent production and accelerating the construction of smart factories and smart technologies.
The company has developed 25 tons of new energy vehicle cranes, zlj5318gjblbev-pure electric smart mixers, and has promoted the “greening” of engineering machinery for the company at the same time.
The rating system's “market index” is based on 300 indexes. I have a qualification or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities and investment, and I have been able to do so independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.