The sale of finance lease assets focuses on the main business, deepening industrial and financial integration, high-quality development 10,000 yuan, $723.09 million in prices transferred to Hunan Investment Group, Hunan Dice Investment Corporation, this stock transfer.
Upon completion, the company will hold 19% of the ownership of the Beijing Finance Leasing Company.  Sales of finance lease assets will help focus on the main business, deepening industry and finance.
Integration; full-time sales of products in the industry, domestic and external demand resonance during the quarter. 81% of the equity of the leasing company was transferred to the first major shareholder of the company, the Hunan State Treasury, and we believe that the year ahead is a good one; the new business started to be fully active and internationalized.
Selling finance lease assets helps companies to focus more on manufacturing owners, optimizing industrial structures, and adjusting industrial resources. A firm’s steady advance in its strategy will help to move through the industry cycle.
Transfers are based on the net assets of the Beijing Finance Leasing Company as at 30 June 2020 and are based on fair pricing; MFI accounts payable to the company amounting to $6.99 billion, committed to pay off within three years from the date of the transfer of equity, with a repayment of not less than $2.5 billion each during the first two years and the remaining principal to be repaid within three years; and MFI accounts receivable of $12.83 billion in 20 years and received in operation
With $790 million in net profits, $170 million in net cash flow for operating - $170 million, the impact of this stripping on direct corporate revenue and profits is limited, but it can significantly reduce the company's financial lease receivables of over $10 billion, reduce asset-liability ratios, increase the return on assets and capital, improve net cash flow for operating, and help the company concentrate its efforts on maintaining its own high-quality operations.
Continued reliance on the capital, resources, business and other advantages of major shareholders will facilitate the development of more regulated and market-based financial leasing companies, as well as provide more diversified and competitive financial services programmes for listed company customers, further enhance the overall competitiveness of firms, achieve deeper industrial and financial integration, and optimize financial support to industry.
A quarter of industry’s full-time sales of various products burst, and external and domestic demand resonant with the year’s year-on-year highs continued to hold. The statistics show a two-year compound growth of 7.6 per cent in the completion of 21q1 real estate development investments, 3.0 per cent in capital and real estate, a two-year compound increase in capital investment, a strong investment that provides a strong boost to the demand for engineering and machinery, a build-up of products, environmental upgrading, a recovery in global demand, and
Multi-factorial drivers, such as artificial substitution, were the full-line sales of engineering machinery and machinery products in the first quarter. According to the China Engineering and Mechanical Industry Association, the cumulative sale of 12.70 million excavators in the first quarter was increased by 85.0 per cent over the same period, with 114,000 sales in the domestic market, an increase of 85.3 per cent over the same period, and 13,000 exports, an increase of 81.9 per cent over the same period, of concrete pumps, concrete mixers, towers, etc.
In the second half of the year, the engineering machinery has grown more and more rapidly. In the last two years, concrete machinery has gradually reached a peak of upgrading, and the country is expected to maintain a sustained high temperature for the next 1-2 years in the context of the introduction and tightening of the system. The towers are expected to be upgraded faster as a result of construction security and higher pc penetration, and it is expected to continue to have a higher profile, with large tons of cars.
Heavy and tracked cranes are also expected to grow at a higher rate throughout the year, driven by wind demand, and the instrumentalization properties are becoming more apparent, driven by artificial replacements and wider applications, and subsequent demands are expected to continue to rise steadily.
Emerging businesses are starting to grow fully, and the internationalization strategy is moving steadily through the industry cycle. Twenty years of accelerated growth, new businesses are starting to grow fully, and earth machinery is returning to its first year of strong growth, with a market share of more than 2 per cent.
21q1 company excavator sales continue to be on fire, individual hot sales orders have been slated for two months, intelligent industrial city excavators have opened up, and the park will begin production this year, and the company is expected to move gradually into the first industry camp; the high-altitude platform product spectrum has been perfected, multi-market hot-market products have been introduced, the supply of products has been out of order for one quarter, and the overseas market will be clearly active for 21 years, year-round.
It is expected to increase by more than double, moving towards the first brand of the industry; the market for agricultural machinery has a large space, high-end agricultural machinery and power, with 20 years of company farming and machine operations stifling by optimizing the structure of agricultural machinery, and innovative and intelligent agricultural fabrics using market prices as a standard on April 16, 2021.
In the long term, the company has the genes and power to become a Chinese version of John Dier. The continued volume of new and emerging business is expected to contribute to the growth of the company’s medium- and long-term performance, adding up the company’s deep-seated strategy of global localization and overseas management changes.
Helping the company smooth down and even through the domestic engineering and machinery cycle, opening up the medium- and long-term growth space of the company.
The Central and Central Quality Section, 20210122, Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd., continues the global epidemic with fermentation, increased industrial competition, less than expected investment in infrastructure and real estate, less environmentally friendly and less than expected.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations