Yunnan Pharmacy (000538), absorbs merger plans, buys back stocks and drives the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Event: The company announced its plans to absorb the merger of Yunnan Pharmacy Holdings Ltd. and Associated Transactions, and announced its plans to repurchase the company’s shares to implement the employee holding scheme.
In this case, the Pharmacy Holdings first directed the purchase of a share in Xinhua, and then Yunnan's Phenomenon was transferred to the State Finance Committee of Yunnan Province, Xinhuadu, Jiangsu Fish, for a total of about 666 million shares at a price of $76.34 per share, with no cash payments involved in the entire program. After the reorganization was completed, the Pharmacy Holdings held about 432 million shares of Yunnan Pharma.
The stock will be written off and the actual number of new shares will be 233 million. At the listed company level in Yunnan Province, the ratio of shares held by the National Finance Committee and Xinhuadu and their co-actors will be 25.1%, and will be the first shareholder, still without real control.
Complete, specific analysis needs to wait for detailed data to be disclosed in the draft, and we believe that the impact of the absorption of mergers on companies is twofold: 1) reduced management levels and improved operational efficiency. Not only will it help to move forward with the stock-holding, but it will also speed up the industrial layout of listed companies; 2) the incorporation of consolidated cash reserves of listed companies will result in a higher level of efficiency.
In addition, the company has announced the repurchase of shares to implement the employee-holding scheme, which cost up to $76.34 per unit, the total amount of funds to buy back is not more than $1,527 million, and the repurchase period is considered for adoption by the shareholders ' assembly considering the repurchase.
In our view, although no specific plan for employee holding is in place, this start-up buy-back of stocks as a reserve is reflected in the fact that the company has put on the agenda its employee holding plan, which will, in concrete terms, increase the motivation of the company’s staff and reflect management’s confidence in the company’s future development.
• Optimization mechanisms and strategic direction are becoming clearer. 1) The mix continues to deepen, looking at strategic synergies. The company has initiated its internal reforms, the merger of holding shares is moving forward, the workforce-owned plans are strong, and we believe that the governance and decision-making mechanisms of the company are more marketable; 2) the medical + pharmaceutical war was first introduced at the beginning of the year.
In a slight direction, targeting emerging areas such as “medical materials science, medical devices, slow disease management”, the introduction of funds from the Replenishment has also contributed to the expansion of the group into incremental operations such as medical treatment, equipment, etc.; and the introduction of new areas of business such as solarisation, bone injury medicine, etc., for new companies.
This is supported by industrial resources. And, when the merger is completed, monetary funds will increase, contributing to the expansion; 3) the drug-leading industry, with the big health layout industry leading.a The growth of the company’s pharmaceutical industry in the long term, and the competitive advantage of the white drug market, have made it clear that its segmented areas have a higher market share, and short-term fluctuations do not affect their dominant position.
(b) The short-term performance of the Ministry of Chinese Drug Resources has been more affected by price fluctuations in raw materials, but it has been marked by a number of cropping bases, and the introduction of new business models such as “o2o” is expected to become new profitable growth points for companies in the future;c,
The Department’s short-term performance, while under pressure, has been accompanied by commercial, Chinese medicine, medicine, and a healthy and complete layout.
The group-level mix continues to advance, with promising prospects, and with catalysts such as product price increases, performance growth, incentives, and outreach, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.