Yunnan White (000538), the pharmaceutical biology has improved in a single quarter and continues to look at the future of the company, the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
Operating income, net profit return, net profit deductions of about $6.75 billion, $1.1 billion, and $1.02 billion, respectively, and the decline continues to expand, linked to the decline in final sales of core product lines; the rest of the participating companies, for example, continue to sustain the growth rate of business earnings, while the health and Chinese resource revenues are on the rise.
Quarterly net profit returns and deductions of non-net profits are estimated at $2.73 billion and $2.44 billion, respectively, at about 4.9 per cent and 0.3 per cent, respectively, and the net profit increases have rebounded, as follows: 1) The company ' s Māori rate is about 30.4 per cent and 0.3 percentage points, maintaining overall stability.
With net profits of about $6.75 billion, $1.1 billion and $1.02 billion respectively, the same rate of growth is about 11.6 per cent, 5.7 per cent, 2.5 per cent, and q3 income and net profits are rising at a rate that continues to be positive q4. We believe that the company is now under pressure to grow on core medicines, but that it has already been reformed by a mixed ownership system of shareholders.
The company’s strategic direction is focused on medicine and medicine, and it is becoming clear. We expect that the company’s fundamentals will be restored on a continuous basis, with an estimated annual profit growth rate of more than 5%.
The stockholding structure of the Xinhua Conservancy 45%: Xinhua 45%: Jiangsu fish leap by 10% is expected to drive corporate governance and decision-making mechanisms to become more marketable. The company has opened up its own internal reforms, the holding shares are absorbing and is moving forward, and the expectations of later employee incentives are strong; 2) the strategic direction for medical + medicine is first introduced at the beginning of the year.
Targeting emerging areas such as “medical materials science, medical devices, slow disease management”, the introduction of funds from the previous replenishment also contributes to the expansion of the group into incremental operations such as medical care, equipment, etc.; Xinhuato, fish jump medicine or the provision of industrial capital for companies to experiment with new business areas such as solarization, bone injury non-pharmaceuticals, etc.
And when the merger is completed, monetary funds will increase, contributing to the expansion: 3) branding of drug dragons, circulation of a share (billion shares), leading the big healthy layout industry.a Long-term interest in the company’s pharmaceutical industry is growing, and the white drug market is competing.
The competitive advantage has clearly led to a higher rate of municipal coverage in the disaggregated areas, as well as to a higher rate of income growth in the generic drug sector, such as the gas-breeding market: b. The short-term performance of the Ministry of Chinese Drug Resources has been affected by fluctuations in the prices of raw materials of the 37th grade, but the Ministry has been characterized and has made a number of deployment bases to promote “o2o”
New business models such as these are expected to become new profitable growth points for companies in the future; c. Large health businesses are growing rapidly, shampoo and skin-care inputs are increasing, products are gradually expanding to age-wide, and power platforms are being actively expanded, and Xinhua is participating in a strong alliance or promoting a new growth in large health businesses.
The formation of Chinese medicine, medicine, and the complete layout of the health of the population, and the confusion at the group level has made its prospects worthwhile. No compensation of any kind will be obtained either directly or indirectly from the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.