High-speed operations, good M&As. El ophthalmology (300015.sz) - El ophthalmology (300015)
Lee Ping-hoon issued the annual 2017 report. The company achieved $5,963 million in operating income over 17 years to inform the preparation of this report.
The net profit is now 110 million yuan, an increase of 23.38 per cent in the same year. The net profit from deduction is 116 million yuan, an increase of 56.22 per cent in the same year. The company’s performance has been rising at a rate of rapid growth in q1– (i) operations, with endogenous growth remaining the dominant force.
During the reporting period, the company ' s overall operating income and net profits continued to grow at a rapid rate as demand for the eye market continued to grow, the company ' s operations and brands grew, its influence expanded and its hierarchical chain system improved, the economies of scale emerged, and the company ' s overall operating income and net profits continued to grow rapidly during the reporting period.
In 5,076,307 cases, a 36.99% increase in the same year; in 517,613 cases, an increase of 1,931 million yuan in the same year; in 69.23% in the same year, a high rate of growth was also evident throughout the year.
The rapid increase in the number of surgeries in hospitals in the country has been accompanied by a significant increase in the share of high-end operations, such as full flying seconds and icl, which have led to a significant increase in the volume of surges; on the other hand, the increase in the scope of operations in Europe, resulting from the current period (cb has contributed $238 million,w
The main reason for this is estimated to be the higher cost of crystals used in high-end techniques. Cataract surgery earned $1,417 million, an increase of 44.43 per cent over the previous year.
Income has been growing at a high rate throughout the year, mainly because of the rapid growth of the cataract market and the high El ophthalmology (3000015) tri-quarter evaluation: performance supermarket pre-eminence multi-focal crystals, full-fly second-size applications.
Half-yearly, El ophthalmology (300015) reports that business growth has accelerated and has benefited from China's vast market space.
El ophthalmology (3000015) Quarterly Review: Cataracts, Al ophthalmology (3000015) Annual Report Review: steady growth continues, new infusion hospitals in the country have been acquired by companies during the reporting period through a fixed increase in the acquisition of Sabha El, Yangtze, Dong Xiao Yiel,
Tian-El, Taiwon El-Conming Eye, Foshan-El, Xiang-El, Kiang-El-Ai, and nine hospitals in Lake-Air, have been co-located in the first quarter and have also been positively affected by the acquisition of nine hospitals in Matsuhara, Guangzhou-Li Clinics and the construction of new hospitals in Wuhan-El-Ayan, Ningpo-Hae Road Light-Eye. Eleven of these hospitals have bought and bought the 17 years of their general operation.
With $429 million in total net profits of $6.8 million, contributing to the mother ' s net profits of $47.392 million, it can be seen that the volume of new hospital injections is still small compared to the company ' s original business as a whole, with little impact on the company ' s performance and is still dominated by endogenous growth. With regard to international operations, the company completed a 75 per cent equity acquisition for the United States of America during the reporting period.
and the offer of clínicabaviera, s.a.86.83 per cent of the shares of the largest ophthalmological chain in Europe, and the business income from the period up to the end of the reporting period was $51 million and $285 million, respectively, with net profits of $18 million and $38 million, respectively, and the combined contribution was attributed to the financial indicators, each affected by increases and decreases in the Māori rate of different operations, with the company ' s overall Māori rate for 17 years being 46.28 per cent, compared to the top.
A 71.67 per cent increase reflects the higher quality of income. (ii) The M & As model is moving well for the first time and the ophthalmologist status continues to be consolidated.
To date, the company has more than 230 hospitals (in vitro + in vitro) in the country, of which nearly 80 are in vitro and the rest are in vitro. On the one hand, the company has acquired Xianjin Yill, Xiayang ophthalmology, Dong Yiel, Tian-El,
Taiwon El Conming Eye, Foshan El, Xijiang El, Qing Long El and Lakeland El, through self-financing acquisition of Matsuhara Ai, Guangzhou and Lei Clinics and the construction of a new Wuhan Al Qingshan Clinic, Ningpo Sea Dawn Light Eye Unit; on the other hand, the Department continues to speed up the national investment layout through the Medical Industry M & A Fund to reserve more high-quality mergers and acquisitions for the company, for the benefit of the public.
For the first time in the reporting period, the M & A fund model was successfully implemented, from project development to infusion for the first time in a closed loop, with a positive impact on the rapid growth of new hospitals. The total operating income of the nine hospitals that this infused was increased from 13,820.4 million yuan in 15 years.
The introduction of well-known national and international strategic investors, such as high capital, has facilitated the consolidation of high-quality resources in the industry, and has contributed to the rapid growth of the company’s existing hospitals. Traditional provincial hospitals such as Changsha, Wuhan, Chengdu, Shenyang and others have increased their performance by more than 20%; hospitals such as Chongqing and Hsiangyang have been affected by relocations, with lower performance rates; and sub-hospital hospitals such as Shenzhen and Kunming are still active.
As the company’s network of hierarchies continues to improve, the country’s ophthalmology industry is gaining ground. The company’s hospital now has 10% of the country’s ophthalmologists.
In January 18, the company had 17% of the country’s full-time technology centres. The company’s chaining model was expected to be further developed, with technical support provided to lower-level hospitals through higher-level hospitals, where patients with problems could be referred by group specialists to higher-level hospitals, optimizing the allocation of resources and facilitating patient access.
The emulation effect will be further demonstrated and the advantages of a hierarchical chain will be fully highlighted. (iii) The internationalization strategy will be implemented steadily and the clínicabaviera project will be well aligned The corporate internationalization strategy will be well advanced: the company has been successful in successive M&As in Hong Kong, the United States during the reporting period.
The Mingwang Eye Center, the European clínicabaviera.s.a., a well-known ophthalmology group, has become the largest chain of ophthalmology in the world, forming a web layout across Asia and Europe. Clínicabaviera is the largest ophthalmology chain in Europe. On 9 August 17, the company completed the clínicabaviera cut-off and paid all of the shares involved.
The sum of 14,159,510 shares of the company that held the bid through Ernst International, after the completion of the delivery, accounted for 86.83 per cent of its issued equity, starting on 1 September 17, and the table. clínicabaviera ' s performance has increased significantly since the acquisition: it achieved business income of Euro9.88 million for the entire year, the same amount.
This represents an increase of 9.1 per cent; a net profit of Euro98.75 million, a 24.3 per cent increase in the same year, and a year-round performance in line with expectations at the time of the acquisition. Specifically, €24.817 million (+2.1 per cent) was realized for clínicabaviera 17q1 and a net profit of Euro26.03 million (-10.9 per cent); and €2.5333 million (+9.1 per cent) for 17q2 and a net profit of Euro2.406 million (+2.82 per cent);
After completion, the target operating income and net profit growth increased significantly, depending on the European economy's recovery, while the European hospital's profitability was enhanced by the efficiency of the operation of the local hospital after the merger. The firm contributed RMB 285 million to the mother's net profit for the entire year.
The hospitals under the flag have now expanded to 80, including 55 in Spain, 21 in Germany, and 4 in Italy. The hospital’s expansion is evident in Spain, while Germany is the region that contributes the most revenue and ebtida increases.
International operations are expected to continue in the home: 1. The target companies have increased their performance since they were acquired, their profitability in the future has increased their performance. 2. Surgery techniques such as old flower mirrors for the target companies have great advantages relative to the country and can compensate for poor domestic technology.
The clinical trials of the body are carried on by the labeled company; 3. The business model of the “Surgery Centre Plus Clinic” allows the company to learn about its hierarchical chain system. 4. The company has been able to integrate rapidly and deeply into the advanced international medical service concept and cutting-edge technological system, to match high-end service models and management experience, to facilitate the development of high-end medical services, and the company's global team of good experts.
The company is a leading provider of health services in the country, with its growing size and brand influence, and a better web layout, with a pe of 61/44/33. We believe that the company has entered a new phase of rapid growth, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
The new hospital was less profitable than expected.