The business model and competitiveness theme, "The medical service chain must be read" has been standardized to lay the foundations of the El ophthalmology kingdom. In the medical chain, few businesses have expanded their size and increased their profits.
While the chain has grown from 17 to over 200 (including M & A funds) over the last 10 years, profitability has been at the forefront of the industry: business income was 33.08 per cent in 2009-2017, and Māori cagr was widely proven to be the only one in the world, mostly in fine -- the El ophthalmological chain of philosophies.
The report summarizes three key capabilities of the medical service chain business model: the basic unit operating capability, the chaining capacity, and the management of export capacity. The latest study found that the three capabilities and standardization are closely related and that it is the standard that has laid the cornerstone of the ophthalmology kingdom.
1) “Old Camp” Hospital is highly profitable with a net interest rate of 23.55 per cent on sales in 2017 and seven “Old Camp” hospitals built in 2002-2004 were fully profitable by 2006 for El ophthalmology.
The expansion of the scale in 2006-2008 has cleared up concerns; net interest rates for the sale of “old camps” hospitals are above the corporate level by about 10 percentage points, which is a strong back-up to the new expansion strategy. 2) Four major standardized copying basic unit capabilities, with three major “superfit” upgrades to single profit levels
One-point-a-point: the medical service chain's leading line in love, the ophthalmology and the general medicine in 2017.
Analysis - 20180525 Model: Standardization of location, standardization of staffing, standardization of equipment configuration and standardization of marketing.
Face analysis: branding of the medical services industry, upgrading of basic unit capacity with three major "super-matching" actions: increasing area (average area of business from the night before the change in quality - 20180406)
3 is the only one, and it's a lot of detail -- el ophthalmology, chain of philosophies, the ear of the world, 20181827 4 is high.
The standardized expansion of the “3 dimensions + 3 paths” model promotes the nationwide coverage of the El Net 5 wide-scale persistent theme report: 82-year-old Lego's commercial magic, extreme standards and unlimited personality
In the context of the chain model, the “level 3 chain” has been upgraded to a “level 3 chain”, using the perfect balance of influence in the centre area to drive down the network point and accelerate service coverage at the grass-roots level, which currently stands at 62.22 per cent.
6 Medical Services Division 2. Extension model: “one-wheel drive” upgraded to “two-wheel drive” with 1.188 billion funds.
In 2017, there were at least 120 hospitals and nine hospitals that entered the market system, contributing to a 30.45 per cent share of net profit growth in 2017.
3. Geographical expansion: The two lakes are the main base, gradually expanding the network to the whole country.
Purchase funds cover 145 municipalities, including all of the two lakes.
The mechanisms of restraint have been integrated, and 15,000 employees have come together to fight for Ele’s dream. Equity incentives have met the conditions for movement, with the partner system earning more than 20% of the average and achieving the desired results.
Far further. El is on his way, and the future is better!
1. Three standardized capabilities to establish the status of the King of El ophthalmology.
Both. There are many examples of the inability to maintain pre-existing profitability as a result of the expansion. So many specialized hospitals are afraid to expand significantly, fearing that they will not be able to remain competitive. But El has not only grown significantly in size, but also maintained strong growth and stable operational capacity for nearly a decade after being listed.
High-speed expansion is not replicable, or has there been experience that can be replicated? The leaders and teams are central, but are they remunerative? Can the eye market give birth to an el ophthalmology, and more securitized and good firms?
Replication is higher than expected, and other specialized hospitals do not break through the size of the ceiling, mainly with no ability to upgrade and break at the key point. In the report " Only one, much more than fine -- El ophthalmological chained philosophies and ears " , we put forward the core view: Medical services. The three key capabilities of the chain business model are the basic unit operating capability, the chain reproduction capability and the management of the output capacity, the basic unit earning capacity.
Core, management capacity for output is guaranteed, but the scale is the result. The report further emphasizes that standard-building is the product of endogenous capacity, the key to a complex expansion, and the cornerstone of the creation of the ophthalmology kingdom.
In the report "Only one, much more than a fine -- El ophthalmological chain of philosophies " , we reported that we had increased our ophthalmology to 88.2 billion yuan, with a complex growth rate of 17.6% and will soon become a 100 billion-class market. Structurally, thanks to the State ' s strong support for private hospitals, the development of specialized hospitals, the growth of income from specialist hospital operations was significantly higher than that from general hospital ophthalmology, 2016.
The annual share of specialized hospitals rose to 19.05 per cent. In 2009, the operating income of specialized hospitals was only 3,871 million, compared to $16,816 million in 2016, an increase of almost five times that of cagr and 23.25 per cent, compared to 16 per cent of the ophthalmological income of the general hospital.
El ophthalmology is the only ophthalmology company listed on a stock market. The number of pre-market sites is only 17. El ophthalmology has expanded steadily since the market, reaching over 200 (including M&A funds) in 2017.
The expansion of El ophthalmology has been dominated by new and direct acquisitions. Since 2013, the process of leveraging M&As has begun, with the creation of M&A funds, exploring a larger expansion model and accelerating the strategic layout of the network. According to public sources, El ophthalmology chains are now far larger than their counterparts, with only 44 and 16 of the country’s larger chained ophthalmology and Ere Sun ophthalmology units, while El ophthalmology sites are already available.
National, recent years have begun to develop in Hong Kong, the United States, and Europe. At a time of sustained growth, El ophthalmology’s performance has been impressive: business volumes far ahead of other competitors, business earnings and Maori growth (over 30% cagr), and net profits from sales, gross profits from sales, and gross profits from individual sub-projects have remained stable.
1. Business area: In 2015, the number of clinics in El ophthalmology was 3.22 million and the number of surgeries was 320,000. Both indicators were higher than Prey ophthalmology, new visual ophthalmology, ophthalmology, Igne ophthalmology, Eire Sunphthalmology combined, and El ophthalmology ' s market influence and position were visible. 2) Income area: El ophthalmology growth and growth were parallel, eye service volume rose rapidly, operations developed rapidly.
The market size of the ophthalmology sector is still growing strongly, and El is expected to grow at a compound rate of over 30% annually in the coming years. 3) Net interest rates on sales and Māori rates on sales: Al is actively expanding his own business model, core technology, while doing the same.
The growth in the size of the company has been accompanied by a standardized operating structure, with net interest rates and Māori sales remaining at around 14 per cent and 50 per cent, not affected by the dramatic increase in the number of hospitals and the expansion of the business area. (4) The Māori dimension of the segmented projects: El ' s expansion has not resulted in significant fluctuations in profitability of the individual sub-projects.
In 2009-2016, paramolectal surgery, cataract surgery, front-to-hand surgery and back-to-eye surgery fluctuated by no more than 10% per year (in 2012, greater volatility in paramole surgery was due to the impact of the “knife door” incident, which was not referenced) and remained largely flat. This suggests that Al, while copying the expansion, also kept the cost and income ends at a reasonable level, while the company as a whole remained stable.
The Māori rate for the various sub-projects in figure 6 has remained stable, maintaining profitability, size and profitability, which has led to an annual increase in the market share of El ophthalmology. In 2009, the market share of El ophthalmology hospitals was 2.11 per cent, and the market share of specialist hospitals was 15.54 per cent; in 2016, the share of El ophthalmology hospitals in the overall market for ophthalmology reached its mark.
Almost 5%, accounting for about 25% of the market for specialized hospitals, and an increasing share in the market. As El accelerates its expansion at the local and district levels, it is expected that in 2020, the share of El ophthalmology hospitals in specialist hospitals will reach 30%.
The basic unit operating capacity is a process and prerequisite for standardization, and El ophthalmology has developed a strong basic unit operating capability prior to listing and has refined and summarized its own operating model for use in newly established hospitals; chain reproduction capacity is a practice of standardizing the basic unit capabilities, achieving the effect of “1+1>2” through regular replication expansion; and the standardization of management output is in the “Gods”
The key is to build good productive relationships, create a win-win ecological environment in which all employees are “placing” and thus free their lives. 2. Standardizing basic capabilities: no endogenous capacity, expansion is only a mirror month.
It's not profitable, either to buy it or to create it. It's not sustainable. The ability to operate the core units before El's listing is at the top of the market, with the number of outpatients, surgical operations, operating income, etc., and the combined Māori rate is above the industry average.
Capacity is upgraded to build up an upgraded version of the web site. It is with strong profitability and the standardization of the basic unit operating capacity that El ophthalmology can be “large and strong.” 2.1. Performance before El ophthalmology is on the market: 17 web sites are established, and the Māori rate is higher than the market level.
El ophthalmology has had almost 10 years of business experience before being listed, and has developed a relatively mature business model with excellent performance. In 2006, El ophthalmology earned 17,89 million dollars in business profits and $14,59 million in net return profits, and in 2008, it had reached $72.51 million and $61.37 million, and in about two years, ophthalmology performed very rapidly before being listed, mainly because of the size of the network, the rapid growth of customers, and the fact that the Maori rate is at the top of the market.
1) With regard to the size of the nodes, El ophthalmology expanded its ever more mature operating system through a “three-tier chain” business model for 2006-2008. It replicated and built a large number of nodes, covering a large number of cities centred on two lakes, with a rapid expansion in overall size, with 17 nodes before listing, mostly located in cities with high consumer capacity and high demand in the eye market.
2) In terms of clientele, due to the rapid expansion of the network, the number of clinics was 29.68 per cent and the number of surgeries 42.38 per cent. In 2006, the number of outpatients and surgeries in El ophthalmology was 37,5294 and 3,2754 respectively, and in 2008 the number of outpatients and surgeries in El ophthalmology was 63106 and 66395, respectively, all more than doubled on a 2006 basis.
3) In terms of Māori rates, the average Māori ratio before El ophthalmology was between 50 and 60%. According to the announcement, the average Māori rate in the industry was about 40-50% at that time, and El ophthalmology's profitability was among the highest in the national industry. The Māori rate for pre-market El ophthalmology sub-projects was largely above the industry average.
For example, cataracts, glaucomas, etc., because the provinces (autonomous regions, municipalities) have a unified price policy for such services, the general Māori rate is about 30-50%. The Māori rate is relatively high in non-medical health services, such as para-molecular laser projects, generally over 50%.
They take 50% as the industry average. According to data from El ophthalmology for the first half of 2006-2009: El ophthalmology has a gross interest rate of 60% above the industry's average profit rate; cataract surgery, although low in 2006, has reached 52.14% in the first half of 2009, above most of its peers as the profit model matures; and immediate surgery, back-of-the-eye surgery, inspection.
Levels, and with the increase in unit prices for para-moleculars, treatment tests, etc., the Māori rate of these projects is on the rise further. (4) For doctors, there are more than 400 doctors in El ophthalmology, of whom over 120 are senior doctors, including a group of Ph.D. students, M.A. students, PhDs, post-doctors, Euro-American visiting scholars, and core clinical experts.
The team of teachers provides reliable assurance of the firm’s strength. These include 40 chief physicians (9.98%), 81 deputy doctors (20.20%), 115 attending physicians (28.68%) and 167 in-patient doctors (41.65%), with a mix of doctors of all levels and a reasonable structure.
In April 2006, El ophthalmology was selected by the People's Daily Health Times as “the most powerful ophthalmological hospital in the country.” In general, El had advantages in size, client size, profitability, medical team, operating income, and net profits before he went on the market.
The contours of the ophthalmological kingdom are becoming clearer by the high rate of growth.
El ophthalmology has never stopped its expansion. We have divided its expansion period into the 2006-2008 and 2009-2017 stages, and we have explored the factors that have contributed to the successful confluence of El ophthalmology in the context of the weak expansion of most ophthalmology hospitals. Research has found that endogenous energy has given El ophthalmology sufficient confidence and depth, as demonstrated by its strong profitability and mature operating model in the Old Camp.
The former can compensate for the losses of the new hospital, while the latter can provide a learning template for the new hospital and enhance its operational capacity. (We will view the seven hospitals that were first established in 2002-2004 as “old camps” hospitals for the 2006-2008 expansion period; with the extension of the operational year, 17 pre-market hospitals are already well established, and therefore 17 pre-listed hospitals are considered to be post-market 2009-2017.)
2.2.1. Seven old hospitals contributed to the rapid expansion of the Internet between 2006 and 2008, with the opening of the first seven hospitals in 2002-2004, including Chengdu-El, Chang-Sha-El, Wuhan-El, Sha-Yan-El, Huang.
The seven hospitals were all profitable in 2006-2008. For example, in 2006-2008, the net profits in 2006-2008 were 12,377.2, 14.45 and 22,82.8 million, respectively. Not only was the net profits significant, but the compound growth rate was 89.64% of the total profits.
Sengyang Yiel, Sheung Yiel, Cheong Yil, Jinan Yil, Jinyang Yiil, Chen Yil, Han Tail, and Guangzhou. Most of these companies were in a state of loss when they were established, but the profits of the seven old hospitals made up for the losses of the new hospitals and, drawing on the experience of the seven old hospitals, the new hospitals showed rapid annual growth in operating income and gradually lost their net profits. For example, Chongqing Yiel,
The “old-camp” hospital that was established before being listed is powerfully responsible for a new wave of expansion. The pre-market hospital, compared to the post-market hospital, has a longer business history and is vital to the overall development of Earl after being listed.
Three hundred and fifty-five thousand dollars, representing 49.89% of the company’s total net profit, and selling a much higher net interest rate than the company as a whole. These mature hospitals are the backbone of Earl’s expansion, driving the expansion of Earl’s presence on the market, and maintaining steady and smooth growth in the company’s overall operating data.
The seven hospitals that were analysed by Chang Shaaïre, Chengdu El, Chongqing El, Xiangyang Yiil, and Chang Chau El each year are among the top 10 major subsidiaries published in the annual El newspaper, the best-performing group of hospitals established prior to listing, with strong representation. In 2009-2017, the seven “old-camp” hospital camps fell from 72.25% to 28.17%, but this was due to the expansion of Al.
So, the size of the seven hospitals is still at the forefront of the many hospitals in Elea, supporting the growth of the company as a whole. In 2016, seven hospitals received an average of 5.02%, 4.02%, while the rest received an average of 1%, 0.87%, and the average operating size of the seven hospitals was five times that of their remaining subsidiaries. In terms of net sales interest rates, the net rates for sales of the seven hospitals were 23.85%, 23.55%, El. in 2016 and 2017.
The net interest rate on overall sales was 14.18% and 13.3%, and the net interest rate on sales in the seven mature hospitals was much higher than in the company as a whole, suggesting that the hospitals’ operating model was mature, profitable, and could still be used as a benchmark for the rest of the hospital’s development. It was because of the support and demonstration role of the old companies that Earl made a significant expansion, with the rest of the companies increasing their net profit on average from 2.81% in 2009 to 0.6% in 2017, overall.
2.3. Standardized support: Only one focused ophthalmological care service is available. In 2017, for example, ophthalmology received $5,956.3 million, other operations only $6.51 million, and ophthalmological care earned 99.89 per cent.
The focus on the development of the ophthalmology industry has been on the 99% or more, as can be seen. Despite the fact that El ophthalmology is divided into different areas, it is consistent with the strategy of a breakthrough, an important premise of which is that the market space for a breakthrough is wide enough.
As China moves into an ageing society, the demand for cataract surgery will continue to grow, creating conditions for sustained growth and structural upgrading at the same time as the population ' s capacity to pay increases; the potential market space for paramole surgery is enormous, with lower penetration rates for paramolecular surgery in the country compared to the population base in China.
We believe that the main course is wide enough to be the happiness of the leading business, and that the main course is the best strategy to focus on when it is wide, until it is anticipated that the track will be crowded or the ceiling will appear. So, with only one strategy, El ophthalmology will be the most rewarding.
Development, and the development of the business area from the two lakes to the entire country and to the world as a whole, has greatly widened the boundaries of enterprise development. 2.3.1. Unswervingly moving towards full-ophthalmology, gradually permeating sub-specialties, because of the high risks of cross-cutting issues, El ophthalmology is not involved too much in operations other than ophthalmology, but if only ophthalmology.
Part of the breakdown is that El ophthalmology is not capable of producing a large chain of kingdoms. El ophthalmology does not simply remain in the two main sub-sections of paramolecular surgery and cataract surgery, but also penetrates into other sub-ophthalmological fields, moving in the direction of the whole eye. According to public sources, El ophthalmology is concentrated in near-vision correction, cataract treatment, close-vision control of adolescents, slant vision and eye disease, corneas and eyes.
The sub-specialities of ophthalmology are concentrated in the immediate and post-ophthalmological areas, including eye plastics, awakening beauty, eye bottom diseases, glass removal, and a simple retinal separation from surgery. We reflect the company’s emphasis on sub-specialties with the income from both the immediate and the back-eye surgery.
At the same time, El ophthalmology increased the scope of its visual services and set up a number of pilot screening clinics (e.g., business models and competitiveness reports in Changsha and Shenyang in 2014).
According to the Ear survey, sight operations are expected to account for one third of the company’s revenue in the future.
2.3.2. From the two lakes to the whole country, from the national to the global level, El Quest has become the world-class leader in order to further expand its market size and increase branding influence, in addition to maintaining full eye development, it has also expanded the area in which it operates: from the very beginning, it has developed gradually, primarily in the two lake regions, towards the national and even global level.
1) At the domestic level, business earnings have increased at a high rate in all regions in 2011-2017. This is represented by 51.66% in Guangdong.
2) El ophthalmology also extends its tentacles to the rest of the world, along with the strengthening of national web sites. In 2015, El ophthalmological International (Hong Kong) Ltd. was established, and in 2017 El ophthalmological International (Europe) Ltd. and El & International Holdings Ltd. were set up to buy high-quality eye companies in Hong Kong, Europe, and the United States, to speed up the global layout and move towards the goal of leading the world-class eye industry.
2.4. Initial construction of standardization: four standard-based solidification basic unit capabilities. “Standardization” throughout the process of El ophthalmology expansion. The company insists on standardizing new hospitals built or acquired, building new hospitals that enter the body more quickly into the overall structure of the company. We have developed four major standardized constructions of the El ophthalmology new hospital.
Behaviour: Standardization of site selection, staffing standardization, standardization of equipment configuration and standardization of marketing. 2.4.1. Standardization of site selection: central areas with high selective prices and high human circulation. Public information indicates that El ophthalmology selected hospital addresses are subject to a number of conditions: (i) the main road, with large population movements around them; and (ii) contiguousity.
Neighboured large residential areas, densely populated and not necessarily consummate commercial areas; (3) convenient public transport, many public transport routes and parking lots; (4) cost-effective, with minimal rent costs; (5) housing structure suitable for hospital appearance, structure, space, adaptation.
We picked out the addresses of some of the El ophthalmology hospitals and their nearby traffic routes, including level I, level II hospitals (Hando-El, Shenzhen-El, Cyan-El and Chang Chun-El) and level III, level IV hospitals (Kijiang-El, Wyo-El, Xing-Li-Li, Nanning-El and Kiyo-Il), and found that the locations of these hospitals were close to public transport, and there were many public transport routes that could be easily accessed.
It is a region with a large human flow, adjacent to large residential areas, which can bring about a significant improvement in El ophthalmology's operations. 213a to Phoenix Village Station, 106, 107, 38, 208, 218, 219, 219.
Kiyo-il, Kiyo-kun City Bridge North, 6th 213a to Fung Fong Hotel Station, 101, 103, 104, 105, 218, 219,
Standardization of staffing: a stable staffing structure for new hospitals. Standardization of staffing is an important part of the process of standardizing El ophthalmology, maintaining consistency in staffing and facilitating management and operations.
The types of personnel in the new hospitals include the five components of clinical, medical, nursing, management and service and visual mirrors, which, according to data from the four new hospitals disclosed by El ophthalmology, are relatively constant, with approximately 20 per cent clinical staff, 13.5 per cent medical technicians, 29 per cent nursing staff, 26 per cent management and service staff, and 12 per cent time mirror personnel.
The department director is directly assigned by the company. The staffing of the system ensures that each new hospital will operate quickly in line with the operating model of a mature hospital and will help to better align the new hospital with the company's management operating system.
Standardization of equipment is essential for the standardization of ophthalmology. The two most important factors in ophthalmology are doctors and equipment, which can be successfully completed only if there is a combination of the two. The standardization of equipment facilitates the training and guidance of doctors at higher hospitals and gives full effect to the “staff chain” of doctors in lower hospitals; it facilitates the movement of internal physicians in El and avoids the movement of doctors because they are not familiar with the equipment.
The amount of business has an impact; it helps to increase bargaining power with upstream firms, resulting in price discounts. El's medical facilities are mostly technologically advanced ophthalmological equipment, most of which are imported from countries with more advanced ophthalmology, such as the United States, Japan, France, Italy.
Surgery, a flight-second surgical device that can be operated on a dreary corneas laser.
Gwangzhenghangseng Thematic Report on Business Models and Competitiveness 2.4.4. Standardization of Marketing: Brand Information Import + “Media Marketing + Marketing for Selected Groups”
The promotion of El ophthalmology is divided into two parts: a pre-opening brand information import; and a combination of “media + specific group marketing” in daily post-opening marketing. 1) El ophthalmology is fully engaged in brand information importation before the hospital begins:
The first phase focuses on branding functions and image dissemination, combining hard and soft advertising; The second phase focuses on branding authority and visibility, with a focus on soft media, a lecture on health concepts, and a full-scale campaign on eye health and sexual communication, thus building the authority and visibility of El ophthalmology;
The third phase builds on the maturity of the first two phases of operations, captures market-consumption hesitations, and provides timely feedback on market information in order to align marketing programmes. This phase, in addition to continuing good brand image dissemination, is followed by brand upgrading, with a focus on branding reputations.
Media marketing is mainly divided into audio-visual media, print media, the Internet, and targeted at all potential consumer groups The marketing of specific groups of people consists mainly of the marketing of services, which target existing or past patients, and the marketing of “student” channels, which focus on students who currently use electronic equipment frequently.
The diversity of marketing has made El's brands known to most people and increased his visibility. 2.5. The three major "super-associated" moves to create upgraded sites are far from sufficient to maintain the level of standardization that has developed in a new era and that should lead to greater standardization.
In order to upgrade the operating capability of the basic unit, El introduced three standardized “super-equipment” actions: expanding the area of business, increasing the number of people, and increasing the number of equipment. We believe that this reflects the confidence and energy of the management team, but the general trend towards a sustained increase in the landscape of the industry and market consumption capacity is also a key factor in success.
I. Based on the size of the market and the number of customers, Earl’s area of business shows a trend of growth, with an average of 4.18 per cent of the business area in 2012-2017. Since El ophthalmology chose the lease model (which would reduce one-time expenditure and reduce initial investment costs), the place of business was fixed for many years and the area of business could not change gradually each year, so here we have selected data for 2012, 2015, 2017 and we have selected data for 3 years.
According to the results of the study, the average area of business in El ophthalmology has shown a clear upward trend: the average area of business in 2012 was 5355 square metres, the average area of business in 2015 was 5644 square metres, and the average area of business in 2017 was 6573 square metres. Since most of the relocation and expansion projects took place in hospitals in the capital city, we excluded data on the area of operation of hospitals at the capital level in Central Africa for the three years.
The average area of operation of provincial capital hospitals over the three years has been increasing, with provincial capital hospitals operating on average 7008 square metres in 2012, provincial capital hospitals operating on average 7386 square metres in 2015, provincial capital hospitals operating on average 8119 square metres in 2017 and cagr on average 2.99 per cent in 2017.
For 3%, the net profit per unit area increased to $1300, or 3% for cagr. This means that the area of El was expanded on the basis of an increased volume of business, and that the expanding area of business could accommodate more customers and enhance consumer consumption experience.
Average level of operating space. In 2016, the country ' s ophthalmology hospital had a total of 3,359,683 square metres of building space, 537 specialized ophthalmology hospitals and an average of 6036.67 square metres of operating space for specialized ophthalmology hospitals other than El ophthalmology; according to published information, the average operating area of Irey Sunshine was 3416.67 square metres, the average operating area of ophthalmology was 6084.82 square metres, and the average operating area of ophthalmology was 6084.82 square metres.
The area is 5586.12 square metres, with an average business area of 6573 square metres less than that of the 2017 El ophthalmology. According to our study, the average business area of El ophthalmology has actually reached, or even exceeded, that of the main or flagship hospital of the company, due to the small number of company links.
The increase in the average area of operation (m2) and the average area of operation is mainly due to two factors: the large area of operation of the new site and the partial area of the existing site 1) and the larger area of operation of the new El ophthalmology site, even if not in the provincial capital city (7,300 m2,
Shenzhen 6568.05 square metres, Ningpoil 71,01.81 square metres, Chengdu East area 14,703.68 square metres, and Lou Diène 9905.5 square metres. This is due to the fact that pre-opening research predicts that there will be a large number of customers and that a large amount of business space will be needed to operate in order to avoid further expansion as a result of a small opening space option. The expansion will require not only new costs, but hospitals will be forced to close down, causing unnecessary losses.
2) As the pace of expansion accelerates, some of the sites are already not able to meet the growing number of customers due to the early start-up times, and El has been relocated to maintain their influence in these areas. Most of these sites are located in provincial capitals, and are important for their overall development.
I. The average number of people per hospital in El ophthalmology (total/lock size) has increased from year to year. The average number of people in 2013 was 130, and by 2017 it was 174, or 7.56%, of the population. The expansion of the size of the staff was a necessary expansion with the growth in the volume of operations and the expansion of the area of operations. The average size of the population in 2017 was slightly smaller than the average population in 2016.
This decline is due to the entry into the public system of nine non-provincial capital hospitals under the auspices of the M&A fund in 2017, as well as the construction of several non-provincial capital hospitals. Compared to the provincial capital hospitals, these hospitals are smaller in size and require a relatively small number of personnel.
The expansion of personnel is highly targeted. While the overall population has been increasing from 2009 to 2017, the average output (business income/persons) indicates that the increase in the average staff size of El was driven by the expansion of the company’s business.
In 2017, the total number of doctors was 180,3462, while the number of ophthalmologists was 1.3 per cent, and the number of ophthalmologists was small, so the number of ophthalmologists in El ophthalmology is a core strategic resource. The number of ophthalmologists in El ophthalmology increased from year to year. In 2009, the number of ophthalmologists in El ophthalmology (assist) was 450, and in 2016 it reached 1985 (about 26 per cent of medical staff according to El ophthalmological bulletin).
The proportion of ophthalmologists in the country’s ophthalmologists and ophthalmologists has also increased from year to year. As of 2016, ophthalmology had nearly 8.47% of the country’s ophthalmologists’ resources, up from 4.54% of the market size of ophthalmology (not including the M&A fund component), reflecting the importance of companies to doctors’ resources, while adequate ophthalmologist resources have ensured that El ophthalmologists lead.
Chart 26 shows that ophthalmology accounts for 8.47% of the country’s ophthalmologists’ resources, while the quality of doctors is gradually increasing. Before the market, only 809 people, or only 29.97%, had a scientific history.
In the course of the year, 6089 employees in El ophthalmology had at least a scientific history, with cagr as high as 28.7%, while the proportion of employees in this scientific history had reached 38.78%. In order to maintain the leading position of doctors’ resources, El ophthalmology has been working both internally and externally to keep blood flowing.
Within the company, El ophthalmology constantly trains and strengthens the management of medical personnel. El focuses heavily on training courses, divided into internal and external training, in an effort to create one of El’s core competitiveness. On the one hand, training can improve the performance of internal physicians and, on the other hand, through the organization of various training courses, it can enhance El’s impact and open up more clients.
El ophthalmology has developed a training system that, over the years of practice, has developed a distinctive training model that integrates teaching, training, testing, and further promotes effective clinical association and transformation. According to public information, in recent years El has conducted a number of training courses within the group, and in 2018 he organized the second training course at the All-Fly Second Training Centre in Guangzhou, and the diagnostics of fluorescence and bottom vascular imaging techniques.
Training courses, first course on ultra-diagnostic techniques for ophthalmology ab, course on the regularization of dry eye clinics, fifth course for directors, first session on functional video-based business models and competitiveness reports, third training course on all-fly second laser cornea draught surgery techniques and, in general, ninth course on the standardization and training of the technology of Bacillation surgery
The course’s course is divided into theoretical and practical components, which help doctors to consolidate themselves more quickly through practice, based on an understanding of the theory. The course’s teaching specialists, including the group’s leading physicians and the country’s leading physicians, can enhance communication among hospital doctors at all levels and learn from the best ideas of the country’s leading ophthalmologists.
In 2013, the company and the University of Central and South China established the El Eye Academy at the University of Central and South China, and 80% of the Masters and Doctors who graduated in the last two years were part of the team of El ophthalmologists. And in 2014, 2016, El ophthalmology set up the Hubei School of Technology El ophthalmology, the College of Academic Specialists, and postdoctoral research.
The Mobile Station Collaboration Research and Development Centre, which constantly provides high-level medical resources to El ophthalmology. 2.5.3. Scale of equipment: introduction of advanced ophthalmology equipment, guarantee of quality services. El ophthalmology has also been actively upgraded in terms of equipment.
In 2017, an average of $27.57 million was spent on equipment. In recent years, El was equipped with advanced medical equipment in all provincial capitals. In Shenzhen, for example, between 2015.5 and 2016.121, the Yag laser glass digestion was introduced, the Heidelberg common focal laser bottom scanning system, the German zeiss 210 high-end surgery microscope, the Pascal multi-point scanning eye bottom laser system and the extreme speed.
All-laser flight seconds ifs 150. In addition, Al was equipped with flying-second laser devices in the hospitals of Taihara, Al-Yu-yung, Chongqing-yale, Nan Chang-yil, Nanjing-yale (currently applied in the eye, a laser that produces pulses of near infrared wavelengths (1053 nm) for cutting the corneal tissue to form the cornea petals and corneas-based layers, thereby replacing the cornea-plate blades with approximately $4 million per flight-second laser device)
Business Models and Competitiveness Thematic Report 2.5.4 Standardized “super-matching” behaviour support new hospitals turned into surplus due to replication of pre-established basic operating capabilities and three “super-matching” exercises (widening area, increasing staff, increasing equipment)
To improve profitability, Al has the ability to make a “stone of gold.” Chang Chun Yill was established in 2010 with a loss of $6,452.5 million, with a range of advanced equipment imported from abroad, with 23 ophthalmologists having at least the rank of deputy director, and a successful profit of $24.13 million in 2013.
After being listed, El started to build and acquire substantially, to fully leverage the fund-raising role, to acquire a certain premium on net assets, but the new or acquired hospitals have become more profitable as a result of a lack of familiarity with the local business and the time needed to enter the company’s operating system into the newly established hospital. But, with a standardized “super-matching” baptism, the new companies have gradually increased their profitability.
3. Standardization of reproduction: from simple to upgraded replication, across-the-board expansion.
The wrong choice of development and direction is a serious problem. El's expansionary experience is highly instructive. According to our research, El, three dimensions of chain patterns, expansion patterns and geographical layout present three characteristics:
Within the framework of the “stratification chain”, the top-down expansion model of first- and second-tier hospitals, provincial capital city hospitals, and popular district hospitals has been adopted. In terms of the expansion model, El ophthalmology has been upgraded from a one-wheel drive of expansion based on new/direct acquisitions to “corporate + industrial mergers”
3. With regard to the geographical layout, El ophthalmology uses the mode of origin and face-to-face development of networks from the two lake areas to all parts of the country. 3.1. Chain-to-chain models are upgraded and expanded from top to bottom.
In order to expand the size of the market and better cover the grass-roots level, El ophthalmology has gradually upgraded the “third-tier chain” to a “hierarchical chain” once it has been marketed. With the “stratification chain” as an expansion model, El follows the principle of first- and second-tier hospitals, provincial capital city hospitals, and popular regional hospitals, building strong influence in the central zone and then developing hospitals in the lower cities through brand radiation.
3.1.1. The network sunk to the county level and the services covered the grass-roots level. Due to the geographical nature of the Chinese eye market, the chain of initial El ophthalmological choices was established in the form of a “third-level chain” of “first-level hospitals, second-level hospitals, third-level hospitals.” As primary consultations and grade-level referrals progress, the focus of medical needs will continue to sink, and market opportunities and opportunities at the grass-roots level will be empty.
To this end, El ophthalmology, in keeping with the reform trend, has upgraded the chain model through the innovation of the development model, further upgrading the three-tier chain to the “central city-provincial-local city-county-county” block-link model, accelerating the sinking of networks to local and county areas, accelerating the expansion of the network, accelerating the horizontal and vertical flow of quality medical resources, building a multi-doctor platform within the group system, and providing quality services to patients at the grass-roots level.
The central city hospital is located mainly in the north, and is a national centre for technical and diagnostic consultations; the provincial capital city hospital is a service centre in a hierarchical chain model; the local city hospital forms a network of services for El ophthalmology; and the county city hospital is a district hospital.
In this chain model, where each level of hospital provides personnel support and technical guidance to the next level of hospital, unsettled problems are transmitted to the next level of hospital with a clear structure. This chain model brings together the best doctors in the central and provincial capitals, and does not require an even distribution of doctor resources to solve the problem of high-quality ophthalmologists.
If every site needs to be equipped with ophthalmologists at all technical levels, even if El currently has 8.47% of the country’s ophthalmology resources, it is not enough to have enough top ophthalmologists assigned to the various sites. The location and functions of hospitals are clear and well communicated, highly suited to China’s circumstances and market environment, improving resource-sharing efficiency and the breadth of the hospital network.
Chart 30 Al down to the district level, where the district will be the main future outpatient area 3.1.2. Rolling down the "El" brand in the central area, gradually sinking the network point, with a hierarchical chaining model that makes the hospital hierarchy within El clear, but in which order these levels are developed, it's Earl.
The answer is to follow the top-down pattern: from level-II hospitals to level-III hospitals, from provincial capitals to district-level municipalities, from areas with high consumer capacity to areas with low consumer capacity. This expansion of El allows it to make its own brand, pull and attract more consumers, and then reduce the resistance to building networks in non-central areas.
I. Al first built level I and II hospitals in central and provincial capitals, then accelerated the sinking of level III hospitals. By 2017, 5 level I hospitals, 29 level II hospitals and 56 level III hospitals had been created (based on annual reports and official network hospitals). In 2009, El site did not cover major provincial capitals, and most of its efforts were focused on the construction of level I and II hospitals, which were in the same year ' s level I hospitals, level II hospitals, and level III hospitals.
The number of hospitals is 3, 11, 7, and the number of level-III hospitals is not even higher than the number of level-II hospitals. The ratio of level-I hospitals, level-II hospitals, and level-III hospitals is 14.29, 52.38, 33.33, respectively. In 2010, seven new level-II hospitals were built in El, while the number of level-III hospitals was increased by only three. With the improved layout of level-I and level-II hospitals, El accelerated the construction of level-III hospitals. In 2017, the number of level-II hospitals increased by only two, compared with the number of level-III hospitals.
The number of hospitals increased by 15, with 5.56 per cent for level I hospitals, 32.22 per cent for level II hospitals and 62.22 per cent for level III hospitals.
There are two main reasons why El chose the provincial capital city as a base: 1. If a hospital was to be established first in a district, it would be necessary to improve its reputation by operating a large number of hospitals, at high cost and difficult to manage. 2. Patients with problems usually choose to go to the provincial city or central city for treatment, rather than to hospitals in remote areas.
As of 2018, the mainland region had hospitals in the three autonomous regions of Xinjiang, Tibet, and Inner Mongolia, with the exception of the hospitals of El Xinjiang, Henan, and Fujian.
El chose to build the first hospital in the provincial capital city.
The area is covered by the network. El has the largest number of sites in Hunan, and we're looking at them. El first set up the Chang Shalai ophthalmology hospital in Sha, provincial president, and then built the site in several higher gdp cities. By 2004, with the exception of Yooyang, the top five cities of the annual average gdp had access to the site.
3.2. Transformation of the expansion model: One-wheel drive has been upgraded to two-wheel drive, with a fast-growing chain size. First, according to our research, the growth of the El Eye mature Hospital has not been able to lift the growth of Al as a whole beyond the market level of eye-medical services. To maintain a high rate of growth, it has to be supported by an outreach growth (e.g., new/direct acquisitions/industrial fund mergers and acquisitions).
We have selected eight mature companies (Wuhan-El, Shen-Yan-El, Chang-Sha-El, Chengdu-El, Chongqing-El, Shaan-El, Chia-El, Guangzhou-El) to analyse foreseeable bottlenecks in endogenous growth. These eight companies were established before the market, and their annual revenues are huge, and it makes sense to use these eight companies as representatives of El maturity.
The growth level of mature hospitals has gradually converged with the industry. In 2012, these eight mature companies accounted for 51.15% of the company ' s revenues, but with El ' s expansion and the development of the rest of the hospital, the share of these eight mature companies in the company ' s revenues declined to 37.69% in 2016.
The growth rate of mature firms is even lower than that of the overall size of the market for eye care. As can be seen, these companies have done a great deal in size, and their share in the local market has reached a high level, with well-developed business models that have evolved over more than a decade and have gradually converged towards industry levels.
The growth rate of the new hospitals is impressive, far above the market average. In 2012-2016, apart from the eight mature companies, it was evident that Earl's high growth in operating income over the years was largely dependent on the expansion of external activity, through the establishment of new hospitals, the replication of the models that were used in these hospitals, and the rapid growth of the operating revenues of these hospitals in a short period of time, thereby securing the market size of the whole of Earl.
II. El ophthalmology’s expansion model has evolved from a one-wheel-drive model at the “corporate” level to a two-wheel-drive model at the “corporate + industrial merger fund.” By 2014, El ophthalmology had built new hospitals or acquired them, mainly with company-owned funds or publicly raised funds in the stock market, which is an expansion at the corporate-owned level, which we call a one-wheel-drive expansion.
By 2017, there were more than 120 ophthalmology hospitals under the umbrella of the El ophthalmology merger fund.
Since some hospitals in El ophthalmology did not disclose in the annual report, research is done here by companies disclosed in the annual newspaper by El ophthalmology. Until 2014, El ophthalmology was mainly based on new constructions and acquisitions, with an average of 7-8 new hospitals per year in 2009-2013, expanding at a slower pace; starting in 2014, El ophthalmology’s network was rapidly expanding through industry M&A funds, targeting nine public M&A funds.
According to El ophthalmology, the M & As fund invests mainly in hospitals by acquiring or building new ones, the acquired hospital project will be incorporated into the public company for several years after the acquisition; the new hospital project will be profitable for about three years because of the market’s breeding period, and will be at a profit of between $30 million and $5 million.
As the M&A funds of these industries mature, it can be expected that a large number of M&A hospitals will be introduced into the public system over the next few years, and that the size of the internal hospitals will expand rapidly. Figure 35 Industry M&A funds will accelerate El ophthalmology expansion, with a chain of over 200 in 2017.
3.2.1. Single-wheel-drive expansion: new hospitals are growing rapidly and the breeding cycle is shrinking. First, in the first one-wheel-drive phase, new hospitals in El ophthalmology can achieve a very high rate of growth in the early stages of their establishment by drawing on the mature operating model of existing hospitals.
In terms of total operating income, the newly established hospitals are far from operating as compared to hospitals that have been in operation for many years, but they are growing very fast. During the period 2013-2016, the business income of the new hospitals was 332.36 in 2013.
Ten thousand dollars, or 52.1 per cent and 169.85 per cent, respectively; by contrast, while the combined revenues of Yang Yill, Chengdu Yill, Chongqing Yill and Wuhan El were far larger than those of the two newly established companies, the four mature hospitals grew at a relatively low rate in 2013-2016 and even fell year after year, four years of cagr being below the market size of the eye-care industry.
The growth of new hospitals has been strong compared with the growth of new ones, especially in previous years, where the volume of operating income could have doubled several times.
Chart 37 shows a very rapid growth in the early years of the establishment of the new hospital. Second, in the one-wheel-drive phase, El ophthalmology created a new hospital by way of new and direct acquisitions, and by studying what we found, the first year of the construction of the new hospital was generally higher than that of the M&A. The reason is that the new hospital starts from zero, the market needs to be nurtured, the team needs to be togethered, and through
The El ophthalmological chain model, the demonstration effect of the higher hospital, the new hospital can quickly achieve a significant increase in operating income in the following year by imitating the way some mature Al hospital operates; and the M&A hospital is already operating, building up local customer resources and branding effects, with a relatively high starting point.
We study the first two years of operating income after the establishment of the hospital. In general, the new hospital was set up in mid-year, and in order to maintain the time span of operating income for the second year, the first year of operating income was treated differently according to the availability of data: The first year of operating income was later in the month of the establishment of Al-Hainin, Shenzhen and Shaan Si-il, and the first year of operating income was chosen as the full year of the second year of operating income.
The first year of business income from Camp Eile, Lou Diène, filial, and Gon Eel is calculated on the basis of income from the start-up date and from the start-up to the end of the period (as a result of the relative stability of monthly operating income from the eye and the study of hospitals such as East Eyre and Yoo Yi ' a, it can be seen that business income is nearly twice as high as half of the year 2016), e.g., since Gon Eel started business in 2015/7/17, the current year was 5.5 months.
Beijing-Air and Chengdu-El have been used directly because of the disclosure of operating income throughout the year (including before the acquisition). Specifically, the first year of a new hospital was almost lost, but, after a year of operation, a mature hospital’s operating model and management model has been gradually learned, the next year’s operating income will be significantly increased, including Shenzhen-El, Camp-Eil, and Dong-Eil, even in Seoul.
Annual operating income grew at a rate of more than 100%. For M&A hospitals, there were two different scenarios: hospitals where the original operating model was more mature and profitable, and where the exemplary effects of the El Quality Hospital were minimal; and hospitals where the original operating model was backward and less profitable, and where the exemplary effects of El Entrepreneurship had a greater impact through learning and adaptation.
We see hospitals with a positive net profit for the first year as having a relatively mature operating model, and hospitals with a negative net profit for the first year as having a relatively backward operating model. Research shows that for hospitals with a more mature operating model, the average growth rate is around 10%, while for hospitals with a relatively backward operating model, the average increase is more than 20%.
Figure 38 The growth rate of new hospitals in the year in which they started was higher than that of the acquired hospitals. IV. The one-wheel-drive expansion phase, where Earl ' s capacity to replicate, has been further enhanced, as evidenced by the growing cycle of new hospitals.
Shorter and shorter. From new to normal operations to profitability, the middle process and unanticipated throes are impossible to avoid, but they do not expand without a far-reaching future. The world is not perfect, and El’s efforts cannot be seen if only the results are seen. Many of the contradictions faced by firms are similar, but only good firms can balance short-term and medium- and long-term development goals.
According to the survey feedback of March 2013, 44 hospitals operated by the company, more than 20 for profit and more than 20 for loss; in December 2013, 50 per cent of hospitals were still in loss; in September 2014, 32 hospitals were in loss, 19 for loss and more than 60 per cent for profit. Despite the large number of hospitals with lost performance, El kept saying that they would not be considered for sale.
Powerful endogenous capacity, El can be replicated through the existing hospital model, making new hospitals more profitable. Through these years of expansion, El has become increasingly mature, and the new hospital will soon be able to keep pace with the company as a whole and achieve its growth cycle, defined as the time it has gone through from the year it was established to the year it began to be profitable.
It takes more than four years to develop, and hospitals built after 2012-2014 will be profitable for almost two to three years, starting in 2015 with filial filial ail and Shaojiang, even one year of operation. The shorter cycle of cultivation highlights the growing maturity of El ophthalmology, with new hospitals built or directly acquired to “refeal” the company more quickly, giving El ophthalmology greater weight.
Bottom gas for faster expansion. Business Models and Competitiveness Thematic Report 3.2.2. Double-wheel drive model: Industry M&A funds provide quality targets to accelerate scale expansion
Research has shown that the growth of El Maurice Hospital has gradually returned to overall market growth, and that if El is to maintain a high rate of growth, it will have to be expanded. But a new hospital built through new construction/direct acquisitions will inevitably experience a loss at the start or a lack of certainty at the start. The two-wheel-drive model that El ophthalmology started in 2014 can be a good solution to this problem:
By virtue of their professional nature, they have a wide range of social resources, are able to identify and connect to quality acquisitions, have a comparative advantage in acquisition negotiations, and are more efficient in decision-making and fast in decision-making locks. At the same time, they can leverage their use and returns.
I. Starting in 2014, Elephthalm participated in the establishment of seven industrial M & As funds and institutions (the former Shenzhen Eastern Medical Industries M & A, the Beijing Center for United M & A Funds, the Hunan Elen Middle Eye Industries M & A Investment Fund, the Washington U.N. 2 Industries M & A Fund, the Nanjing El An ophthalmology Investment Centre, the Hunan Vision Silver Eye Medical Partnership and Hunan Vision Long Silver Medical Products
Through the Industrial Mergers and Acquisitions Fund, El ophthalmology has scaled up its investment capacity, increased the number of M&As for future development, promoted a robust integration of El & Purchases and extended expansion, seized market development opportunities, and further increased El’s market ownership and brand radiation throughout the country.
Of the first four industry M&A funds, El held no more than 10% of the shares, and leveraged $12.2 billion with $418 million. As regulation strengthened, leverage declined, and the subsequent industry M&As reached nearly 20%.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
II. After the transformation of El ophthalmology into a "two-wheel drive" after 2014, the internal breeding cycle was reduced to a shorter one, the hospitals under the M & A fund were raised from the outside, and the hospital became fully operational and then injected into the market system through fund-raising. In 2017, El ophthalmology transformed El Qing, under the M & A fund, into Toshigia, Yang & Shenzhen under the flag of the former Sea M & A fund.
Jiang Yill, Tian Yill, Foshan El, and Qing Yuil have been listed through fund-raising and have gained profits in the first year after the fund-raising process, resolving the problem of the formerly new and listed hospitals with only losses or benefits and improving El’s corporate reporting. The net profits of these nine companies amounted to 8.68 per cent of the company’s total net profits in the year, and accounted for the same increase in net profits in the consolidated statements (net profits in 2017 – 2016).
The proportion of annual net profits is as high as 30.45%, an important driver of net profit growth in 2017. Eight of the nine hospitals are located in areas where El has no local network, increasing the coverage of El ophthalmology sites.
III. The M & A hospitals that are listed in the M & A fund have already made a profit by the time they are listed, but this does not mean that these companies have matured and no further room for growth. In terms of the efficiency of the M & A fund last year, these companies are far less effective than Chang Shayle, mature companies like Chongqing El, less efficient space use, and there is still much room for growth after these hospitals are listed.
The overall performance of Al has risen rapidly. Business Models and Competitiveness Thematic Report 3.2.3. Profit structures have been balanced, and major points/sub-hospitals have joined forces to help Al jump.
Most of the newly established/new merger companies will soon be able to make a profit and become a new growth point. By 2017, most hospitals had entered the profit model, driving the company’s overall performance up.
At the beginning of the market, El ophthalmology’s profits and revenues were mainly provided by the top ten subsidiaries, which, owing to a long breeding cycle, the newly established hospitals are still growing and have not yet started to make a profit, and the company’s profits as a whole are largely supported by the top ten hospitals. The profits from the first ten hospitals in 2012 accounted for 58.76% of the company’s overall operating profits, with net profits accounting for 129.54% of the company’s net profits, while the top ten hospitals were in a deficit position.
With the reduction of the breeding cycle, hospitals in the body are largely profitable, companies are growing not only on the top hospitals, which are more profitable, but also on the ground. In 2017, the net profit of the top 10 hospitals was only 57.2% of the net profit of the company as a whole, and the net profit of the non-top 10 hospitals as a share of the net profit of the company as a whole was 42.8%.
The growth rate of operating income in the top 10 hospitals was 8.92 per cent, and the net profit growth rate was 19.67 per cent, compared to 82.93 per cent in the non-top 10 hospitals as a whole. The net profit growth rate was 80.29 per cent, and the performance of the top 10 hospitals in the young hospitals was dramatically higher.
The territorial expansion path of the chain model is challenging for entrepreneurs, and El has done an excellent job in this area, which can be summarized as follows:
A “group” strategy is adopted outside the two lakes to accelerate development through the influence of the existing hospitals.
(1) El ophthalmology is preceded by the Changsha El ophthalmology Hospital, which is also based in Changsha. The construction of the first stage focused mainly on the two lakes, with five hospitals in Hunan, four in North, and a pre-market layout that laid out the way in which El was built with the two lakes. A distribution study of the layout of the El Net store found that El's network had covered all of the two lakes in 2014.
And while most of the provinces do not have full coverage of the municipalities, the two lakes have begun to build district-level cities, and the first district-level Elmephthal hospital was set up in Hunan in 2015.) The later stages of the construction of El are built around the two lakes, close to the two lakes in Guangdong Province, Jiangxi Province, Chongqing City, Sichuan Province, Hebei Province.
The provinces of Henan, Anhui, and other provinces have multiple El ophthalmological sites, and these sites are located close to the edges of the two lakes. Hospitals established in these provinces can use Al’s brand-made radiation effects in the two lakes, boost potential customers, and reduce dissemination costs.
3. Hospitals outside the two lakes are organized according to the same strategy. The departments of Jilin, Guangdong, Anhui, Liaoning, etc. are relatively close, as each chain of hospitals creates a certain market influence and radiation in the surrounding area.
As a result of the information costs to be spent, a “group” distribution scenario has been created.
There is wide space. Building good production relationships depends on the management capacity of the enterprise, and enterprises need to build mechanisms between a range of stakeholders in order to generate productive relationships that contribute to productivity development. Morgan once said, “Whatever approach is taken must be aimed at mobilizing motivation.” El ophthalmology, as the leader of the ophthalmology industry, developed a variety of targeted measures to motivate employees to work,
Incentives for management to create more wealth for companies, strengthen linkages between hospitals at all levels, and improve the performance of subsidiaries. "It's good for one, it's good for the other, it's good for the other. It's bad for the other, it's bad for the other, it's bad for the other, it's bad for the other, it's bad for the other, it's bad for the other, it's bad for the other, it's bad for the other, it's bad for the other, it's bad for the other, it's bad for the other, it's bad for the other, it's bad for the other.
Business goes along with that: “150,000 people's energy, if they work in one hole, everyone's interests will be gained in one hole. If China is able to hold on to ‘a hole, a hole,’ the next one won't be China.” The management mechanisms built by El-El brought together more than 15,000 Aels, “a hole, a hole,” working together for the dream of the eye kingdom of Ael.
The development of any company is dependent on the hard work of every employee, the motivation to mobilize workers is a very complex task.
First, in terms of wealth demand, El ophthalmology’s per capita annual salary (net of the senior manager’s salary) increased from 2009 to 2017, with cagr reaching 14%, well above the inflation rate, and per capita annual salary after graduation in 2017 has reached $100,000.
The average annual salary of El is still growing. In 2017, the average salary of the new viewers was $95.3 million per annum, while the average wage of Irene Sunshine ophthalmology was $69.9 million per annum, which is lower than that of El ophthalmology per annum.
II. In terms of academic needs, doctors attach great importance to academic research because of its importance to the evaluation of the title. El is not a profit-oriented company, which provides a good academic environment for its staff, actively organizes academic exchanges, invites the best global/domestic experts to share the latest ophthalmological results, inspires the enthusiasm of its staff to explore the academic world, and is committed to contributing to the development of ophthalmological medicine in China and to achieving academic achievements.
The report on business models and competitiveness, in the context of a strong academic learning climate, has shown that El ophthalmological staff have achieved great academic and scientific results and publish papers in international periodicals such as Sci, Medicine and some of China’s core periodicals each year, and that the number of papers published each year is almost 100.
In 2016, 162 papers were published in major core periodicals.Figure 48 EI ophthalmology attaches great importance to the academic climate, the high output of academic dissertations, and, in terms of training needs, EI ophthalmology focuses on the development of staff skills, ongoing training and upgrading of the professional skills of the staff.
In 2014, the company trained more than 400 managers of all types, completed a training programme for 83 doctors from eight sub-specialties and conducted specialized courses and distance training courses for medical personnel for over 22,000 courses.
In 2016, in order to improve the management capacity of the management of the hospitals in the chain, the company conducted leadership and vocational training courses for 58 people, and for 63 people, the training of managers.
At the same time, some employees are able to start their own businesses through equity incentive schemes and partner schemes, and are able to earn a higher return on the job. 1) The majority of the stock options and two restricted stock incentive schemes conducted by companies are allocated to middle managers, core technicians, and business people.
As can be seen, El is increasingly focusing on incentives for basic workers, the percentage of shares awarded to these basic employees, and the number of basic employees receiving incentive schemes. 2) Through partnership schemes, employees are given the opportunity to achieve high returns.
“Partner plan” means a qualified core technical and managerial talent who invests together as partner shareholders with Earl, and when the new hospital reaches a certain level of profitability, the company acquires the partner's share in the hospital at a fair price in order to motivate the employee.
As partners still hold shares, it is not yet possible to calculate the total proceeds directly, but according to information from January 2017 when El was purchasing nine M&A hospitals under the umbrella of the M&A fund, the partner’s plan was translated into a profit on account. El ophthalmology’s announcement announced the partnership’s actual contribution to the acquisition of shares in East China, China, China, China, and Tian El.
The price of a person's enterprise to buy a merger fund in Saihama El, Yang Yille and Kowloon El can be obtained by proportional exchange, which shows that participation in the partnership scheme is well paid for in East China, China, China, China, China, Thailand.
4.2 Remuneration systems and equity incentives provide incentives for management to create more wealth for companies The separation of control and ownership of corporate enterprises and the decisive role of managerial motivation in corporate development. Therefore, how to motivate management to exercise due diligence for corporate development is a central issue in corporate governance.
El ophthalmology links the remuneration of senior managers to the performance of the company to motivate senior managers to make decisions to maximize shareholder benefits, mainly through pay systems and equity incentive mechanisms. 1) The remuneration and performance of senior managers in Earl are closely linked. The remuneration of company directors and supervisors is approved by the company’s board of directors.
The remuneration of senior managers is approved by the board of directors and is based primarily on the company’s business performance and personal performance. Directors, supervisors, and senior managers are paid in accordance with the company’s pay distribution policy, in combination with their business performance, ability to work, job responsibilities, etc.) Equity incentive mechanisms are central to Earl’s efforts to motivate management.
There is a more detailed analysis in the report “Only one, much more than fine - the El ophthalmological chain of philosophies.” El ophthalmology’s current equity incentive program, which includes both equity options and restricted equity incentives, has launched three equity incentive schemes (1 stock options and 2 restricted shares) to date, each giving senior management sufficient leverage.
The share, the cross-cutting cycle, is around five years, so that the personal interests of top managers and the development of the company as a whole can be linked, and business models and competitiveness reports are now working well on these equity incentive schemes, all of which meet the conditions for doing so.
Restricted stock incentive schemes have also achieved the desired results. The equity incentive schemes have been effective. 4.3. Strengthen subsidiary management and drive the performance of affiliates: hierarchical management and partnership schemes, as a result of the absence of a standardized management system at the subsidiaries ' branches, will incur extremely high management costs.
The system strengthens the control and coordination of hospitals at all levels; partnership schemes have been adopted to improve the performance of the hospital networks. Through a regulatory management system and partnership schemes, affiliates and the enterprise as a whole are more closely connected. 4.3.1. The hierarchical management model guarantees a reasonable division of labour and a reasonable allocation of medical resources.
In contrast to the “central city — provincial capital city — local city — district city” in the hospital system, the “group — provincial district — hospital” management model is applied at the management level. In this three-tier management model, the group directly manages the province and controls the key components of hospital operations, such as financial management, procurement of equipment and medicines, and cores.
Management of talent, etc. The provincial and district hospitals are directly managed by the provincial capitals and local hospitals; to achieve the optimal degree and depth of management, district hospitals are managed by the upper territorial hospitals.
The system of delegation of authority is decentralized from top to bottom according to the organizational structure of the company, the group has a higher mandate than the province, and the province has a higher mandate than the hospital.
The process is approved from the bottom to the bottom, by the hospital to the province to the group, and the non-special and differential requirements are not subject to review at the level of the group. The authorization system is regularly revised, with changes in circumstances and management needs to be adjusted in due time to ensure immediate efficiency of management.
Direct intervention, operational guidance, decision-making approval, process monitoring, etc., provides effective control over hospitals in the Bailiwick. The hierarchical management model corresponds to the Al’s hierarchical chain model, which allows for effective risk control, ensures a clear division of power among the various management levels, smooths the group’s operations, and guarantees rapid replication and risk control of the Al’s chain.
Chart 52 Al implements the “group-provincial-hospital” stratification model, II. The El hierarchy management model and the stratification chain model require companies to structure and efficiently allocate medical resources.
As a result of the study, most of the core doctors' resources are located in provincial hospitals. As the two largest hospitals in the two lakes, Wuhan El, Chang Sha ' ail, both have about 30 doctors at the level of deputy director and more than 20 doctors at the level of deputy director at the same time as in the cities with high consumption capacity in the north.
The distribution of doctors, usually no more than 10 doctors at the level of deputy director, is based on the strategic idea of the Al hierarchy, which is conducive to its expansion. 4.3.2. The Partner Scheme has pushed the net interest rate in 11 provincial hospitals from 0.6% to 9%.
El introduced “partnership schemes” to improve the company’s efficiency and profitability. The essence of the “partnership schemes” is that “companies are set up, sing, share resources, share efficiency incentives” that help to retain core talent, stimulate the creativity, motivation and dynamism of the company’s core talent, make the new hospital profitable as soon as possible, develop well, and promote the company’s scale and efficiency.
In practical terms, the Partnership Programme has contributed significantly to the dynamism of the core workforce, and the Provincial Partnership Programme, launched in 2015, targets 14 provincial capitals, including Nanjing El, Hoyo, Taiyuan, Jinan El, Nanchang El, Nan Ningil, Kunming Yill, Tianjin El, Chongqing El McGuire, Shi Jia El and Ningpo El Lum 11 hospitals, which were launched in December 2016.
In 2016, the 11 hospitals had an overall net profit of $12,91.51 million, with a net interest rate of only 0.6 per cent, and in the first half of 2017, the 11 hospitals had a net profit of $69,879,000, with a net profit rate of 9.0 per cent.
As the first company in the ophthalmology industry to have a partnership programme, Earl's practice has been very successful.
Any good enterprise is made from the constant hard work of its founders and its employees, but also from the achievements of the times. The direction determines the firm’s strength and the firmness of its choices with an age-old, age-resilient, and age-resilient industry.
For the Destiny Community, being a pilot, this is the strategy of those who practice the principle of the main course of navigation. China has entered the rapid development of high-end services, and we are convinced that eye medicine is one of the main routes to benefit from the times.
The rich and poor enjoy the right to eye health within the El ophthalmology system. At the same time, he has detailed plans for the development of the enterprise.
The establishment of the Hong Kong subsidiary in 2015 to prepare for overseas deployments, the establishment of the first county hospital in 2015, and the creation of the US fully-funded subsidiary in 2016, have all taken a firm step toward the vision of the eye kingdom. A good understanding of the nature of business, a successful business practice, is to explore its own path and achieve sustainable development.
People who are in love, as well as those who create wealth, are often both capable of doing great things, and they use every effort to move through the cycle and resolve short-term and long-term conflicts in an excellent way. Earl was actively exploring the model of hospital operations in the early days, building up a strong monolithic capacity in old-school hospitals, business models and competitiveness reports.
The ability to build old camps and expand the chain is the best business practice at this stage of specialized hospital chains. The central problem to be addressed by management is that both “power” and “profit” are at stake.
The vision can bring together a group of like-minded people, and the need to bring them together on a long road with a 20-year relationship requires management. Excellent managers can integrate the interests of their clients, employees, shareholders, and society, and combine values with incentives to achieve shared and win.
El ophthalmology has faced two major challenges since it was placed on the market. There is no easy journey, and the warriors on the road need to cut off the thorns of the journey. Looking ahead, we believe that Al needs to be proactive in several areas: optimizing the management of expectations and upholding long-term values.
In the long run, firms’ valuations will be close to their competitiveness, but in the short and medium term, corporate profitability, market profitability, and market preferences are constantly changing, which can trigger market-market fluctuations and even large fluctuations. Firms should actively optimize the management of market expectations, promote long-term value trends, and core competitiveness principles, and be proactive in their development.
As the chain model escalates into a “stratification chain,” the grids sink to the county level, and as the management radius moves from the national to the global level, issues in the development process escalate, correspondingly, business models need to be improved, and management capacity needs to be improved.
The new situation presents new challenges to the operation of the M & As Fund, and the difficulty factor will increase as El is growing, and as the scale of the scale expands in balance and performance increases. The M & A pool established in previous years is the focus of strategic reserves, the significance of future numbers will fade, and quality and type optimization will be the top priority.
In the past, companies had made a “profit” and a “strength” and, after going up, how to upgrade the incentive mechanism to ensure that the team’s hard work from top down was a key task. Raising anxiety awareness and planning future growth.
The book The Limits to Growth states that the end of growth will occur in many ways. Businesses that move from excellence to excellence and high expectations are trying to break their limits with extraordinary efforts.
We believe that new growth points should be planned and nurtured in the post-M&A era. The path to entrepreneurship is not over, and whether there are any challenges ahead can only go further if the original idea of entrepreneurship is maintained forever.
Thematic report on business models and competitiveness