The company published its 2019 annual report, which generated 45.788 billion yuan, an increase of 54.6 per cent over the previous year;
The net profit to the mother was $4.560 billion, an increase of 34.6 per cent in the same year; the net profit after deduction was $3.915 billion, and the output of the power cell system increased significantly, with a steady increase in revenue collection.
The increase in the number of power orders was not affected by the slowdown in the sale of new energy vehicles, with power batteries reaching 40.25gwh, an increase of 90.04%. Overall, the sales revenue for power cell systems was $38,584 million, an increase of 57.38%, or 84.26% of the total revenue, becoming the company’s nuclear.
The power cell taps are strong and market rates are rising steadily. According to ggii data, \triangleright’s domestic market share of power cell loads in 2019 was 54.7%, an increase of 13.4 pct.
Market value of the share in circulationa (billions): The number of vehicles with a new energy catalogue is over 1900, or 41.5%. According to the 2019 Global Lithium ion Powered Battery List released by Sneresearch, it was 32.5gwh in the Ningde era.
Basic data: For the third year in a row, 31 December 2019, the volume of shipments was the highest in the world, accounting for nearly a third of the world’s market share. In addition, Ninder’s generation outperformed competitors in terms of battery system capacity, build capacity, and capacity utilization.
Bottom, the Ninder era has a battery system capacity of 53gwh, with a production capacity of 47.3gwh, with almost full coverage and a wide range of cooperative clients. Foreign partners currently include BMW, Toyota, Dymler, Modern, Jaguar Rover, Popular, Volvo, and Snow Dragon, and will be national in the future.
This July will see an acceleration in technology and a significant increase in capacity. In 2019, 5364 company researchers and researchers were able to develop and develop a new technology.
The total investment was 2,992 million yuan, higher than that of other enterprises in the same industry, an increase of 50.27 per cent, or 6.53 per cent. On the product side, ncm811 has already taken the lead in measuring production; storage cells have completed low lithium power consumption technology, 28th floor of ITC building 69 West Street, Taiwon City.
With the extension of the battery cycle, the output of future research and development will be the guarantee of a steady increase in revenue.
In the main business, under the new crown epidemic, the new energy automobile industry was sold more than a quarter ago \triangleright Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd.
However, the impact of the domestic epidemic is declining, and the sale of new energy vehicles has begun to warm up. At the same time, the number of company orders is still guaranteed, and the start of supply to the national Tesla could bring new growth points to the company.
On the policy front, the new energy vehicle acquisition tax exemption continues, while the 2020 subsidy policy was finalized, with a smaller drop this year, and the subsidy continues into 2022. With regard to stabilizing the new energy vehicle market, the share of domestic sales revenue in the Ninder era is now about 95 per cent, and the international market is the same.
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The person undertakes not to use the information available in his or her identity, location and practice for his or her own personal gain or for that of another person.