The company published its annual report for 2019, generating business income of $45,788 million, an increase of 54.63 per cent.
The net profit of the parent company was $4.56 billion, an increase of 34.64 per cent in the same year, the net profit of the non-repatriated parent company was high, and the scale effect was shown by the rapid growth in the production of power cell operations and the 54.63 per cent increase in the company ' s operating income in 2019.
The power cell system generated 84.27 per cent of revenue, sales increased 92.21 per cent, and output increased 81.63 per cent, which far exceeded the industry average. As the scale of sales grew, the corresponding increase in the cost of after-sale combined services, transport, etc. resulted in a slight increase in sales costs and a small increase in sales rates of 0.05 pct, and a small increase in sales costs.
The cost-cutting rate has declined by 1.37 pct, the company’s cash management has remained efficient, and the financial cost rate has fallen by 0.77 pct. In the face of a significant increase in revenue, the overall cost rate has shown a downward trend, and the scale effect has been further demonstrated, reflecting the company’s good cost-control capacity.
In 2019, China’s new energy automobile industry, with its readjustment of subsidies, higher technical standards and further industry regulation, fell in both production and sales, leading to the first negative growth in industrial development in almost a decade.
In the area of auto-powered lithium batteries, the technological, size, supply chain, customer, etc., has retained a leading edge, gradually releasing capacity, achieving 40.25 gwh, an increase of 90.04% over the previous year, and a further increase in market occupancy of over 50%. According to Sneresearch, the company sold power batteries in 2017, 2018 and 2019.
For the third year in a row, Chang Tiannan kept his technological edge and kept up with the market.
In terms of product technology, the company’s tri-dollar lithium battery ncm811 was produced in 2019, with cost per unit capacity rising by 12% and 19% from the tri-dollar lithium battery 622 and 533 respectively, with significant technological advantages. It also benefited from the introduction of the national production of Teslamodel3, the recovery of the phosphate lithium battery industry, and the firm’s close to the phosphate lithium.
The company Defonami works closely and co-finances joint production bases, and strong alliances will further consolidate the market: on the other hand, the new generation of ctp technologies used by companies to compress battery volume has also started to land on priority customers. With core technology in key areas of the industry chain, such as battery materials, battery systems, battery recycling, etc.
In addition to its strengths and sustainable research and development capabilities, the company has developed a comprehensive and well-developed system of production services with a potential to grow up at the speed of production capacity, with a wide range of businesses operating at 28 West and West Side Peace Rixie Avenue.
For power cells, the current capacity of the company ' s battery system is 53.00gwh, and the building capacity is 22.20gwh. On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Centre, the Lithium ion ion cell expansion project is expanding the European production research and development base and is expanding in Sichuan province.
In terms of storage systems, 2019 sales revenue is $610 million, and the 100mwh class has been used in Fukugi Jinjiang, which is an increase of 221.95 per cent over the previous year.
On the 11th floor, 200120, the pre-storage market layout and diffusion began to yield results, and as the cost of lithium batteries continues to decline, they move closer to the economic entry point for the application of the storage system, with great potential for future development of the storage market.
In Fukuda, Fukuda Fukuwa, the company has increased its investment in lithium battery material recovery and production, and started investment in positive materials estates in Ning Dfortung. As the production capacity continues to fall and becomes operational, the company will be able to make a difference.
China's Sichuan Free Trade Experiment continues to be a leader in the industry.
The method, using legally compliant information, is to present the report independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, is not, and will not be, the same.
The company does not view the recipient as a customer for the purpose of receiving this report, it does not have a direct business relationship with the company, and it does not have proper responsibilities. This report is a confidential material of the company, for example, until it is publicly disclosed or agreed to by the company.
The report is based on information that the company considers to be reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.