The Ningde era (300,750) performance forecast points, the higher share + the higher share + the higher share + the higher share + the higher share + the higher the volume + the better the industry.
Intra-electric vehicles produced 108,000 vehicles, or 59% of the same year; of those, 2.9gwh was installed in 1-February; we expect the q1 industry to be installed around 5.4gwh, a 55% decline in the same year. And the January-February load of the Ningde era was about 3gwh, a 45% decline in the same year.
The brand contributed 0.4gwh in January-February, and q1 is expected to have 0.7gwh. So we judge that the global load of 3.7-4gwh in the first quarter of the Ninder era was 30 per cent lower than in the same year; the actual output is expected to exceed 5gwh.
Domestic demand is expected to warm back when the 2 policy is in place, and Ningde’s share is solid: we expect domestic sales to resume on a month-to-month basis in April, and the industry will be clearer when the policy is in place. With optimism, more than one vehicle is expected to match the industry’s power cell demand with about 80gwhh, an increase of 30% this year.
The bulk of the cars are predominantly joint ventures and Tesla, where the joint ventures were supplied by the Ningde era, where the Tslanin Germany era was awarded a supply contract, so we expect the domestic share of the Ningd era to remain constant this year, where the Tesla order was clearly obtained, and where Tesla is expected to accompany the national product for the next six months. The Ningd era is clearly on its way.
Let's say the top income rises bright, the tip goes into Tesla's supply chain, Tesla Battery Day is expected to release a specific plan, and we expect to overuse it to impact profitability levels in the second half of the year.
The package is expected to start with the Teslam3 low-scaling version, which is expected to increase significantly over the 21-year period. Meanwhile, the Trinity version is still expected to work together in the synchronized validation of other schemes.
The Shanghai factory is well under way, with a domestic sales volume of 16.7 million units in 20q1 Tesla, with 14.5 per cent of the city, and a fixed increase in the number of lithium-coded images. Of these, 102,000 units were sold in March, an increase of 161 per cent in the ring ratio; and 150,000 are expected to be sold throughout the year.
The power cell needs are about 10 gwh, and we're sure that if we succeed this year's Ningde, we'll be able to get a portion of the 3nd, the "Ningen Times" (300,750) rating: confirmation of supply Tesla, we're ahead of schedule.
The domestic share has been increased by the same amount + overseas, and the Ningde-era loads are better than the industry. In January-March, there were 108,000 electric vehicles in the country, the same amount as 59%; in January-February, there was 2.9gwh; we expected the q1 industry to load 5.4gwh left, a 45% drop in domestic load of about 3gwhh in a quarter.
In the Ninder era, the brand contributed 0.4gwh in January-February, with an expected q1 load of 0.7gwh. So we're judging that the global load of 3.7-4gwh in the Ningde quarter fell by 30 per cent compared to the same period; and the actual volume of delivery is expected to exceed figure 2: quarterly loads in the Ningde era - domestic (gwh)
Figure 4: The January-February client structure of the Ningde era q2 policy is expected to warm back in domestic demand, and Ningde’s flagship share is solid: we expect domestic sales to recover month after April, and industry will become clearer when the policy is down.
The bulk of the vehicles are predominantly joint ventures and Tesla, where the joint ventures were supplied by the Ningde era, where supply contracts were obtained, so we expect the domestic share of the Ningde era to remain at more than 50% this year, with a strong leader position. Figure 6: Domestic electric vehicle sales forecasts and Ningde share projections (vehicles)
Tesla's orders have been clearly obtained, and Tesla's share of the national product is expected to accelerate. The Ninder era is clearly in the Tesla supply chain, Tesla Battery Day is expected to release concrete plans, and we expect to launch the Teslam3 low-duration package from mid- to second half of the year, which is expected to increase significantly in 21 years.
The three-dollar version is still promising cooperation. The Tsla Shanghai factory is well under way, with a domestic sales of 16.7 million units in 20q1 Tesla, with 14.5 per cent in the city, of which 10.2 million were sold in March, an increase of 161 per cent in the ring; 150,000 are expected to be sold throughout the year, with about 10gwh of power and battery demand, and we judge that a share in the Ningde era is likely to be achieved if it succeeds this year.
Overseas orders are expected to recover gradually in June, and we expect 3-4gwh of overseas power cell output throughout the year. Europe’s car factories have stopped production since late March, and now popular Spanish factories have announced that production will resume by the end of April, and we expect other cars to return to the month of May.
As the epidemic subsides, we expect a gradual recovery of European electric vehicle demand in June, and a gradual recovery of Ninder’s overseas orders. The company is now the main supplier of psa, with a single-month power cell demand of nearly 0.3gwhh, with an accelerated trend in the second half of the year, and we expect to export overseas in 20 years.
The volume is expected to reach 3-4gwh, starting to be released on a large scale. With the introduction of a German plant in 21 years, the share of the overseas market will be an absolute source of domestic lithium power, with a clear technological, cost, and customer resource advantage of 21 years 50 times greater, with a target price of 169 dollars, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board