The performance is in line with the expected expansion of the global lithium tap — the annual review of the Ninder era (300,750.sz) — the company released its annual report on April 25, 2020, with a revenue of $45,788 million in 2019, a year-on-year increase.
Cao Xuant, new production energy released and power cell sales increased significantly. During the reporting period, the power cell system business achieved sales revenue of $38,584 million, an increase of 57.38 per cent, and power cell sales of 41.25gwh, a comparison of the same amount.
The ratio of shipments to the two technical routes of Lithium is about 2:1 and the share of domestic municipalities is more than 50% in both technical routes. As a result of the fall in the price of power batteries, the rate of power cell Maori has fallen to 28.45%, as a result of the above.
There is a broad global market, with a strong lithium battery tap. The company’s client base is extensive, and the country collaborates with high-quality automobile companies such as upper gas, Jili, Woo-tung, North gas, Hiroshima, Urana, etc., in 2019.
There are more than 4,600 vehicles in the new energy vehicle catalogue, of which more than 1900 vehicles, or about 41.5%, are equipped with company power cells. There is a deepening penetration of the European (public, BMW, Daimler, etc.), Japanese and Korean (Toyota, Modern, etc.) markets abroad.
In February 2020, the company’s official officials announced that they would work with Tesla to open overseas markets. Increased investment in capacity-building and deepening long-term development strategies.
53gwh, in the construction of 22gw, power cell system production of 47.26gwh was completed during the reporting period, with an output rate of 89.17%, and the company was almost fully productive, taking into account the new productivity slopes. In February 2020, the company issued an announcement to raise $20 billion to build four power and storage battery lines, with a total additional capacity.
52gwh, with no more than 10 billion self-financed projects to build lithium in Ninder Bay, will be completed by 2021-2023, and investments in European production research and development sites will be scaled up. In addition to their own powered battery lines, the Ninder era has a powered-up joint venture with car brands such as Gili, one gas, upper gas, wide-bang, etc.
The power density of the core +ctp module is integrated into the platform's two-channel mitigation efficiency. The three-digit technology route is constantly uplifting, the nickel ratio is leading industry in the production of ncm 811-system products, and the company is currently producing core energy secrets.
Up to 240 wh/kg, with a multiplier performance of up to 2c charge, 4c discharge, product circulation, 6,000 life cycles. New energy vehicles fall off the slope, lithium battery prices are held, ctp technology can be used to create a group efficiency that offsets the low energy density of the lithium phosphate cell, and it is raised to 160wh/kq, which is continued.
Lithium Console status 2020-02-27,400km, which meets the requirements of the Standard Model3&y version of the Tesla National Product.
The sales revenue was $610 million, an increase of 221.95 per cent, the Māori rate of 37.87 per cent, an increase of 18.9 pct, and the Fujian Jinjiang I energy storage power station pilot (30mw/108mwh) was connected to the network early in the year. The company continued to increase its investment in the storage energy market, including $2 billion in the targeted increase announcement issued in February 2020.
The research and development project on the technological reserve of the electric chemical storage energy front, which accounts for 10 per cent of this mobilization, has invested a total of $3 billion for 60 months of the project cycle.
The scale of investment in capacity-building and technology research and development, as the degree of global electricization increases and the capacity of companies expands, the research assistant provides a brief overview of three years of work in the energy industry, and has been involved in the construction of several nuclear, thermal, hydrocarbon, and new energy projects. There is a deep understanding of the entire industry chain in the energy sector, and the cost of electricity projects is high.
There is considerable experience in the fields of analysis, industrial policy research, etc.., where he was employed in East Hing securities and joined the Port of Shin securities in 2019. Neither has he been, nor will he be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Any investment decision made by an investor on the basis of a bid or bid is not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.