Fulvert published his annual report for 2022 and realized business income in 2022.
zhanghan3@cfsc.com.cn iuodx@cfsc.com.cn increases in sales and makes a profit.
Of this amount, photovoltaic glass generated revenues of 13.682 billion yuan, representing an increase of 92.12 per cent in the same year, an increase of 88 per cent, and a significant increase in sales volume of between 92.58 per cent and 510 million square metres in the same year. However, due to pure alkaline, high gas costs and glazing glass last year.
Prices have fallen, and the large increase in sales has not led to a significant increase in net corporate profits. In 2022, the company achieved a net return profit of 2,123 million yuan, which was equal to the increase.
Over 50% of the total, and profit-making, the big difference between the two- and-three-line companies. Meanwhile, the public sector has high-quality and stable customer resources, with the top five clients selling more than 50%, and has a long list with the Lungi, Crystal, Crystal, etc.
1- Fireflies* Report by Volatile *Frent. Currently, some of the windy base projects in the country have been initiated, and support of photovoltaic components requires a company incident rating (601865): Increased costs
In parallel, the market demand for the two-bond components has increased, with last year's 2 mm front plate glass taking up four quarters of performance pressure, company capacity plus 39.7 per cent, and future glazing will continue to be lightly quantified and thinner.
*20220325*Expanding *20220325*. So it's expected to warm with downstream photo-voltage demand + double-bond penetration in 2023, Chinese Securities - Corporate Report - Corporate Dynamics
The supply and demand of photovoltaic glass continues to improve or will be repaired, together with the glass manufacturer's study - Fullet - 601865 - industry patterns Low profits, rising psychological positive, and the potential for return of photovoltaic glass profitability.
Optimization, a high degree of certainty about the long-term growth - Fu Hung Ho, production capacity plus code for the kiln and increased self-sufficiency of the rock-and-grain sand upstream of the layout
Tons of optical glass kilns, with a total increase of 7800 tons of light glass melting per day, with a total production capacity of 19,400 tons per day by the end of 2022. Currently, four phases of the company's Emblem Production Base project are under construction, with a planned start-up in 2023 and a public launch in 2023.
In addition, last year, the company completed the acquisition of high-quality quartz and alluvial deposits in the Trio and Dahua mining industries, with two of them totalling 2.4 million tons.
The new 13th section, the right to mine glass-based quarries, and the further deployment of the upstream sources of rock-and-sales in the context of the current stringent domestic mining rights control and high cost of raw materials
Expecting to maintain a competitive advantage over the long term, photovoltaics do not meet the expected risks; industry competition increases the risks; upstream raw material price volatility risks; and large-scale systemic risks.
Zhang Chai: Head of the Electrical Equipment Unit, Master of Financial Sciences, Bachelor of Science, University of Nakayama, four years of experience in the securities industry, focusing on the fields of photovoltaics, wind power, storage energy.
Industry research experience, covering photovoltaic and storage energy, Rodito: Master ' s degree in energy and power engineering and finance from the European School of Higher Business, Xian Transport University, in the direction of new energy sources.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.