The profit phase is under pressure, the productive capacity is steadily expanding, the output growth is driven by higher revenue growth, the Māori rate is under pressure, and the costs are well regulated. Re-releases from the new production capacity, with the company selling 510 million square metres of light glass in 22 years, compared to 92,58%, and the output is driven by higher prices.
In terms of Māori rates, the overall Māori rate for the company was 22.07% in 22 years, compared to 13.43 ptt, of which 23.31% for photovoltaic glass and -12.39 ptt, mainly due to low supply and demand in the industry, resulting in lower average sales prices for glass and a sharp increase in the cost of raw materials and energy, reducing corporate profitability.
Dom Young-kang Space. In terms of cost rates, corporate costs are well regulated. The scale effect drives the cost rate down.
On the demand side, the price of silicon falls.
\triangleright aims to stimulate the high demand for downstream loadings, and the domestic centralized power station start-up has led to an increase in the bipolar penetration rate.
Pulling glass demand; on the supply side, 22 years of profit in the light glass industry hovered at the bottom, with some small and medium-sized enterprises s010522120001 with insufficient extension power and, under the system of hearings, leading producers having a higher pass rate for new production.
Small business expansion is more limited, the overall expansion of capacity slows, the supply and demand patterns are expected to improve, and the price of glass is expected to rise steadily. At the cost end, the price of pure alkali is expected to decline as the raw materials become productive.
In general, the company’s profitability is expected to pick up in 23 years, its capacity continues to expand and its leadership is strong. The company’s photovoltaic glass production is currently about 20,600 t/d, and the company plans to complete the production of four 1,200 t/d kilns in Anhui Fengyang in 23 years; in addition, the company intends to build four kilns in Jiang Sonam Tong.
At the end of the year, the company’s nominal capacity will reach 25,400t/d or more. The company’s capacity has expanded rapidly, securing a photovoltaic glass.
Empirical release, profit repair period - 2022/10/30. Frett (601865.sh) 2021 Annual Report: 21q4 short pressure on performance, extension + up integration
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.