New hope: three major blocks of performance, shareholder subscriptions, confidence, company annual report 2019, 82,051 million dollars in 2019.
18.80 per cent long; net return to the mother was 5,042 million, an increase of 195.7 per cent. (Incl. 4 billion yuan) Investing in pig farming projects and replenishment of corporate capital, of which 3.2 billion yuan was spent on pig farming projects and 800 million yuan was replenished.
Companies issue public renewable corporate bond programmes, with bonds of up to $10 billion (including $10 billion), and the proposed issuance of the first bond of up to $3 billion (including 1, pig farming) has become an important driver of the growth in corporate performance.
Total market value/flow (millions of yuan)/kg, full cost of self-sufficiency $13/kg, with the company ' s overall farm costs decreasing as the proportion of future outsourcing gradually falls.
A net gain of about $1.5 billion, with a profit of $422 for each of them. Capital asset construction: By the end of 2019, the company had invested 10 million in operational projects, 6.5 million in construction, and another project had completed land contracts or reserves
With over 43.5 million capacity, the theoretical maximum capacity of over 60 million, fixed stock of pigs in companies: 384.26 per cent more productive biological assets in late 2019, rapid growth in the number of pigs and a larger proportion of binary pigs in companies have ensured high productivity.
In terms of financial reserves: the company currently has a combined amount of more than $60 billion, debt: this non-public issue of stocks and renewable corporate bonds will provide continuity in the expansion of the company
In 2019, the company sold 187.2 million tons of fodder, an increase of 9.9 per cent over the same period, with a 9.5 per cent decline in pig sales, a 21.2 per cent increase in poultry sales and an 11.3 per cent increase in aquaculture sales.
In 2019, corporate chicken/duck sales increased by 9.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis; commodity-based chicken/duck sales increased by 24.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis; slaughters increased by 4.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis; poultry sales by 18.11 million tons, with a projected net return of around 1.1 billion to the company.
3. The company’s current non-public issue is intended for the company’s New Hope Group and the South’s Control Business Group, and for the company’s first and second largest shareholders.
We expect the growth of pig production to continue slowly in 2020, and the prices of pork and chicken remain at the ps (based on the total stock ceiling after the release) respectively.
1. Risk of a major outbreak: large-scale diseases such as non-continental pigpest or avian flu occur during livestock farming, leading to the death of animals and a greater negative impact on the consumption mentality of the population at large, leading to shrinking market demand, thus affecting the productivity of industry and related enterprises
2. Prices are not as high as expected: there is a significant decline or increase in animal meat prices below the increase in costs, affecting the profitability of industries and related companies, and there is a risk that future performance will not be sustained or even reduced.
3 Risk of price volatility of raw materials: The production and prices of the main raw materials used by companies to produce and operate and agricultural products are more affected by uncontrollable factors such as weather and market conditions.
4/ The start and start of slaughterhouses after the outbreak of the new crown disease is not as high as expected, and the price of pigs is much higher than expected. Xiaodong Xiaodong Xiaodong: In 2008, he joined the Pacific Stock Exchange to study the agro-forestry and fishing industry.
Wang Yanjun: Master ' s degree from the People ' s University of China, joined the Pacific Stock Exchange in 2018 for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries industry.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold the position of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
These companies provide or seek to provide investment banking services.