The company published a quarterly report for the year 2020, which generated $20,568 million a quarter.
This represents an increase of 26.87 per cent over the same period, and a net gain of 1.627 billion yuan over the same period, an increase of 144.13 per cent.1 The pig-breeding business has become an important driving force in the growth of corporate performance.
The profit is $670 million, with an average profit of about $814. The cost of self-fertilization is low, and the profit is expected to be over $2,000. The profit is partly due to the high cost of the pig. The profit is around $800.
Fixed assets construction: at the end of the quarter, the firm ' s fixed assets were $15,821 million, and the ring total market value/flow (millions) provided the basis for a significant increase in the company ' s presence throughout the year.
New Hope: Three major plates are growing at a rapid rate, with an annual increase of 55.43 per cent, a rapid increase in the number of pigs and a larger proportion of the dual species of the company.
2. Forage operations continue to warm, and the avian plate has been affected by the epidemic q1. The optimized structure and downside efficiency of company feed products in 2019 resulted in a 10-year high of 8.10% for the company as a whole. 2020q1 forage sales as downstream farming recovered.
Reheating, feed plate profits are expected to increase year-on-year. One quarter, affected by the new coronary pneumonia, the white feather poultry industry has suffered more, 2020q1 is expected to contribute $180 million to the avian plate, and 290 million to the avian plate, which is expected to be lost year-on-year.
Following a gradual recovery in the white feather poultry industry, and a year-long shortage of pig supplies, the price of poultry has probably remained high throughout the year, and the poultice has continued to be profitable. We expect a slow recovery of pig production in 2020, with pork and chicken prices still in place.
Eps (based on the total equity ceiling after unpublished distribution) are 1 for critical outbreak risk: large-scale diseases such as non-continental pigpest or avian flu occur during livestock farming, resulting in the death of animals and a higher level of consumption among the population at large.
Large negative effects, resulting in a contraction of market demand, impacting on industry and related firms' gains, prices and expected risks: significant declines or increases in animal meat prices below cost increases, impact on the profitability of industries and related companies, and there is a future.
The risk of continued growth or even decline in performance.3 The risk of price volatility of raw materials: the production and prices of major raw materials and agricultural products used by companies to produce and operate are more affected by uncontrollable factors such as weather, market conditions, etc.
If the price of the main raw materials fluctuates significantly in the future, it will affect the profits of the industry and the companies involved, the start of the slaughterhouse after the new crown outbreak and the start rate below expectations, and the prices of pigs will be significantly affected and consumption below expectations.
Xiaodong Xiaodong Xing: Joined the Pacific Stock Exchange in 2008 for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries sector. The main areas of study are livestock breeding, aquaculture, seeds, fodder, etc. Wang Yanjun: Master’s degree from the Chinese People’s University, joined the Pacific Stock Exchange in 2018 for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries sector.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Inc. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and operates securities licence No. 1348000. The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute an offer or request for quotations on the said securities.
Responsible. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies. The copyright in this report belongs to Pacific Securities Inc., unwritten.