Profitability continues to increase, and the expansion of the class is expected to result in a semi-annual 2018 report by the seafood industry. In the first half of 2018, the company achieved operating income of $820 million, an increase of 17.24 per cent, and a net return of $2,248 million, an increase of the same amount.
(i) The two-quarters first-quarter performance has been maintained at a better pace, while the company's sales have been seasonal, but the rate of increase has remained steady. The figures for the first and second-quarters show that the company earns $4.694 billion and $4.026 billion, respectively, in the first and second-quarters.
Billion dollars, or 23.11,352% of the increase in the same period; net profits from deduction of non-repatriation are still higher than in the second quarter, depending on the seasonality of the company’s products, and spring seasons have a greater impact on sales. But income growth is relatively smooth in the first quarter.
This indicates that the company ' s sales management capacity is strong and that, although the net return profit rate for the first and second quarters is closer, the net non-repatriation profit for the second quarter is higher than the net gain for the first quarter. (ii) Promising profitability continues to increase steadily.
Corporate sales and management rates have changed little over the same period last year, with a slight increase, with continued growth, with net interest rates showing a certain seasonality, but a steady overall upward trend. (iii) The potential for expansion of the product category is substantial.
The company is the world's largest producer and sales company in the spice industry, with a large product variety, covering such spices as soy sauce, oil consumption, sauce, vinegar, chicken sperm, spice, wine, among which soy sauce, oil consumption and sauce are the most important products of the company today, with a share of revenue in the first half of 2018.
At the same time, there has been increased investment in product structure and capacity planning, and future performance growth is expected after product-class expansion and output release. Research and development of new products do not meet the expected risks: food security risks: macroeconomic and policy risks.
Figure 1: Changes in sales and management costs of companies in the single quarter of 2017 to date Figure 3: Growth, profitability and operating capacity indicators (biannual) Figure 4: Growth, profitability and operating capacity indicators (annual)