Investment rating: buying (maintaining) the mid-year net profit from the seafood industry increased by 23.30 per cent over the same period in 2018.
Billions of dollars, a 17.24 per cent increase over the same period; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies, $2.248 billion, a year-on-year increase in efficiency of operations Māori and a sustained recovery in net profits
The Division continued to promote product upgrading, leading to a steady increase in the number of products such as soy sauce and oil consumption through initiatives such as crop cultivation through channels, brand promotion and management for excellence, an overall increase of 1.42 pct to 47.11 per cent over the end of 17 years, and continued to increase branding during the reporting period, with Seaday brands continuing to infiltrate the younger generation and long-term for the company.
Development provides the basis for continuous promotion of marketing networks, stabilization of distributors’ business and product structures, and acceleration of the construction of electrical platforms to consolidate corporate channel advantages. Sales costs such as channel construction, brand promotion, etc., increase by 0.36 ptt. The management systems such as supply chain management, production line management, etc. are closely linked, improve operating efficiency, pay, etc.
The rise and the increase in R & D investment have led to a small increase in the management rate of 0.37 pct. The corporate net interest rate has recovered.
In the second quarter, the company grew steadily, the advance payments remained stable compared to the end of the quarter, the company was expected to take steady steps in the second half of the year, and the five-year plan was successfully achieved as a approximate event. As an absolute leader in the appetizer industry, especially in the soy sauce industry, the company ' s products were more sticky, and its marketing fees were high.
The recovery in the use of relatively large and downstream catering channels has helped companies to expand their competitive advantages. The company canals have a wide network layout, which is extensive, deep, highly permeable, and continues to sink in weak areas.
Open Source Securities Inc. has a strong level of recognition. Company channels keep up with consumer upgrading, develop consumer goods, enrich product systems, and strengthen the branding of young people who have changed their consumption age by means of popular philosophies.
Urban Gate B, 5th floor, enhances brand penetration of major products. Although the sea has the highest market share in the country, overall, domestic market concentration remains low, and even in the stock market, it can rise through products.
Competitiveness, such as grade and product expansion, continues to expand market share. Companies have already begun to diversify their strategic layout, and extended expansion, adding to the powerful channel capacity of the sea, will further consolidate the position of corporate conservatious giants.
Figure 1: The history of the seafood industrype Figure 2: The history of the seafood industrypb.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, direct or indirect disclosure of company-related information as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
(a) In the six-month period following the reporting date, the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index was defined as follows:
Underweight: Industry is weaker than overall market performance.