Daily consumption of foods, beverages and tobacco is reported in the seafood industry: high performance is steady and profitability continues to improve
The company announced in mid-2018 that during the reporting period, it had achieved revenue of $8,722 billion, representing a net gain of $2,151 million, or 21.51 per cent, and that operating cash flows had increased by the same amount of $4,753 per cent to $1,490 million, of which $8,467 million had been generated by the main battalion, representing a sales rate of 48.17 per cent and an increase of 1.99 pt over the same period.
In the second quarter alone, the company collected $4.026 billion, an increase of 17.48 per cent; the mother's net gain was $1,045 million, income continued to grow at a high rate, receipts, inventories, etc., certified sales were good, expected to be higher than expected throughout the year, and high growth in one quarter benefited from the “calendar effect” of Spring Day, with high growth in the second quarter.
The total market value/flow (million yuan) is higher in quality, further validating the trend towards good sales. According to the production business plan, the company basically uses “volume of sales + reasonable stock” for production production.
Keeping high, with an increase of $245 million over the same period last year, the vast majority of which was ordered by distributors, the seafood industry (603288), a quarterly call for money; and the inventory of $613 million, a decrease of $93 million over the same period last year.
Q: The return to high growth in sales and the opening of the door for performance shows that the volume and demand of companies are currently outpacing production, supply and demand structures are tight, and sales are good.
Corporate income is well achieved in the first half of the year, laying a good foundation for the year. The year-round performance guide.
The seafood industry (603288), " Seafood industry in 2017: overperformance, rising prices " , Māori rates continue to be innovative, profitable, cost-effective and the moat has widened.
In the second quarter alone, the company as a whole continued to record a record high Māori sales rate of 47.59%. Of this, Māori sales in the main business are expected to be higher. After 2016q4, the company increased Māori rates for six consecutive quarters, benefiting more from the competitive patterns of “extra-high” industries over the past year.
Pricing rights, Māori rates continue to rise this year, with product structures rising mainly as a result, especially the rising share of high-end sauce, and production cost control and efficiency, followed by the current pattern of small businesses in large industries, where there is a huge room for convergence.
At the cost-expenditure level, the company ' s sales costs increased by 20.44 per cent, administrative costs increased by 28.79 per cent and the cost rate slightly increased.
As a result, the amount of advertising contracts signed in April/April of this year decreased compared to the same period last year; while, as the scale of production sales expanded, the labour cost ratio was expected to decrease, the sales cost rate was expected to decrease steadily in the future. The management cost for the second quarter alone was 4.76%, with the ring/same ratio.
In the first half of the year, the overall cost of R & D increased by 36.50%, much more than the income increase. The company disclosed that, in order to ensure the growing objective of annual sales, it was strengthening its autonomy and accelerating marketing transformation, and that managers and costs were justifiably raised; and R & D.
The increase in costs will help to safeguard product strength, improve product mix, and meet the requirements of long-term development. We believe that this will be accompanied by a gradual increase in the scale of production sales, a better product structure, and a sustained improvement in management capacity, a higher competitiveness of companies, and a gradual expansion of the moat.
A balanced development of the channel class, a steady increase in market share, a return from the embrace of productive capacity over the next five years, strong marketing networks and high-quality products are the firm’s continued big and strong guarantee. Currently, the company’s network coverage is growing in double digits, while accelerating penetration at the county level, at the township level, and at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the district level.
Rapidly and well developed; in terms of product categories, soy sauce and oil consumption are ahead of schedule, and the share of high-end soy sauce continues to rise, in line with rising consumption trends and in line with deep-farming strategies. Channel types develop in a balanced manner, contributing to a sustained increase in market shares, and there is still significant scope for the future.
In the next five years, the gradual release of new production will set the tone for long-term steady growth. The seafood industry, thanks to growing brands, channels, products, and sizes, is expanding the moat.
Profitability and net interest rates continue to rise. We judge that, in the context of the boost in concentration and the strengthening of the company’s production-business-management capacity, there is room for an increase in the company’s Māori sales rate, a steady medium-to-performance rate and a guaranteed performance. This year’s target is likely to be exceeded.
In view of the stability of the company’s continued growth, the price premium on its flagship valuation, and the long-term preference for funding, the seafood industry has been rated as showing a steady increase in performance and a sustained increase in profitability.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.