The seafood industry has reported a steady increase in profit margins, and the dominant scale effect highlights Wang Yongjian (Research Assistant)
Both Māori rates and net interest rates are record highs and continue to promote the development of distribution channels: the company ' s Māori rate was 47.1 per cent in the first half of the year, with a 25.8 per cent net interest rate, which was historically high, benefiting from the fall in cost-side spending of the company on the one hand, and, on the other hand, the impact of scale on the company ' s efficiency fee reduction on the other. The market for the company ' s main raw material, soy beans, was remarkable in the first half of the year.
Prices continue to fall, leading to lower corporate cost spending, and cost increases in the first half of the year have been lower than income gains. Corporate liquidity management has improved as a result of higher corporate and exchange earnings; it is worth noting that corporate marketing costs have increased in the first half of the year, mainly because companies are still further managing their distribution channels and stabilizing.
The consumer + catering market is growing, and companies benefit from both ends: the consumer end is the consumer end of the country’s per capita consumption of spices.
Rising, but still far below the world average; on the one hand, consumers are less sensitive to prices, intra-industry products still have room for price increases, on the other hand, consumer demand for healthy diets, green diets increases their consumption of powery sauce, high-end sauce oil, and companies use economically beneficial mass products to lead consumption up.
At the end of the catering market, the country's income in the first half of the year was close to $2 trillion, a 10 per cent increase in the same year, and its growth in the distribution of various forms of catering, such as chaining, take-out, etc., contributed to the growth of the catering industry and contributed to a steady increase in the company's income at the end of the restaurant.
The Jiangsu plant has been successfully launched, and the technology industry has entered a new phase of growth: the company currently has a total capacity of over 2 million tons, and its capacity utilization has remained at a high level, with a similar ratio being achieved.
The company proposes a five-year development strategy for “technology development”, where both the company's R & D personnel and R & D costs are at the top of the industry, with more than 400 million R & D investments in 2017, 356 patents, including the industry's leading inventions, and the future with technology.
The ongoing implementation of the entrepreneurship strategy has made the company ' s products more competitive and has led to the construction of modern plants, which are expected to reduce costs, increase production efficiency and move the company into a new phase of growth.