A steady growth in performance, with a semi-annual financial review of the seafood industry (603288).
The seafood industry released its 2018-centenary annual report, which generated business income of $8.72 billion, an increase of 17.24 per cent, a net gain of $2.25 billion for the mother, an increase of 23.30 per cent, an increase of $4.02 billion, an increase of 17.48 per cent, and a net gain of $1.05 billion for the mother, an increase of 23.52 per cent.
Income profits have grown steadily, and the two-fifth plan has taken office with confidence. 2018h1 companies have achieved operating income of $8.72 billion, an increase of 17.24 per cent over the previous year; net return of $2.25 billion, an increase of 23.30 per cent over the same period, and a steady increase in earnings has resulted from the continued optimization of the product structure of one company, including the upgrading of the product structure and the expansion of the product category. The lower structure of the high school of soy sauce has been changed from 1:6:3 to 3:6.
Increased capacity; continued release of 2 production capacity, with 2.5 million tons at the end of 2017, 1 million tons at the end of the year and 1 million tons at the end of the year, at the end of the year, at the end of the year, at the end of the year, 96 per cent of local and 50 per cent at the end of the year, at the end of the year, at the end of the year, at the end of the year, 96 per cent of the local market and at the end of the year, at the end of the year, at the end of the year, at 70 per cent.
Afterward expansion. 2018 is the year in which the company expects to earn 16,918 million dollars in business, with net profits of $4,239 million, and the goal of remaking the sea sky proposed in 2013 is expected to be successfully achieved.
The “week order” system, based on its wide range of channels and its stronger control of upstream and downstream, is significantly superior to that of its peers. It selects 1 receivable/total asset for downstream indicators at 0.12 per cent, which is better than 2.13 per cent, 1.57 per cent and 2.85 per cent of the torch, and takes the advance/total asset at 0.11 per cent, which is better than 0.20 per cent, 1.57 per cent and 2.85 per cent of the torch.
The bargaining power of the cruise continues to grow, with a 0.18 pt and 38.78 pt increase in the turnover of accounts payable by 2018q2 compared to advances and a 0.35 pt decrease in the turnover of accounts received in advance compared to the previous period. - The Māori net interest rate is both innovative and significant in size. The Māori rate of sales of 2018h1 was 47.11 per cent, an increase of 2.22 pt, a net gain on sales.
\triangleright \triangleright ' s new highs are due mainly to the continued increase in the Maori rate, which has continued to increase on a quarterly basis since 2016q4, and to benefit mainly from the industry, in addition to higher prices for products after cost increases, higher mid-end share increases after product structure upgrades and improved productivity efficiency through product line re-engineering
The benefits of scale, production has exceeded the profit-and-loss balance point, and marginal costs have been reduced. The concentration of the industry has increased its advantages, looking at the “inner-plus” path to steady sea weather development.
Far below 75 per cent in Japan, industry concentration will continue to rise, mainly as a result of increased consumer brand awareness, low unit prices for spices and low consumer elasticity, benefiting strong brand enterprises as the demand for food health and safety increases;2 the cost of raw materials rises, soybeans, white sugar and wraps are the main raw materials, accounting for more than 60 per cent of the total cost, the price of agricultural products fluctuates and the price of the package continues to rise.
Under these three factors, small and medium-sized producers are being phased out. The current market share is only about 15 per cent, below 37 per cent of Japan's soybean turtles, and will continue to rise as the production channels of the company's products, referred to in the first point, are being optimized and the market's share will continue to rise through the “inner + outlier” formula.
With 2.5 million tons of productive capacity and an unreleased 1 million tons of productive capacity and a powerful marketing channel, we are pursuing a monolithic strategy.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: A combination of competitive advantages in management, increased city occupancy rates, and higher barriers to competition have made it possible for companies to continue to run at a sustained rate of growth in the future Food safety risks, risks from fluctuations in raw materials and less than expected catering rates
Table 1: Corporate Profit Forecasts, Eastern Fund, Tedarhonley Fund. M.A. holds a first degree in finance from the University of Duren, England, and a second degree in undergraduate studies from Beijing University of Aeronautics and Space.
China Agricultural University-California University, Berkeley, jointly trains a doctoral degree in agricultural economic management.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.