The remix and outlook for the global car glass taps are now high. The domestic car industry has passed out of dividends and is now entering low growth rates.
During the phase of transformation, there was a certain excess of fuel/new energy capacity, increased competition, and a volatile pattern of two-and-three-line cars. In the process of accelerating the process of clearing out the car’s parts and components, the growth logic of a single, large customer, which had evolved in the past, gradually faded into a search for global competitiveness and stable competition patterns.
The spare parts of the s098051908002 have a certain value premium on performance. In addition, seaboarding has become the core way out of the current domestic milieu, and glazing glass has set a global model for seaboarding.
This paper analyses the long-term investment value of the glazing glass, which is a big space, a high barrier track, and a heavy asset, heavy manpower, and a long process that is industry-specific.
The glass has natural high barrier properties, ranging from silicon sand mining to floating, to carbs, with industrial processes long, heavy assets and heavy human attributes. The glass also takes over a third of the surface, surrounding the crew, and has a natural intelligent space. The pre-industrial upgrade revolves around front-hudization, roof-spanning, and medium-term perspective.
With light glass permeating, forward car glass is expected to become an eco-applicable end-of-the-board data output carrier (with information beyond the control screen) with a significant growth space (one-car value from $700-1500-2000) and a global market size of $115 billion in 2026.
High-value-added products open up a new cycle of growth for companies. At the end of the income, Fukuyo continuously builds his own brand and upgrades his car glass market space with high-value-added products to optimize his own share of the customer structure. At the end of the spectrum, the industry has assets, manpower, long process attributes, and Fyo has priority for scaling up.
36% share of the ball), upgrade of automation (100 robots outnumber developed countries) and output efficiency
In the future, Fukuoka has continued to expand its production at the established base in China and the United States.
Yes, it is expected to start a new cycle of production capacity, which will continue to enhance corporate head-line business inhalation, Global City, Fukuga Glass (600660.0.sh) – three seasons of record, profit forecasts and valuations: higher profit forecasts, maintenance of a “better than the city” rating.
"Glossy glass (60660.sh) - Second quarter Māori co-op rises, car glass longness comes from 1) price: car smart web connection drives glass upgrades, and asp is expected to continue to rise (years are still large; 3) Lii: North America's profitability has improved significantly in recent years and the scale effect has become more pronounced.
Why do we want to look at the moment? The next node recommends the glass. Mainly based on the four dimensions of the track, pattern, company, industry background. 1) track: of the three parts of the auto parts study we've created, the quality track needs to meet high unit prices, singles.
Prices continue to rise, with a long life cycle characterized by three main features, in order to bring about higher and sustained market space ceilings, car glass matching high-quality track standards. 2) Patterns: in high-quality track, central attention needs to be paid to the competitive patterns of internal firms, different car parts and components
There are different product attributes, and the automotive glass industry is naturally shaped by the characteristics of industries such as heavy assets, heavy manpower, long chains of industry, moats, more than 80% of the world's cr4, with a better pattern of competition. Domestically, there is more than 70% of the glazing glass, with few autonomous brand competitors.
3) Companies: Dismantling the competitive edge of companies from the root of roe, centred on strong profitability (Māori rate), Māori = 1-Operative Cost = 1-Producer Cost - Manufacturing Cost - Man Cost - Energy Share, etc. The cost advantage of raw materials is derived from the highly vertical integration of the industrial chain; the cost advantage of manufacturing is derived from scale effects
(High capacity utilization), equipment home-made, etc.: labour-cost rates are derived from high value-for-work workers at the demographic dividend, high-quality managed personnel efficiency, high-quality quality goods, etc.) Industry background: total dividends in the domestic automobile industry have passed and are now entering the low-growth normalization phase, burning
There is a certain excess of oil/new energy vehicle capacity, increased competition, and a volatile pattern of two-line cars. In the process of accelerating the liquidation of car firms, the growth logic of a single large customer whose parts and components have evolved in the past has gradually faded towards the search for parts and components that are globally competitive and stable in competitive patterns, and for certainty of performance.
Valuation premium. Moreover, seaboarding has become the core solution in the context of the current in-country volume, where glazing glass has set a global model (the U.S. factory turnover rate has exceeded 15 per cent) and in the current industry context, with products, upgrades, excellent patterns, seaboard power, high-valued glass, and has become a scarce asset for institutional funding.
The four dimensions - 1) are detailed below from the track point of view: if the research framework for automobile parts is seen from the income point of view, the income = market space*, where the market space is the track point, compared to the one-single-type parts industry, where the market space is the track point of view.
The ideal track should have three features: high unit prices, a continuous increase in unit prices, and a longer life cycle. Three segments of auto parts research on the preferred car glass industry.
See in more detail the report on the framework for research on spare parts, published on 3 December 2018: The Automobile Perspective Study Series (II): Research and Investment Opportunities in the Framework for Research on Motor Parts in the Context of Transformation Upgrade, which focuses on zero components starting (unit prices), elasticity (unit rate of increase), continuity (life cycle) and selection of large components.
More specifically, the market space comes from the value of a bicycle and the penetration rate of a product, which increases from product upgrading and penetration, both of which can be summarized as product life cycles. From these two angles, we focus on the relatively high starting point, the value of a bicycle package at or above a thousand yuan level, and the penetration rate of a product.
Relatively high, with rapid upgrading cycles, and general-purpose parts for fuel and new energy vehicles, including bouncing, lights, seats, interiors, etc.
The car glass track fully benefits from the large logic of upgrading the industry ' s goods, and in the larger trend of intelligence, the car glass is expected to increase from 4 to 6 square metres (area) in the case of single car glass, and from 600 to more than 2,000 in the case of single square metres (film plating, insulation, wrapping, hud, light modulation, 5g communications, etc.).
The value of glass monomole rose from 180 yuan per squarem in 2021 to 213 yuan per squarem in 2023, and composite figure 3: significant trends in the upgrading of car glass products
Carglass is a natural cardboard advantage (occupying one third of the surface of the car around the crew), prior to which it was upgraded around front-hudification, top-of-the-scenes, and medium-term penetration of high-value-added products such as light glass, which is expected to become a mass data output carrier at the end of the car's ecological application (outside the control screen).
In terms of pattern: within the high-quality track, we focus on companies with competitive patterns, big spaces, high-volume companies, and medium-sized high-quality lead companies growing soil.
Inner players gather and compete in a relatively fragmented fashion; foreign firms still account for a larger share of the lights, seats, and glass with attributes such as heavy assets, heavy manpower, long-term industrial chains forming natural moats, more than 80 per cent of the world's cr4, and Fukuyo, as the leader, has more than 36 per cent of the market share, with more than 70 per cent of the domestic front-loading market share and medium- and long-term promise.
The reason why glass has formed more than 70 per cent of the country and more than 36 per cent of the world's share has been linked to its growth experience, industry and product attributes, competitive advantages, and its re-development has been accompanied by the rise of the domestic automobile industry - accelerating the rise of the sea - building of plants to enable global-high-value-added products to peak in three stages, with a focus on countries up to 2011
The boom in domestic business accompanied the rise of China’s auto industry: 27% of pre-bob loading companies in 93, and double capacity (from 450,000 to 1.45 million units) in one year after the establishment of the main oem, in 1995 the public administration had a 50% pre-bond pre-bond stock market. By the late 1980’s, China’s leading joint venture was in the 1990’s.
Figure 6: Domestic car production and part of joint ventures, foreign firms’ time line 3 from the point of view of company competitiveness (roe): dismantling the competitive advantage of the glass from the roe perspective, nuclear
In the heart of strong profitability (Māori), Māori = 1-business rate = 1-raw material cost — manufacturing cost — labour cost — energy share, etc., where the cost advantage of raw materials is derived from high vertical integration of the industrial chain (from home-grown silicone, procurement of the most raw materials rather than intermediate products, search for profit space);
The advantage is derived from the scale effect (high productivity utilization), equipment self-production, etc.; the labour cost advantage is derived from the high-priced workers of the population, the efficiency of the personnel under high-quality management, the high-quality quality of the product, automation (the number of 100 robots is higher than in the developed world).
With the start of a new production cycle, which continues to boost corporate head-to-head snorting, global city penetration is expected to continue to rise. We have deconstructed two indicators: the cost of raw materials and the Māori ratio of companies listed in 48 different segmented sectors of automobile spare parts, and we can see that the cost ratio of raw materials and the Māori ratio are somewhat negative.
Relevance, we believe that the possible reason for this result is that industries that usually have lower costs of raw materials have longer process attributes and more vertical integration of the industrial chain of listed companies (direct procurement of front-end raw materials, procurement of less finished products and intermediates) and the corresponding profits at the upstream part of the chain of industry, which in turn results in higher prices.
High Māori rates. The cost of raw materials is, of course, only one of the impact indicators of Māori rates (technical barriers, regulatory effects are also an important factor in Māori rates), and industry here shows only side-by-side evidence of the competitive advantage (vertical integration of the industrial chain) of the glossy glass raw materials.
Figure 8: Raw materials and Māori ratios in the country ' s 48 core automobile parts and components industry 4) In terms of industry context: total dividends in the domestic automobile industry have passed and are now entering a low-growth normality segment, fuel/new energy vehicle production capacity is overstretched to a certain extent, competition has increased, and second- and third-line vehicle patterns have increased
During the process of accelerating the process of clearing out the car company, the growth of the car parts from a single, large clientele that has evolved in the past has faded towards the search for components that are globally competitive and stable in their competitive pattern, with a qualitative valuation premium on their performance. Moreover, seaboarding has also become the core solution in the context of the current domestic volume, the glass of glory.
A global model has been set for the sea (the U.S. factory turnover rate was over 15%) and the industry is now in the background, ready for product upgrades, excellent patterns, seaboard power, high-scoring glass, to become scarce of institutional funding. The first liberated car in Changchun's first car manufacturing plant was successfully offline in July of that year, with Chinese automobile production in 2023.
In 2010, 30 million vehicles were destroyed. In 2000-2010, Chinese automobile production rose from 2.07 million vehicles to an average of 3.01 million vehicles per year at a compound rate of 4 per cent, and the overall domestic car market slowed down.
Overutilization of the entire vehicle capacity and the risk of price and inventory uncertainty on the part of domestic suppliers. There is a persistent problem with excess capacity in the automobile industry, and we are counting the output and sales of the entire factory in 2023, as well as the capacity of the former plant (marklines) to calculate the output utilization level of the sub-brand.
Of these, the U.S., German, Korean, etc., have lower capacity, and the U.S.E.E.S. (mark, Snow Dragon, Renault, etc.) has decreased significantly. Among the autonomous brands, Biadey, the ideal car (new car cycle), Chiri (export-led growth), Chang An, etc.
There is a high rate of utilization. Newly powerful firms generally use around 50% of their capacity, and the stock sales have not yet reached the standard and model effect point.
Note: The output utilization data are based on the production capacity data of Marklines, and there may be one case where we retrace Japan's trip to the sea, where Toyota moves from cbu to local construction, where construction has accelerated abroad, where Toyota's overseas industry began in 1958, and where a assembly and marketing switch was established with Mexico in 1960.
In the mid-1980s, as the global economy became more borderless, the number of overseas production plants grew rapidly, especially in the north, beginning with the mid-1980s.
The process of recycling the global taps has largely been followed by the globalization of the car companies to achieve their own global layout. For example, the process of developing a global lamphouse in Japan’s Xiaojun, is one of the most important examples.
The current trend of globalization has been that large-scale domestic firms are actively operating in the sea. Domestic automobile sales have slowed down, with high-volume markets moving to inside-stock markets, taking into account the proximity of localization to customers and expansion.
A new curve in performance growth, with large-scale enterprises actively developing capacity abroad. We picked up the cs car plate, which collected more than $5 billion in 2023, and whose share of offshore income in total income rose rapidly from 5% in 2009 to 23% in 23 years. Globalization is also essential to the growth of auto parts and components.
Globalization is a common route for high-quality companies, both within and outside the country, and an opportunity for differentiation in current investments. Revenue rankings are not consistent with those of the Gestapo, with only the statistical segment distinguishing between national revenues.
Faint Glass is a typical seahead, and overseas profitability and client structure are obvious. The auto and spare parts industries that are typical of the country include interior accessories, passenger cars, tyres, safety features, etc. We have selected many companies such as Fashion, Woo-tung, Tami-mei, Shino Fountain, Tupou, among which the Fry Glass is a typical of the domestic dragons' growth space.
(both domestic and foreign Māori rates are much higher than other offshore components) and offshore capacity-building began by 2015, and has moved away from a single customer dependency to make a profit from North American factories under the challenge of changing the business environment abroad (2017 loss, 12.1 per cent net interest rate on United States factories in the first half of 2024), and the glass is in the customer structure, overseas production capacity,
Russian and North American factories are well built, and Fukuyo is well-developed. Fukuyo started trying to build overseas factories in 2011, formally set up subsidiaries in Russia to build factories, and Fyo has set up overseas bases from Europe, and then several others.
Annually, North American capacity-building accelerated, with US$ 200 million invested in a single subsidiary in Ohio, United States of America, to build 10,000 car-glasses in 2013. The overseas plant was well-placed, and Fukuyo’s overseas revenues rose rapidly from $3 billion in 2011 to $14.8 billion in 2023.
Table 2: Status of Fukuga Glass Overseas Bases. Project for planned investment in construction time. 200 million dollars of car glass in Kalu California, Europe, with a total annual production of 2 million car glass units in 2011.
Two high-quality automobile-grade floating glass production lines in 2013 with a yearly output of 450,000 tons of Russians, expanded to a total package of the original value-added service plants, Renault, branding, common and Fortelle.
European Germany Backtrack Process - Functional Plants for Modular Products, Attachment Installations, etc.
General, Chrysler, Modern, Honda, 2015, 3 million car glass units in 2013 North America, Ohio, United States of America.
Toyota, Volkswagen, BMW, 56 million dollars to buy the appg factory, $200 million to upgrade the U.S. 2 million U.S. dollars, $256 million U.S. Flying Glass, Illinois, North America, 2014.
A high-quality vehicle-grade floating glass production line, 300,000 tons per year. General, Chrysler, Modern, Honda, 2017.
Toyota, the general public, BMW, etc., put in a film-plated car glass line, steeled merciless merciless, Chrysler, modern, Honda, Ohio, North America, $300 million.
Toyota, the public, BMW, etc.
In North America, $350 million of Fashion Glass, Illinois, 2022, backboard glass deep-processed production lines, factories and ancillary infrastructure, glazing glass is more red than car parts and components, and remains a leader in a share.
For several years, the share of red was higher than the share of car parts as a whole. By the end of 2023, the share of cash in Fukuyo was 60 per cent, which was higher than the 51.5 per cent share of car parts in the Cs; in addition, we sorted out the ratio of interest financing to the sum of over 5,000 companies, and the glass in Fyoshi was one of the few manufacturing industries in the top 10 (most of which were consumption, high-speed energy, etc.), considering the benefits.
The glass has set a global model for seaboarding (the U.S. factory turnover is 15% higher) and the industry now has an upscaling, excellent pattern, seaboard power, high-scoring glass, which has become an institutional excellence/(ip0+ listing to date + listing to date)/(ip0+ listing to date + not implemented since + + 2024)
Stock + Debt + Priority Stock Collection) is calculated by ranking 5216 companies with a share-exclusion-rate ratio of 0, based on the four dimensions of the track, pattern, company, industry background, and we recommend glass.
With China’s automobile industry growing for many years, with great focus and cost-control capabilities, it has grown as a global car glass tap (with a projected 36% global share +) with far greater profitability than a global competitor. In the short term, it is expected to be public in 2024 in the context of the upgrading of glass products, lower prices of raw materials, and higher capacity utilization.
The performance of the Division is expected to grow robustly; in the medium term, the company ' s increased capacity in North America, Fuching and Fertilizer, among others, is expected to open a new cycle of capacity-building, and the global market share of the company ' s automobile glass business, with the expansion signal, is expected to rise continuously; in the long term, the company, as the global hub, fully benefits from the large logic of upgrading the industry class, intelligence.
In the prevailing trend, car glass is expected to increase the use of glass (area) in bicycles, from 4 to 6 square metres; and 2) the value of single square metres (plating, insulation, wrapping, hud, luminous, 5g communications, etc.) from 600 to more than 2,000 dollars.
In summary, corporate performance growth comes from the price of 1); car smart network connectivity drives glass upgrading,asp and highlights the fact that the company’s overseas performance is moving into a high-speed growth phase.
The auto glass industry has an oligopoly pattern, a domestic market of Fukuga glass with over 70%, a global market with over 36%, and the youngest and fastest-growing member of a big car glass supplier. We conclude that the core competitiveness of the glass is the rapid laying of production capacity, the verticalness of the industrial chain.
The genetic dividend of the extended and heavily-assessed population sector, as reflected in the company ' s high Maori, high market share, and the history of Mr. Cao DeWang, the founder of the Favour Group, we believe that the core of the company ' s competition is formed at the following key points. 1) The China-South joint venture glass was established in 1987; 2) the main focus in 1995
Industry, creation of the Fukuoka brand, accelerated expansion of productive capacity after listing; 3) temporary exit from the Chinese market in San Goban in 1999, and continued promotion of domestic layout; 4) self-floating glass in 2004 to improve the autonomous control of the industrial chain; 5) accelerated out to sea, offshore construction of a global car company: 6) in 2020, with a double-priced car glass.
It's now more than 36% of the world's car glass market, with overseas (Europe, North America) layout and continued improvement in profitability. It benefits from the rise in the price of bicycle glass, with a high degree of certainty of performance at the moment.
1987-1998 was the beginning of the company’s business, which began in 1987 with the introduction of state-of-the-art equipment from abroad from the domestic market, and in 1993 was listed and determined to focus on the capital of the company, removing property, etc., accelerating the construction of domestic factories, and focusing on the expansion of pre-loading operations.
From 17.5% on the market to over 60% in 2000, the chairman of the board of directors led Fu Yiu’s rapid development. 1987: From the water-surface glass link to the car-gated glass.
At the beginning of 1983, Cao DeWang contacted the company to improve management of the company’s operations, making a profit of more than $200,000 from the high mountain-altitude glass factory. In 1985, after discussion in the town, Cao DeWant held 50% of the high mountain-altitude shares in mortgaged property and purchased production from a bank loan.
After that, Cao DeWang noticed that domestic car glass was sold at a time when it needed to be imported, expensive for repairs, and there were huge domestic substitution opportunities. In 1987, 11 shareholders of the High Mountain Transvestite Glass Factory, $6.27 million, formed China and beyond joint venture glass industry companies from the United States, Japan and Japan.
Switzerland, Finland, which has introduced the world’s most advanced technological production equipment from the 1980’s to the 1990’s, formed eight glass processing production lines up to 1993, in which steel furnaces imported from Finland can be automatically shaped according to design parameters, the world’s most advanced product at that time, with a line of more than $1 million.
The first sedan glass to be offline within a month, the glitter glass to be marketed to the car repair station and obtained good market feedback based on continuous excellence. Focus 1993: companies went on the market and focused on the rapid expansion of production capacity in the main business.
In 1993, companies accounted for more than 40% of the domestic market after sale, while 84 zeroem companies were set up to expand their production lines on the market. The company continued to promote product optimization, while market-oriented and active new product development, and by 1993 it had received a steam of aud1, Jeda, 2-blue snow dragons, eq140,153 new series,
South Volkswagen Ivico, Beijing Cherokee, Tianjinshali, Guangzhou, etc.
Acquisition of a full-automated glass line and associated engineering facility in Glastekping, United States of America. Additional production of 400,000 m2 per year for bending steel glass is projected to increase industrial output by $32 million and shareholdings in Fulfill Glass Industries Australia Ltd. (The remaining shares are held by Cloudguard, Australia, and Bo Seon Seung, Macau)
The company has been working since 1995 to expand its production capacity and build a factory in Fukugi. Fukuyo was also involved in the marketing process.
In the remaining areas, such as real estate, in 1994 the company was determined to focus on the car glass business, and in order to obtain the financing of the transition, Cao DeWant registered Hong Kong's overseas subsidiary to acquire Fukuo shares in the local government and the company, and Cao Dynasty's shares, and to transfer them to Hua Fong for a loan, and to buy the assets of the village of Fukuo Yiu for the benefit of Foyo Wang, based on net book value.
In 1995 a one-time investment of $1 billion was made to build a 10,000-to-two phase of a steeled glass production line, producing 7 million steeled glass products per year (including windows, backwinds), thus creating the capacity to produce a million-a-million-year full-car window.
In North America, local distribution networks have been set up, and overseas markets have become active. Corporate products have also been exported to countries and regions such as the United States, Canada, and Hong Kong.
Sales networks, expanding distribution channels and improving distribution networks, increased export earnings from $6.64 million in 1995 to $224.0 million in 1998, with a 50% compound increase. In 2000, companies saw fast-growing market dynamics for minibuses and limo glass, and acquired 75% of the shares of Green Glass Co. Ltd. in Fuzhou to expand their production capacity.
The firm’s net profits in 1999 accounted for 22% of the combined profit from the glass, 60% of its products were exported in 2000 and 10% of the market share in the United States of America’s auto parts market. The market share rose rapidly as a result of policy support.
Policies such as "Conservation of Productive Capacity to Combat Low Level Rebuilding " , the continuous control of flat glass production, the implementation of a "stopover" policy for small glass manufacturers and the encouragement of high-quality floating glass technology, which has proved to be effective, the suspension of nearly 50 per cent of the glass market in 2001, which has led to a significant increase in the price of glass and a significant increase in the price of glass, and the introduction of a "stopover" policy for small glass producers, which has encouraged the development of high-quality floating glass technology.
After occupying 40% of the domestic car glass market, the high-quality car glass and car glass market accounted for 60% of the market, attention began to be paid to the floating glass market. 1999: San Goban withdrew from Foyo cooperation and promised not to enter the Chinese market for five years.
The stock-holding and exit from San Goban, which began in 1995, was another important point of development, the turning point in 1999. Between 1995 and 1998, the accumulated profit from the Glossy Glass was $5.58 million, but the main operating margin increased to $1.13 billion, an increase of 45%.
In 1999, Foyo and Cao Dewang bought back their share of the San Goban stock, replacing San Goban’s five-year pledge not to enter the Chinese market to provide the land for his rapid growth.
In 1994, Pill de Gaulle, Vice-President of the Department for International Development of San Goban, visited Fujian and then began to enter into investment negotiations to name San Goban.
With $15 million (approx.) in shares held by two Hong Kong companies, 42 per cent of China's Fukuyo Glass, and $15.3 million ($130 million) in shares in the Wanda Motor Glass, a joint venture subsidiary of Hukuyo, which holds 51 per cent of Wanda Po, with the prior condition that (1) San Goban must transfer to Foyo its sole capital in Shanghai.
The agreement was finally finalized by the Chinese government in 1995 and the contract landed the following year. The 100-year business experience of the San Go class shares is having a positive impact, including compliance.
Including 1) audit regulatory requirements, Foyo replaced the accounting firm with Shanghai Plumhua and Andassin, and the forward layout enhanced confidence in the follow-up anti-dumping victory; 2) monopolization of business thinking, Sango Ban proposed to clean up existing projects in the industrial village that were not part of the main business, which were not related to glass, and to help companies.
Cao de Wong took over São Goban’s share, holding over 60% of the share, and led the company to grow faster. Foyo and San Go.
Ben's business strategy was different, and the combination of the South-East Asian financial crisis and other factors led to an incentive drop in car prices, Fukuyo. Glass performance was more volatile, and in 1998 was the only loss on the market to date; eventually, in 1999, the Cao De Wang family repurchased the Hong Kong Trinity Company, a subsidiary of San Goban, Hong Kong Hong Kong Overseas Limited, at the original transfer price.
In 2000, the Cao Dewang family held more than 60 per cent of the share in the glass; while the glass and its subsidiary bought back 51 per cent of the stock held by the San Goe class and its son for $16 million, the stock share of the Cao Dewang family was more than 60 per cent.
San Goban has committed himself not to enter the Chinese market for five years to provide the opportunity for the Fukuo outbreak. San Goban has officially withdrawn from Foyo, and Vanda glass has been converted into the Fukuo All-China Company.
From 1999 to 2023, the income from Fukuoka rose from 600 million yuan to 1.7 billion yuan. In 2000-2002 alone, sales of Fyoglass products increased from 201.13 million square metres to 3,951 million square metres, with a 40% compound acceleration, exceeding the Chinese car market.
2.18 million vehicles grew to 3.45 million with a 26% compound growth rate. Fukuyo seized gold to expand capacity and became the country’s largest and third-largest supplier of car glass, accounting for 10% of the international market and over 60% of the domestic market of zeroem.
The year 1999-2010 was a year of accelerated domestic growth, with company revenues accompanying the rise of the domestic automobile industry, during which a number of joint ventures, such as the vast and large-scale automobile industry, were established.
Domestic build-up, prosperity, prosperity and close cooperation with it became the country ' s largest and third-largest automobile glass supplier in 2010, accounting for 10 per cent of the international market and more than 60 per cent of the domestic zerom market.
In 2000, the Changchun factory began to build its own equipment.
From the start of the factory, Fukuyo used home-made equipment to build production lines, with a total investment cost of 50 per cent less than the same type of introduction, technology.
Levels that have reached or even exceeded internationally advanced levels are the efficient operation and rapid opening of the Fulbright copying plant, and figure 24: glass manufacturing processes and home-made equipment for Fulfilling 2003: floating glass self-made, vertical extension of the industrial chain
Car glass goes back to the bottom and can be divided into steeled glass and laminated glass, which is printed and steeled on the base of the floating sheet, while the glass is combined with pvb membrane in the middle of the two floating glass. Steeled glass is characterized by a rounding that does not cut the crew and is generally used to prevent escape;
The glass is used in the front and the sky window generally, and the glass is used mainly for floating glass and pvb membrane. Consider the wide application of the glass, for example.
The cost of disassembly, pvb, artificial, electrical, and manufacturing is the main building block of the company ' s car glass, with the largest share of the floating glass at 34% and the combined cost of the pvb film at nearly 50%. The floating glass cost is also dominated by energy, manufacturing costs and pure alkaline, and overall, pvb (10-15%), natural gas.
Fifteen per cent), pure alkali (6 per cent) accounts for the cost of the top three raw materials of the car glass. Figure 27: Cost composition of the car glass. Figure 28: Cost composition of floating glass
High-end floating glass can further affect product performance, and mastering floating technology is the core competitiveness of the supplier. The car uses glass, whether steeled or plating, glues, which is based on floating glass, which directly determines the performance of the glass, which was increased by the solar glass manufacturer to achieve a monopoly on front windshields in the car.
uv-cut elements, while refusing to cut off the uv-cut-floating glass attempt to supply it, accelerated the construction of the high-end floating glass line. In 2001, the three companies led by pg led a lawsuit against pok-foo for illegal dumping in the United States, preparing for a high-quality team response, visiting pg, and finally,
At the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, p.
By the end of 2023, the company had completed the layout of several floating lines of French production, such as Fukucing, Changchun, Chongqing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, etc. The auto glass industry continued to increase in concentration. Worldwide, world-renowned car glass manufacturers include Japanese Xiako, Ishiko, British Pilginton, French San Goban, etc.
Cost pressures have increased in developed countries, and international auto firms have adopted global production, global procurement, global marketing strategies, compounding the effects of the global financial crisis, and competitive pressure from car glass manufacturers. In 2006, Plate Nico acquired the second-largest British Pirkinton in the world at more than 600 billion yen, which once occupied the world.
25% share of the front windglass business. Since then, facilitated by the restructuring of inter-firm M&As and the concentration of new production capacity in large-scale niche enterprises, Xinzi, Slate Nitro, San Goban occupied 75% of the world ' s car glass frontloads by 2011. Figure 29: Changes in the pattern of car glass between 2003 and 2010
Fukuyo accelerated production, and the market share grew rapidly. 1999-2010 was also a year of rapid expansion. The Department built new multi-field factories in the country, such as Changchun, Chongqing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, and Hubei.
In 2010, Foyo became the country’s largest and third-largest supplier of car glass; the public sector accounted for 10% of the international market and more than 60% of the domestic market of zeroem.
In order to seize global growth opportunities, the company is steadily expanding overseas, with the European and American core markets. In North America, the company ' s investment in a car glass production base in Ohio, United States, began in August 2015 and is now producing 5.5 million car glass units per year, equipped with advanced global car glass production lines and supplied mainly with products.
In North America and Europe, well-known automobile manufacturers, such as General, Chrysler, BMW and the general public, outperformed 15 per cent of their profits in the first half of 2024 as a model for domestic spare parts out of the sea; stage II plants were built in 2022 and are expected to be released next year; in Europe, companies planned to invest in Russian plants in 2011, 2017
In Germany, the expansion of functional plants such as the aggregate package, modularized products, attachments, and product design service centres for European clients has been well-placed, and overseas income from Yoyo has rapidly increased from 3 billion yuan in 2011 to 14.8 billion yuan in 2023.
In 2011, the construction of overseas factories was officially opened, the construction of North America and Russia accelerated, and the construction of North America and Russia was completed, and Fukuyo was well-developed. In 2011, it started trying to build overseas plants, formally set up subsidiaries in Russia to build plants, and Fukuyo has a base to take the lead from Europe.
This was followed by accelerated North American capacity-building in subsequent years, with a US$ 200 million car safety glass project in 2013 with a monopoly on the establishment of a subsidiary in Ohio, United States. By 2017, Fukuyo had completed 5.5 million car-bores in North America (with a projected near 85 per cent capacity utilization rate in 2024) and a new US$ 300 million investment in 2022 and a projected 25-year period.
In the North American direction, Foyo has already built 5.5 million car-bonds. In October 2013, the company set up a subsidiary in Ohio, United States, to invest $200 million in a car safety glass project. In 2014, an agreement was signed with the United States company ppg to buy the United States company appg's mt.zion plant in Illinois, United States, for $56 million.
By 2015, Fukuyo exports had accounted for 50 per cent of total production; by 2015, the company had come into operation at Dayton, Ohio, United States of America, with a full complement of common, Chrysler, Toyota, Honda, and modern passengers.
Households provide accompaniment services; Fukuyo earns more than $10 billion overseas the following year; Fukuyo invests $600 million in October 2016 to build a factory in Ohio, the largest car glass factory in the world, employing more than 2,500 local workers. By 2017, Fukuyo had built a capacity in North America 550.
In 2019, Fukuyo increased its investment in the construction of a solar-powered deep-glass processing plant, producing about 6 million pieces per year.
We analyzed the turning point in the core business of Fukuyo in North America, which turned out to be a gain in 2017 and an acceleration in profit levels in 2023, improved corporate income in North America in the first half of 2017 by $115 million, net profits - $10,441.0 million, and profits from American factories in that year; and, by 2018, Fyo had built floating glass in five states in the United States market.
By 2020, the net interest rate of the company affected by the epidemic had been zero, and in subsequent years, the net interest rate of the company had risen rapidly to 9%. By 2023, the company ' s North American income had reached 5.6 billion yuan, with the largest operating profit rate.
The rapid improvement in North America’s profitability is due to three factors: the increase in human effectiveness, the impact of scale and the increase in unit prices. One step forward, the improvement in North America’s profitability in recent years is due to an increase in human effectiveness. North America’s hourly wages are more than three times higher than in the country.
In North America, where local labour efficiency and cultural differences remain at around 35%, well above the domestic level of 15%. In recent years, with the company’s artificial proficiency and machine grinding, individual output has climbed, labour costs in North America have declined significantly, and the profitability of the support company in North America has improved; 2) scale effects, Fukuo America has moved from
Starting production in 2015 with an income of $190 million in the first half of 2016, the operating profit rate remains at 88 per cent, owing to the low level of North American artificial proficiency and capacity utilization at the beginning of the launch. By the first half of 2024, the United States had achieved a national capacity utilization rate of more than 80 per cent, the United States earned $3.2 billion in the first half of the year alone and an operating profit rate of 16 per cent.)
In Europe, Fukuyo started trying to build overseas plants in 2011, officially in Russia, in September 2013.
In 2017, the company’s European plant began work in Germany, expanding its original value-added service plant base into a combined package of aggregates, modularized products, attachments, etc., and products for European customers.
Designing a service centre to further expand the share of the European market. The company’s offshore base was well-placed, and Fukuyo’s overseas revenue also rapidly increased from $3 billion in 2011 to $14.8 billion in 2023. Euro8,883 million was purchased for German sam assets, and the industrial chain was further consolidated.
The top-of-the-car track system, among other things, where aluminium accessories have higher requirements for alkaline resistance, corrosion resistance, high temperature tolerance, Omericau, Fukuyo acquired three-strength accessories, Fukuzhou molds, set up a locomotive aluminum and planned the purchase of sam assets, and did everything in its power for the entire industry chain, 2019.
Euro58.83 million for the purchase of assets (equipment, materials, finished products, in products, industrial appliances, etc.) of the German company Sam specializes in aluminum bars, covering high-quality customers with luxury brands. Formerly 11 factory layouts, 1,800 employees, covering the public, Audi, BMW, Mercedes, General, Scota, Volvo, Bentley, etc.
High- and middle-end car companies around the world have over 100 patents in the area of aluminum bars, and surface plating (aluminum alloy oxidation) is a world leader. In 2017, about 280 million euros were earned, in 2018, due to mismanagement, fire, etc., companies applied for bankruptcy, Foyo acquired corporate patents, assets and customer resources, and companies added.
Rapidly integrated operations, including the consolidation of 11 plants into two full-scale plants, personnel optimization, etc., with steady performance
In 2010, the market share was 28%, slightly higher than Xinzi, and more than titanium and 10 pct in San Goban.
In 2020, Foyo officially took over the world ' s bountiful head, from focusing on the front-loading market of car glass in the 1990s to expanding overseas production capacity, after 30 years of building and releasing domestic and foreign capacity, to becoming a global car in 2020, with a market share of 28 per cent from 10 per cent in 2010, slightly higher than Xinzi, exceeding the titanium,
Tesla led the sky to a high tide, and the glory opened a new round of high-speed growth. Ten years ago, the skyglass was blessed in the form of a Land Rover, with little demand for products that could not be used on a large scale.
Intra-car space is squeezed and the importance of skyglasses in the interior of the vehicle is highlighted, with Tesla Modedy driving the heat of the sky in 2019, contributing to the next phase of rapid growth.
Figure 39: Increased permeability of the skyscreen glass, lower characteristics of the car glass industry and prospects for development
The production of car glass goes from silicon sand to floating methods to car glass, industrial processes are long, equipment assets are invested more, and there is a low turnover of fixed assets in Fulfilled with the trades of lamps, tyres, interiors, car electronics, etc. Further consideration is given to the need for individualization of products, with some process automation not increasing significantly, and labour costs.
For companies that have the advantage of building up their size and are able to complete advanced production, asset, manpower, and long-term process characteristics are also central barriers to competition. Looking ahead, car windows occupy one-third of the surface of the car, surrounding the crew, and are naturally intelligent.
Space. Industry pre-upgrading revolves around front-hudization, top-of-the-screening, and medium-term light glass penetration, which is expected to become a big-volume data output vehicle at the end of the car ' s ecological application (information beyond the medium-control screen) with a huge growth space (one-car value from 700-1500-2000), 2026 Global Market.
Car glass is a typical heavy asset industry, with fixed asset turnover at a lower level. We've chosen car electronics, two high-elastic lanes and interiors, and two mature markets for tires in the auto industry, which are measured by fixed asset turnover.
Most auto parts companies, at the same time, are less than 0.82 per cent of the cs car industry.
The pattern of competition is stable, the concentration of the industry is high, and the combined market share of the world ' s top four flagships is close to 90 per cent.
The benefits are significant, and the rest of the country’s suppliers show a clear trend. Accordingly, when a business like Fukuyo leads to the completion of prior capital inputs, income is accompanied by a simultaneous increase in market shares, cost sharing, raw material supply, etc., the advantages are clear, the scale effects are gradually realized, and competitiveness is excellent. This is particularly evident in the domestic automotive glass industry.
It is obvious that Fukuyo has more than 70% of the domestic market, and that smaller players are unable to grow rapidly in the car glass market, and most of the transformations have been taken away from the glory.
Carglass industry chains are long, floating and pvb membranes account for the main costs. Considering the extensive application of laminated glass, we take this as an example of how to split the facades, pvb membrane, artificial, electrical and manufacturing costs of the company ' s car glass, which accounts for the largest share of glass, 34 per cent, and together with the pvb membranes, for nearly 50 per cent of the cost of car glass.
The cost of floating glass is also dominated by energy, manufacturing costs and pure alkaline, with pvb (10-15 per cent), natural gas (15 per cent), pure alkaline (6 per cent) occupying the cost of the top three raw materials of the car glass.
Figure 44: The cost of a car glass consists of a longer process of the car glass process with a higher number of knowhow barriers. The detailed division of work shows that the car glass is removed from the float by pre-treatment of the edges, grinding edges, scrubbers, drying, etc., and passed to the steel furnaces for heating, molding and suppression.
Core processes such as bending shapes and cold steeling of wind and windcoats, with longer process lines and more technical barriers. The floating glass continues to produce, with approximately seven years of cold repair, forcing suppliers to capture downstream demand.
Overtemperature melting, clarification, homogenization, cooling, etc., forms a suitable form of high-quality glass fluid. Glass fluids enter through the flow channel into tin tanks filled with nitrogen and hydrogen, float on the surface of the molten tin fluids to level and polish naturally, by mechanical pull and pull control, form the required width and thickness of the glass belt, and then cool into the follow.
R. In the furnace, production started in 2011 with the Fashion Line, as an example, when it lit and continued to produce; in 2019, production stopped cold and resumed in November 2021; different formulas for different colours of glass were present, and uncombined production required sufficient downstream demand from glass suppliers, which would be sustained once the demand was inadequate.
This has resulted in a backlog of stocks and further increases in maintenance costs; while accurate knowledge of the needs of the different groups of products can further optimize production plans, increase product utilization and reduce combined operating costs.
Steel-forming equipment determines the quality and efficiency of output, and self-made quality of the product. The essence of steel is to cool the hot glass so that the glass surface is sclerified before the central layer, while the hardened surface forms the surface pressure by preventing the central layer from cooling. The steel parameters need to be based on experience on the type, thickness and steel of the original glass.
For design, there are more knowhow barriers. And the steel furnace determines the glass curve of the car, which determines the quality of the glass. Homemade is more effective in guaranteeing glass quality, and core equipment such as glossy steel is self-made, with a self-contained rate of over 80%.
Figure 48: Structured steel furnaces in the industry where mainstream players generally cover vertical industrial chains and master product quality while increasing their profitability. We retrace mainstream players in the industry, relatively large cars like Sangoban, titanium, twilight, glazing glass, etc.
Glass suppliers generally have vertical coverage, self-mining silicon (1.8 per cent of floating costs), home-made floats (34 per cent of gas production costs), self-research core equipment (melting furnaces, etc.), the core of which is the effective assurance of vehicle glass quality from floating glass, while at the same time safeguarding their own profitability. Reference glass data indicate that there is still a 28 per cent Māori rate for floating glass.
The self-floating method internalizes this portion of the procurement cost. Industry characteristic three: heavy manpower, labour costs in the manufacture of the carbs account for almost 14 per cent of the cost, and domestic suppliers have a significant labour dividend advantage.
The car glass process is long, and there is a need for some customization. The car glass industry, represented by Fukuyo, has a 14 per cent labour cost, significantly higher than other industries, such as domain controllers, interior and interior accessories, and lights. Domestic firms enjoy a visible demographic dividend, such as workers, designers and others, and have a competitive position in the car glass industry.
The heavy manpower industry is characterized by long processes and product properties. For example, Fukuyo built a new 4.0 plant to make a fine piece of flat-walled glass, grinding, repressing, plating, etc., into finished products until the entire production line of the logistics container is highly automated, but some of the cutting, slicing, etc. processes still require manual involvement, while the company has more presence.
Inevitably, there is a small amount of demand for new products, where manual processing is more efficient than machinery, industry, quality and supply of products, taking into account the globalized layout of most spare parts, further improvement in employee stability, higher salary increases in labour costs, and, for example, in 2023, the average salary per employee is 200,000 yuan.
Higher than the rest of the industry players such as braids, headlights, tyres. Figure 50: Per capita remuneration of parts of automobiles in 2023 Industry follow-up: entering a new phase of upscaling
Electricization, intelligent re-engineering of supply chain patterns, and more robust life-force for generic products. In recent years, new power enterprises such as Tesla have accelerated the transformation of the vertical alignment of whole cars with parts and components, and the value and interest of spare parts, such as electric power, have increased, with corresponding research and development expenditures increasing, with suppliers such as internal combustion engines increasing.
In the first half of the year, a total of 20 German automobile parts suppliers with annual revenues of more than Euro10 million applied for bankruptcy, an increase of 60 per cent over the same period; the top 20 auto parts companies were able to find that Mahler (gas in the main camp, motivation), Jettigt (main bearing, drive axes, etc.), Toyota textiles (main camp interior accessories, engine week)
There is a clear decline in the ranking of companies. The product has a narrow range of applications or has put a huge strain on the supplier’s survival, and we are concerned about moving from the fuel-car era to an electric age, a high-quality track with intelligent attributes.
Car glass is the largest single-car application, with a vast skyscreen and intelligent space. In the '90s, car-only glass has reached 4 m2, has been nurtured by the need for the skyscreen glass, open panoramic windows, etc., and now part of the glass is 5 m2 or more, and glass has become the largest single-car application zero.
In the first half of this year, we were able to take stock of the top 50 vehicles sold in the skyscreen, with 11% of the panorama (unopenable and larger than 0.5m2) and 50% of the big skylights, with a steady increase in the size of the glass.
Smart glass, such as smart light, insulation, etc., is expected to speed up the ride, and smart lights, smart interiors, etc., provide an intelligent driving experience. High-value-added products get in, and the size and price of the car continues to rise with the whole design.
It also increases the beauty of cars, which use glass surfaces, from 2.4 square metres per car in the 1960s, 2.8 square metres in the 1970s, 3.4 square metres in the 1980s, to 4.0 square metres in the late 1990s.
The Division, as the global engine of car glass, has a major intellectual trend in which car glass is expected to increase from 4 to 6 square metres in size, and 2 square metres in value (plating, insulation, covering, Hud, figure 53: the car glass industry benefits from the increase in vehicle area and single square metres in value
Figure 52: Vehicle glass industry vehicle size and monogram value enhancement path Teslamodel3 accelerated skyscreen glass, with a forward glass area of 6 m2. The first consideration is light harvesting, beauty, small skylights, medium skylights, etc., and the new energy base battery kit is designed to fit into one.
Step-by-step users are pursuing the upper space, with Tesla introducing the full glass roof concept in 2020, with effective speed industry skyglasses on board, 17.7 per cent in 2023, an increase of 6.6 per cent compared to the same year, and further downside on forward load prices, which is expected to add two square metres of glass to the industry.
High-value-added product penetration has increased, with single-car glass prices rising to $2,000. Vehicle glass continues to be intelligent upgrades, with two to three times the flat rice price (150 yuan/m2-400 yuan/m2).
It can adjust glass, glass antennas, 3) energy-efficient and environmentally friendly (solar, insulated glass), 4) beauty fashion: the atmosphere light glass is upgraded in four ways, leading to a multi-fold increase of the rest.
Antenna glass et al. interactive products are currently less permeable (<5%) and are expected to follow the L3+ model into the future. Figure 56: Autoglass price escalation is significant, and the global car glass market is expected to reach 115 billion in 2026, close to double.
There is a rapid increase in the penetration rate of smart skyscreens and smart front-loaded products as the whole vehicle upgrades. In the subregion, China and the European and American markets are the main incremental spaces. At the industry level, China, Europe, and the United States are the main producers of the global automobile market, occupying 60% of the world ' s automobile market, with a high automobile base and a good economic base.
The main suppliers of car glass are 100-year-old companies that focus on the fast-tracking of the main industry.
But mainstream international players tend to go beyond car glass blocks, build glass in San Goban, provide glass products for the Louvre in France, and industry (including cars) accounts for only 13% of the revenue: the same goes for titanium and agc.
With regard to the construction of glass, car glass accounts for a relatively low share of revenue. From the 1990s, it was determined to focus on car glass, which rose rapidly to $33.2 billion (2023), and the amount of revenue generated by the bovine industry, which has outpaced its rivals.
The front-loading market, which has gradually expanded its overseas production capacity, has been accompanied by a new round of growth of high-value-added products since 2020, and has continued to strengthen its vertical industrial chain coverage, scale and other advantages. The global market share continues to be slightly higher than Xinzi, significantly surpassing the performance of Steam Nico and San Goban.
We take stock of the core advantages of the glass or the raw materials, output efficiency, and management of the profits, with the result that the industry has high net interest rates, the end of the income, the end of the picture, the continued building of its own brand, the upgrading of the car ' s car glass market space for higher value-added products, the optimization of its client structure, and the cost side, where the industry has high assets and weight.
Manpower, long process attributes, Fogs are given priority for scaling up (36% global share, reflected in depreciation, raw materials), upgrading automation (100 robotics are higher than in developed countries, improved manpower) and output efficiency (core equipment self-contained, reduced human cost ratio), achieving vertical industry chain coverage (self-generated silicone floating)
Figure 58: Fulfilling competitive advantage in disassembly of fiscal year data.
Retrospectively, Foyo is expected to continue to expand its production capacity at an established base in China and the United States, opening a new cycle of production capacity, continuing to boost corporate head-to-head infusion, and continuing global market penetration.
Meta-upgrading and development space are wide-ranging. Figure 59: Glass-blowing competitiveness is clear, asset-use efficiency is much higher than comparable companies.
From 2011 to 2020, the company’s new expansion capacity in overseas North America, the country’s state of Suzhou, etc. was on a continuous slope, new assets were not fully utilized and roe was relatively low; starting in 2020, the company’s output was effectively used and the level of roe started to rise steadily until 2024.
For six months, Foyoroe levels have been maintained at 11.06%, higher than the comparable 3pct. The company’s high asset efficiency is mainly a high-profit contribution.
Māori rates and net interest rates continue to be higher than rivals. At the same time, advantages such as domestic automation, efficiency, and streamlined management have regressed overseas, with the company ' s North America operating profit rate rising rapidly up to 15% + in the first half of 2024, better than that of the rest of the leading companies in North America.
Company + 10 pct. Figure 62: The Māori rate is significantly higher than that of comparable companies Figure 63: Net interest rate of Fukuyo is much higher than that of comparable companies
The cash flow of Fukuyo is sufficient to support the company’s operations, mainly with its own cash. The equity multiplier, the asset turnover ratio, is relatively low. The company’s free cash flow in recent years is mostly over RMB 2 billion, the company’s preference is for its own funds to cover investments in production line maintenance, expansion, etc., a stock listing has increased so far only in 2003, and part of the demand for funds is short-lived.
Figure 65: Performance of comparable corporate asset turnover
Upgrade, with a clear scale effect from centralized production, the advantages of raw materials procurement and transportation costs. Compared to other competitors, plants are built around the globe in 22 countries, such as Australia, Norway, Poland, St. Goban, car glass factories in six countries around the world, and pyrotechnics in five countries around the world.
The national layout, the construction of plants around China and the United States, the acceleration of the scale effect, the acquisition of raw materials, land transport, etc. have a relative cost advantage.
Manufacturing costs (depreciated perspective), where car glass is a typical heavy asset industry with input output close to 1:1. Manufacturing costs are relatively high (15% + ), Māori is expected to change significantly in the process of increasing capacity utilization close to 85% per year (close to full production) and Māori has a significant advantage.
Figure 68: The Māori rate and depreciation as a percentage of total operating income are negatively correlated, and Foyo enjoys a natural gas and pure base price advantage in domestic and US constructions. We organize subregional gas prices, which are significantly lower than those in Europe and Japan, and have a clear natural gas energy advantage.
Domestic gas prices are also below Japan for most of the time, and Fukuyo has a co-opt cost advantage in China and the United States of America as compared to its friends; it is also a net-alkali market core production area, with China accounting for 45 per cent of the global market, followed by the United States, which accounts for 16 per cent of global production, and Fukuyo has a clear floating glass raw material advantage.
Figure 70: Subregional distribution of pure alkali production capacity Figure 69: Subregional gas prices
In 2023, the world produced 90 million cars, of which China accounted for 34%, and Asia and the Pacific, with the exception of China and China, still owns 10,000 vehicles, which is still far from China’s 30 million. On the one hand, Fukuyo embraces high-yielding countries to build plants, accelerating the realization of the advantages of scale, enjoying the relative low-cost manpower advantage of the country and 25 yuan per hour for domestic workers.
Within the US, Japan, Poland, etc., a quarter of the water level in France, Australia, and Germany, there is a strong human cost advantage in the heavy-power car glass track. Domestic manual efficiency is significantly higher than in North America, with higher output per unit of time.
With only about 80 per cent of domestic workers working efficiently, the Fukuoka Glass mobilized Chinese workers from home in 2016, and competed with American workers in factories in the United States and in the United States who had been on the job for more than half a year for the efficiency of the production of car glass membranes, with Chinese workers making 1,011 films and US workers producing 792 pieces, 72 per cent of Chinese workers.
High Automation Industry with heavy human attributes and a highly automated and modern production line with a unique and sophisticated back-up advantage. International mainstream car glass suppliers are generally 100 years old, with relatively early production lines and smarter ones.
In one plant, more than 50% of the home-made numeric machine-beds have access to information processing centres using technologies such as Internet sensors for optimal production. Production efficiency has thus increased by 30.5%, product failures have decreased by more than 30%, and energy use has increased by 12%. The new factory " 4.0 " has reduced production lines by almost 20%, efficiency gains by 200% per 30 seconds.
Fortune technology has now achieved an integrated solution for international high-value-added products, from personalization to design, simulation, to high-quality production security. Automation is the world’s leading, and the number of bottling robots exceeds that of developed countries.
Fortune is concerned with automation, with 681 robots per 10,000 inhabitants by 2023, almost twice the national average, and more than in developed countries like Germany and Japan.
By contrast, the demographic dividend has shifted to an automated one, with a net annual profit output of $172,000 per person, well above the average value of the counterpart. The benefits of adequate home-grown equipment and highly automated production lines have been smoothing out of the demographic dividend.
The period turned to automated dividends, with per capita profits far higher than those of competitors, for example, in 2023, with a net per capita profit of 172,000 yuan, higher than the average value of 351 per cent for San Goiban, Pitsuko and agc; and product structure problems, Fukuoka per capita income in 2023, less than the average value of comparable companies, but from 2010 to 2023, Foyobo.
Per capita income rose from $540,000 to $1.01 million, with a compound rate of 5 per cent higher than comparable companies.
Per capita cash flows have risen in tandem with sales. Glasses have cost control, operating efficiency, inventory management capacity, per capita operating cash flows have risen rapidly with their sales and market share, and between 2011 and 2023, per capita operating cash flows rose from 140,000 yuan to $230,000, cagr = 4 per cent; their rate of increase and 2023.
The figures are weaker than the number of São Gobans, whose operations cover a wide range of products such as glass, building materials, etc., and are higher than the two glass suppliers with similar 100-year experience.
The industry has long-term process attributes, from silicon sand to floating, to equipment to full-chain self-control, increasing profit margins. Compared to domestic suppliers, it has well-developed industrial chain layouts and scalding advantages, allowing for chain coverage from silicon sand to equipment to floating methods, and self-sufficiency in increasing car glass profit margins.
Silicon alluvial silicone coverage has not been disclosed, and Shinji Glass started operating the Guangxi silicon alluvial mines in 2020 on a significantly different scale than Fukuyo. And compared to overseas suppliers, Fyo has a superior domestic industrial chain, with domestic car pvb membrane suppliers such as Destai producing pvb powder to break the United States of America’s Dubon, Japan, and Japan.
At the start of the company, the company purchased high-quality offshore equipment production lines, and raised money on the market to buy a full automatic glass product using $12 million yuan in Glastekping, the United States of America.
Production line 1 and its accompanying engineering facilities to further enhance the manufacturing capacity of car glass. Fukuyo started to build his own equipment in 2000 when he built a long spring factory, and Fukuyo preprocessed, shaped, filmed, packaged four processes.
At the same time, the equipment is tailored to the needs of the company: going out to sea is synchronized with high-value-added products. At present, domestic car parts and components players are generally accelerating.
The overall production capacity of firms is about 60%, new forces and departments of the United States, Germany, and Korea are underutilized, overall capacity pressure is high, and companies that depend on car companies for their survival are exposed to shifting price pressures or stock build-up risks, with an internal volume feature. The domestic zero industry is accelerating out of the sea in search of a new growth curve.
It's a new phase of globalisation. It's a domestic component, leading the world, and the company has now completed the construction of three plants in China, the United States, and Russia, producing over 40 million units, irradiating the Asia-Europe and the Americas, covering 88% of the world's automobile production market.
36% + market share, with more than 70% of the domestic pre-package market, 30% of the North American pre-package market, 20% of the European market, taking into account that the post-package market typically accounts for about 10-15% of the pre-package, and that there is still much room for development in the domestic repackage and overseas pre-package. Looking ahead, the company’s new production capacity in the United States continues to be released, and high-value-added overseas products are available.
The Bureau has further improved that the global share of companies is expected to reach more than 40%, while the value of the cumulative products continues to rise, and performance is shown in figure 80: The share and goals of the global market are to be glorified, and the North American region is to contribute to the second round of accelerated growth.
The North American region has been accelerating out of the sea since the construction of plants in 2013, which have further enhanced company competitiveness in the oem market, the upgrading of the pre-loading customer structure, the release of new production capacity covering the plating of car glass lines, steel traps, and the production of lacuna windows. The value of overseas products is expected to accelerate with the customer and product structure.
Continuous delivery and accelerated growth of corporate performance. Figure 81: Fulfilling America’s performance as a result of semi-annual scale effects. Figure 82: Fulfilling North America’s cycling value continues to rise
Looking backwards, there is still some room for improvement in the volume analysis of Europe, Europe, and the United States. Fukuyo now owns 36% of the world’s market share, with China’s share of preloading at more than 70%, there is still room for improvement, and the share rises.
Fukuyo now holds only 20% of the market share in Europe, and there's some room for improvement in the outlook, considering that San Goban still has more competitive power in Europe, and that in the longer term we have a conservative 30% share in the European region. Forward-looking technology reserves guarantee a leading edge, and company bicycle values continue to rise.
The group created a research and development team of more than 4,500 people and spent more than 4% of its annual revenues on innovative research and development, which is higher than overseas car glass taps. Today, Fukuyo achieves 100% ownership of core technology, leading or participating in the development of 53 national and international standards, and successfully resolving 13 "cricket" technology challenges in the industry.
Fukuyo Group worldwide applied for 3,377 patents, and sales of high-value-added products rose by nearly 10 pct in 2023 over the same period the previous year. From breaking technical barriers abroad to exploring future innovations, it gradually developed a new industry pattern led by glory, high-value-added products on board, and the value of one-car packages continued to rise.
Figure 83: Precious glass development costs are high, figure 84: Fukuoka's value is expected to increase continuously, the skyscreen comforts, privacy needs are raised, and there is sufficient stock for the Fyo brand.
Active layouts, plating products, have been supplied to mainstream self-owned electric smart cars. For the time being, glittered glass products can be divided into pdlc, thermally colored glass and ec-lighted glass, of which pdlc can be radiated and the panorama glass has been installed as a set of accessories in the map Free and can be modifiable at level 10 and isolated at 99%.
UV rays; heat-changed glass can customize multiple colours of glass and their colours can vary according to temperature; ec light-shifting skyscreens with low foginess, automatic transfer of intelligence sensors, insulation of ultraviolet rays, etc., using photocam ec electro-discolour technology to achieve a gradient-modified colours light with agular 001, wide aionsplus, Biya, etc.
Figure 86: Biadi seal rides ec light +low-e panorama screens with front-curve glass matching hud needs, plating products starting to get in the car. The car industry is small from the dashboard.
2d screens, with a new generation of 3d booster reality (ar-hud) that integrates images with the external environment of vehicles. Hud upgrades to driver safety are expected to continue to grow at a compound annual growth rate of over 24% (cagr) between 2021 and 2026.
The angle changes to make sure that the hud project is true, and there is a silver plating scheme for cars like Misu7 in front, which further upgrades to insulation and upgrading of front row comforts.
Figure 88: The front-stop hud speeds up the car, and it is expected that the value of the glimmered glass will accelerate from $1,000 to over $2,000. The glimmers have now made breakthroughs in the core technical areas of the car, key glass-forming processes and equipment, glass antennas, plating, photovoltaics, etc.
We'll continue to develop lightly quantified super-bullet glass, plating glass, looking up glass, ultra-segregated glass, wired eccentric 5g glass, smart pan-screen glass, and so on. At the end of the vehicle, it's shown that the sky is upscaled, front plating Hud is upgraded, side windows are upscaled to soundproof glass, with a single car value of $1,000 from the previous one.
Our profit projections are based on the following assumptions: Autoglass business: the company’s core business is car glass products, and the company is in China, Russia, and North America.
Production, North America, Russia, mainly for local operations, and China ' s regional output covering regional needs in China, Europe and the United States, we expect to follow with 1) the company ' s increasing share of pre-loading in North America; 2) the domestic market share continues to rise; 3) the company ' s branding and the rising value of its bicycles as a result of product upgrading are expected to drive the company.
On the other hand, the company has continued to promote efficiency gains, adding to the continued optimization of efficiency in North America, accelerated economies of scale, profit, floating glass business: the company's floating glass is used mainly to supply car glass production, taking into account the continued production of the float furnaces once they have been ignited, mainly following the simultaneous expansion of the vehicle glass production capacity, and we expect the business to be stable.
Overall, on the basis of the above assumptions, we expect a 24/25/26 harvest of the Glossy Glass, respectively, and on the basis of the above assumptions, we expect a 2024/2025/2026 operating income of the Glossy Glass, respectively, as shown in table 20: Scenario analysis (optimism, neutrality, pessimism)
Taking into account the company's business characteristics, we use both absolute and relative valuation to estimate the company's fair price, which is a global car glass lead company that continues to push overseas expansion. Based on this judgment, we assume that: 1; the company's rising share abroad; the steady release of new production capacity; and we expect that the company's revenue will remain relative.
Stable growth, followed by a gradual slowdown in the same rate of growth with the increase in the size of the harvest; 2 - Realization of branding effects, gradual realization of the scalability effect, coupled with the release of new productive capacity and fluctuations in the company ' s Māori ratio, with economies of scale driving down the company ' s administrative, R&D and sales costs rates;
A sensitivity analysis of the absolute valuation, which is more sensitive than the wacc and constant growth rates, is presented in the following table. Fukuyo is the absolute leader in the car glass industry, and the rest of the country’s companies covering the car glass business include platinum,
Shinyo and others are not the same size as the company, and we choose to speed up the trip to the sea with a clear competitive advantage within our own track, with a stellar stake, a Topper group, a Triad mind control, and Kobuda as comparable companies. Starwoo shares: the company’s core product is the headlights, the smart car layouts are smart executives, and the client covers a single gas.
The public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the German BMW, the general car, the car, the car, the car, the car, the car, the ideal car, many high-quality domestic and foreign car-making enterprises, with their client structures covering internal capital, joint ventures, foreign companies.
Integrated and collaborative efforts in electronics manufacturing, supply chain management, etc., to further deepen the intelligent layout of automobiles through intensive collaboration around the deployment of artificial intelligence technologies and high-performance smart visual products.
Stabilizing gains in support of company R & D expansion; light-quantized chassis and heat management (second-level) is Tupou, a core asset that is key to the growth of current performance; as well as ibs, eps, skyscrapers, cabins, robotic implementers, etc., based on the extension of power control, software, precision manufacturing, etc.
New growth in the future. The company initially tied up the Shanghai commons to build up collaborative and synchronized research and development experience, gradually increasing the number of autonomous brand clients in 2017-2019; following up on the advantages of platform-based supply + timely response + ongoing development, the household structure continued to make a critical breakthrough, creating a new energy brand (Texra, New Forces, Kinkang, Rivian, etc.)
+ Autonomous brands (Biadi, Jili, I, etc.) are high-quality, solid client matrices. Three-bit smart controls, with the application of heat pump technology and heat management system products at their core, have been upgraded from mechanical products to the development of integrated systems control solutions for electronic control, and have been established to date with a focus on thermal management products.
Parts and components, horizontal product product-type expansion (valves, pumps, radiators, components, etc.) and vertical industry expansion (housepower, commercial refrigeration, automobiles, storage energy, etc.). Overseas production bases have been established in the United States, Poland, Mexico, Viet Nam, India, etc., with global delivery capacity.
Cobuda: Kobuda started with light-controlled products, and worked with clients such as the general public for many years and with high resource quality. In the trend towards car intelligence, the company expands a variety of small and medium-sized microelectric controls (light skyscraper controllers, suspension controllers), smart implementers (control of electromagnetic valves, relays, etc.), domain controllers (management and control of various kinds of ecu, sensors, etc.)
In 2024, the company will take a step to speed up the globalization process, with 43 new targeted projects, such as BMW, Benz, Odys, Commins, Ann's Man, Odys, a red flag, a new driving force in North America, and so on.
Seventy-five million sales over the life cycle; in 136 projects, it is estimated that more than 280 million sales over the life cycle. Investment proposal: to recommend on a continuous basis a global champion glass on a high-quality track, maintaining a “better than the city” rating.
Core competitiveness and certainty of future performance growth in dimensions, such as value-added product areas, with short-term benefits for North America in terms of accelerated improvements in profitability and continued cost reductions; medium-term benefits for the high market share, low customer concentration, and high certainty of performance growth in the context of rapid growth of global car firms in the medium term.
In North America, domestic enrichment, such as Fuching and Fertilizer, is expected to open up a new cycle of production, and, with the extension signal, the global market share of the company ' s car glass business is expected to continue to rise; in view of the large trend of intelligence in the long term, the car estate is expected to increase the use of the car glass (area) from 4 to 6 square metres; and 2) the value of the single square metre is expected to increase.
Upgrades (plating, insulation, browsing, hud, luminous, 5g communications, etc.) from $600 to over $2,000. With car glass, web connection opening up new horizons, industry is expected to continue to improve. Considering the significant improvement in the company’s offshore profitability, we have raised the profit forecast, and the company is expected to realize a net return on its mother for 24-26 years.
Absolute valuation risk: We have applied absolute and relative valuation methods, combining multiple perspectives to arrive at a reasonable valuation of the company, but the valuation is based on relevant assumptions, in particular the calculation of the company ' s average weighted capital cost (wacc) from cash flow over the next few years, tv ' s assumptions and comparative company estimates
The selection of value parameters integrates individual judgements, leading to a risk of bias in the valuation, specifically: 1) the risk of high free cash flow calculations over the next 10 years, possibly due to optimistic estimates of income and profit growth over periods of corporate visibility and semi-dominantity;
2) The weighted average capital cost (wacc) has a very significant impact on the firm ' s absolute valuation, assuming a no-risk interest rate of 2.4 per cent and a risk premium of 6.5 per cent in the calculation of the wacc, and there may still be a risk of an overvaluation of the company ' s valuations due to a low estimate or margin for these parameters;
And then there's a big negative change, and the company's continued growth is actually very low or negative, which leads to the company's valuation relative to valuation: Foyo is the absolute leader in the car glass industry, the rest of the country covering the car glass business is not the same size as the company.
Sales and prices are expected to be optimistic, thus overestimating the risk of performance over the next three years. This estimate is low, and Maori overestimates, leading to a risk that the forecast of corporate profitability will be higher than real.
Trade protectionism and the risk of trade friction: the company ' s share of overseas revenues is 45 per cent, the North American industry profile has been increased in recent years, if subsequent trade frictions have intensified, or if regulatory requirements of offshore affiliates ' laws and taxes in the country or region have changed negatively, will make corporate governance coordination more difficult and lead to business management
Risks that have an adverse impact on the performance of companies. Risks of upturns in shipping freight and raw material prices: company car glass production is concentrated in China and the United States, Europe, the United States and other regions rely on sea transport for export, which may affect company production if future shipping costs continue to rise.
If the price of raw materials is high in the future, the company will have some pressure on the company’s profitability if it has measures to deal with it. Technological progress and the risk of product renewal: the automotive glass industry continues to rise with the need for intelligence, etc.
The Division has a wealth of product development and manufacturing experience and has focused on research and development of new technologies and new products over the years. Research and development of new technologies and new products cannot be financed unless the company is able to sustain research and development in the course of the development of new products or to develop products compatible with new models in a timely manner.
The risk of brain drain from key technologies: company high-value-added products, core barriers to advanced equipment production.
There will be increasing competition for skilled professionals. If companies do not continue to provide effective incentives in terms of remuneration, treatment, etc., in the future, there will be a lack of appeal to skilled personnel, which may lead to the loss of existing core technical staff, which will have a significant negative impact on the company’s productive operations.
Companies’ sales are closely related to the sales of the terminal car market, which may have a negative impact on the company’s revenue if policy fluctuations affect the terminal’s demand. Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author