North American business continues to improve, with product and production resonance starting a new cycle of global growth. 2402 corporate revenues outpaced the global industry by 19 pct and net profit from the mother by 10%.
Glass 20,2402 achieved $9,504 million, corresponding to +19.12 per cent, ring + 7.56 per cent, year-on-year increase over industry 19 pc (24q2 global vehicle output is close to equal, ring +3.21 per cent); net profit of $2,111 million (exchange gain of $74 million), corresponding to +9.84 per cent, ring + 52 per cent; and operating profit.
At the end of the scale, the company sold 140 million square metres of glass in 23 years, equivalent to 4 square metres per vehicle.
35.4 million vehicles, an increase of 10% in the same year, a global vehicle sales of 87.24 million in 23 years, assuming that the back-loading market accounts for 10-15% of the pre-package market, and the company ' s global market for car glass accounts for 36% + . The company is active in Fukugi, Anhui, North America, and is expected to start a new cycle of production capacity and continue to strengthen the company ' s headlines.
Light glass, head-up glass, ultra-segregated glass, light-quantified super-slender glass, plating glass, steel.
The value of the car glass industry is estimated at more than 7% for 24-26 years.
Glossy Glass (600660.0.sh) - Second quarter Māori rises in co-op, Autoglass Investment Proposal: Upward profit forecasts, maintaining a "better than the big city" rating. The company is the global front of the car glass, Fry Glass (600660.0.sh) - 8% increase in quarterly receipts by the same year, car glass sheets.
In the general trend of intelligence, car glass is expected to increase from 4 square metres to 6 square metres; 2) single square metre value increases (plating, insulation, wrapping, hud, light, 5g communications, etc.), one car set increases from 600 to about 1,000 dollars in the current year, with a forward outlook of over 2,000 dollars.
Netization opens new horizons, and the industry is expected to continue to rise. Considering the growth in the share of high value-added products of companies, and the progress made abroad, we have raised profit projections, with companies expected to maintain a 60% share of their net return earnings in 24-26 years, and maintain a “better than the big market” rating.
2402 corporate revenues went beyond the global industry by 19 pccs and net profits from the global industry by 10%. Fortune Po, 2024q2, received $9.504 billion, compared to +19.12 per cent, ring to 7.56 per cent, yield to +1 billion, compared to 7.49 per cent and ring to 35.57 per cent; net profit deductions from non-repatriated mothers amounted to $1,984 million, compared to 66 per cent.
Ring + 24%. From the point of total profit, glass 2024q2 totals 2,431 million yuan, corresponding to +10.20%, ring +43.42%. We analyse factors such as a significant increase in or a decrease in the net interest-rate ring ratio of F off operations, sustained improvements in domestic and North American profits, and management of profit.
Figure 2: First-quarter operating revenue and the same-year growth rate of 2402 companies outpaced the domestic automobile industry by 15 pct. Since 2013, annual Fukuga camps have seen their annual growth rate and quarterly rate fluctuations similar to that of the domestic car market industry, with the rate of growth in the business at the same rate as in the domestic car market.
Figure 5: Comparison of the rate of increase in vehicle/car fleet production and the rate of increase in glass camp, Figure 6: Comparison of the rate of increase in vehicle/car fleet production and the rate of increase in glass camp, by quarter, we analyze the benefits of improved corporate profitability from economies of scale, efficiency gains and the cost of raw materials.
Six stages have led to a new phase of growth. The automotive glass industry has become oligarchic, with a combined global market of more than 75% for glass, San Goban, twilight and titanium, a global leader with a global share of more than 35% and a domestic market share of more than 70%.
The core competitiveness of glass lies in the ability to manage the benefits of rapid reproduction of production capacity, vertical extension of the industrial chain and concentration on the carbs, such as self-researching equipment, which is reflected in the company ' s high Maori, high market share, retrospectively, and we believe that the core competitiveness of the company is formed at the following critical points in time. 1) Key car glass in 1987; 2)
In 1995, it focused on the auto glass industry, accelerating the expansion of capacity and laying the global market layout; (3) the withdrawal of Sango Ban from the Chinese market in 1999 and the continued advancement of the global strategy by Fukuyo; (4) the extension of floating glass to improve the autonomy of the industrial chain; (5) the acceleration of the trip to the sea in 2011, with overseas plants providing a global vehicle company; and 6) the positioning of the global car glass in 2020.
At the top, with a market share of 28%, the city’s share has continued to grow, and by 2023, its performance has increased, and overseas earnings have entered a completely new phase. At the end of the spectrum: a new cycle of expansion of capacity is set in motion, with a sustained increase in the global city’s share expected.
In 2023, the company sold 140.16 million square metres of glass, converted by 4 square metres of glass per vehicle, as compared to 35.4 million vehicles equipped, cf. Marklines data, 87.24 million vehicles sold globally in 2023, measured at 10 per cent of vehicle sales based on post-sale market demand, and 36.5 per cent of the company ' s global market for car glass, corresponding to 36.5 per cent.
+0.15 pct. Automobile sales with glass are measured for reference purposes only; 3. Post-sale market demand is measured by 10% of preloading)
There are about 32.5 million units of production in the country, accompanied by the construction of floating French lines such as Fukugi, Tombaki, Fertilizer, etc. Considering the domestic burden of domestic sales and exports in Europe and the United States, the company is actively expanding the Fertilizer and Fukugi plants and is expected to invest 3250 million yuan in the construction of 20.5 million square metres of gas, given the high demand for Fukugi glass and the high capacity of the company.
The scale of car safety glass production; $5.75 billion in compost for the construction of 26.1 million square metres of car safety glass and two high-quality floating glass production lines. 5.5 million units of production capacity are available in North America, and new factories are expected to accelerate the completion of high-value-added products in North America.
In North America, the Department’s investment in a car glass production base in Ohio, the United States, began production in August 2015, and the company’s largest global car glass monolithic plant in Ohio, the United States, began production in October 2016.
With an existing national capacity of 5.5 million units (15% R & D), the state of Ohio in North America is expected to start production by the end of this year and early next year to improve the layout of high-value-added production lines in North America.
U.S., Chrysler, Modern, B.S. 2017 US$ 200 million car glass in Illinois, North America. 22 million m2 car safety glass project in 2016.
The U.S.A. plating car glass line, steel-coated meringue common, Chrysler, modern, Ben, North America $3 billion of Ohio '2022 window line.
Toyota, Toyota, the public, BMW, etc., put in a two-line kiln (Float Glass Production Line), four solar backboards in the U.S.A., $350 million Float Glass, Illinois, North America, 2022.
The glass-drying production line, the plant and the accompanying infrastructure, we believe that this increase in capital is expected to open a new cycle of capacity, and will continue to boost the company’s head business, the inhalation effect, and the global market share of corporate car glass operations under the extension signal is expected to continue to rise.
Price: Continued research and development, higher value-added product share, car glass is the largest part of a bicycle, large skyscreen and intelligent application space, and the area of the car is expected to increase simultaneously. The size of the car glass has reached 4 m2 in the '90s, and has passed the modery pair.
The growth of the need for skyscreen glass, open panorama windows, etc., has now reached 5 m2 or more, becoming the largest spare parts for the use of bicycles, we're counting the first 55 models sold in the first half of this year with the skyscreen (unopenable and larger than 0.5 m2) at 15% and the big skylight at 15%.
With 47%, the glass area of the bicycle is expected to continue to rise, while smart glass, such as smart light, heat insulation, is expected to speed up getting in, and provide intelligent driving experiences, such as smart car lights, smart interiors, and so on, with a vast space in the bovine market. The glazing glass has kept a high investment in new products.
Inputs, corporate R & D investments have grown from 155 million yuan in 2010 to 1,403 million yuan in 2023, and the Division has set up centres for smart innovation, created smart network innovation teams, quickly developed and managed to break through core technical areas such as car glass, key plastics and equipment, glass antennas, plating, photovoltaics, etc.
Lightly quantified ultra thin glass, platable plating glass, glass up display, ultra-segregated glass, etc rfid5g glass with a web-wire antenna, intelligent panorama glass, etc., provide users with a new green intelligence, energy-efficient and safe driving experience.
Research and development of innovation and technology leads the company to upgrade its glass products. The company continues to push the car glass towards “safe, energy-efficient, environment-friendly, fashion-friendly, intelligent integration” in the first half of 2024.
High-value-added products such as hot glass, steel-coated glass account for +4.82 pct, up from 30% of income in 2015 to more than 50%. With high value-added glass penetration, we measure the value of car glass industry single cars, estimated at more than 7% in 2024-2026.
Silver-plated glass with a premium on physical value and insulation is expected to speed up the front-loading and skyscreens and bring in the next day of the skylight. The window will be in a state of heavy sun, with a high cost of the lighting glass option, a relatively flat rate of increase in configuration, and a silver-plated glass will be able to solve the insulation problem to some extent, while the cost will be more radiant.
It's supposed to be the next appliance, silence, comfort, protection against ultraviolet radiation, protection of the skin, protection against the aging of the interior.
Windshields, skylights, replacement of outer antennas, more beautifully equipped with flowlines; high reception sensitivity; ultra thin antennas, insulation, insulation, heating, front windshields, back windshields.
Differentiated schemes; long-lasting without environmental impacts; reflective infrared, reducing internal temperature to up to 10°c; ultra thin, insulated, heated, lightened front windshield, door glass, behind
When used, it can be reduced by up to 50 per cent; damage to car interiors from ultraviolet light can be reduced and the useful life extended.
The front windshield, doorglass, back thinner, insulation, sound insulation, rain sensors, camera areas are targeted for heating.
Windshields Lower body weight, reduce fuel consumption, reduce CO2 emissions, door glass, back windshield
Airlights, soundproofing, heating, hot anti-door glass, windshield, semi-steeled membrane, anti-piracy, safer, silent, multifunctional.
Shooting, solar, radiating, abominable windows.
Contaminants such as dust on glass, mud, car waxes, oil pollution, personalized modulation of glass luminescence to enhance user experience; effective promotion of privacy to ensure that users are too thin, insulated, door glass, rear windshield, day
Intelligent light, multiple colours available to enhance user experience; softer atmosphere within the vehicle; and light modem at night
By converting solar energy into electrical power, providing energy for vehicle appliances; reducing fuel consumption; without shielding the super-observation, the view above is perfect; and the sounding of the light is excellent, magnifying the atmosphere, heat insulation, sound insulation, and sun skylights inside the vehicle.
In the panorama skylights, create a wonderful driving experience that combines all kinds of fabrics, and is beautifully shaped; it can be flat, beautiful, wind-like.
The front windshield, the doorglass, the back adornment are integrated into the glass, which prevents smallness; it displays a colourful, high-lighted look.
Windshields, skylights can display mirrors with high light effects and splendor; model designs are free; and car bodies can be suspended, stand-alone highs.
Top effects; guided track structure, which provides direction for glass lifts and drops; flat windows with a simple look; windows, including adornment, with a high level of gold and a small wind barrier.
(i) Window seals: waterproof dust, soundproofing noise, forming the body of the vehicle with better user experience
(c) Simplified total vehicle assembly process with a glass-sided view, track and glass-like structure;) easy-to-assemble module: fast-tracking, efficient and easy-to-loading.
Active glass windows, enhanced air flow; easy access (for the back of the pickup); manual with door glass, back windshield always made from slide windows
Electric openings are coupled; flat or fault-shaped appearances can be achieved. Two-thirds layers of silver film are provided in the middle of a laminated glass, further to the skyscreen, front door.
Silver glass plating, looking forward to the future, using Hud (the popular meb/the new platform of the Great Wall, etc.), full glass roofs (Texla, peng, etc.), and light glass as an appliance, the automobile glass industry is expected to continue to be mentioned in the context of electric intelligence.asp
I. We believe that, with its insulation, sound insulation, entertainment, safety, etc., the radiator glass will give more functionality to the landscape glass. The radiator glass product is comprehensive, supplied to the mainstream, the brand-owned electric smart car. At present, the modulated glass product can be divided into pdlc light glass, the thermal color-changer.

With low fog, automatic insulation of intelligence sensors, insulation of UV, etc., and with optical game ec electro-continuing techniques, to achieve a gradientd change of color modulation light in polar helium 001, wide gas aionsplus, Biadi seal, etc. 3) Insulated UV: coupled with plating film
And low-e technology, UV isolation is high at 99.9% and infrared isolation is high to figure 17: Freepdlc luminous plus plating panorama
Figure 18: Biadi seals carrying ec light +low-e panorama investment proposal: sustainable recommendation of global leadership glass on high-quality track, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Industry opportunities revolve around 1) incremental/upgraded parts and components in the context of motor intelligence; 2) autonomous rise production
Two main lines of the chain are active. Under the main line of incremental/upgraded parts, car glass is naturally captivated (occupying one third of the surface of the car and surrounding the crew), prior upgrades are centred around front-hudization, top-of-the-scenes penetration, and in the medium term, forward car glass is expected to become the mass at the end of the car's ecological application.
According to the output carrier (the amount of information outside the control screen), there is a huge growth space (one-car value from 700-1500-3000+).
For global car glass taps (36% + for 23 years), the profitability is much higher than the global competitor. Short-term performance is expected to grow robustly; medium-term growth in the company’s multi-capitalization of North America, domestic Fuching, Fertilizer, etc., is expected to open a new cycle of capacity, and the global market for corporate car glass operations, with the expansion signal, is expected to continue to rise.
IL; Long-term dimensions, where the company is the global engine of car glass, with a high trend of intelligence, car glass is expected to increase from 4 to 6 square metres (areas) to 1, single-car glass usage, and 2) flat-metre value increases (film, insulation, wrapping, hud, light modem, 5g communications, etc.), and vehicle-pack value increases from $600 to about 600 to date
A thousand dollars, with a forward outlook of more than 2,000 dollars. The car glass, net connection, and the industry's raised profit projections are better than the city's rating. Considering the company's rising share of higher value-added products, the value of overseas is 21 times higher, and the company's leadership in the area of car glass is expected to benefit fully from the smarting of the cars.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject