Recreational repairs continued, retail transitions advanced, and the Beijing Bank continued to repair three quarters of its profitability, with a single-season increase of 9.15 per cent, leading to an upswing in the previous three quarters. The company’s retailing strategy steadily advanced, with retail customers and aum growing faster.
We believe that companies have a high-quality retail customer base, that retail services are not growing at all, and that the retail transformation also helps to optimize the company’s revenue spreads and structure. Profit repair continues, and retail transformation progresses.
The Beijing Bank increased its revenue by 9.15 per cent on a one-month basis in the third quarter and by 2.68 percentage points to 3.24 per cent on a year-on-year basis in the first three quarters. Other non-interest income increased by 15.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis in the first three quarters and is expected to result from gains on bond transactions and valuation fluctuations; net interest income increased by 0.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis, compared to the first half of the year.
At 0.7 percentage points, we believe that we have benefited from an improvement in the ring ratio of interest differentials, which, according to the calculations, has increased by 3 bp in the three quarters. The net revenue from fees for the first three quarters, while falling by 23.0 per cent in the same year, has been reduced by more than the first half of the year.
The number of retail clients at the end of the third quarter of the Bank of Beijing increased by between 1.55 million and 2.513 million at the beginning of the year, and retail aum by between 9.3 and $84.72 billion at the beginning of the year. Of this amount, retail loans and retail deposits increased by 11.2 per cent and 8 per cent respectively at the beginning of the year.
Up to 38.15%. Net revenue from retail sales of companies increased by 27% in the previous three quarters, asset quality indicators for wealth groups were robust, capital replenishments were issued for long-term debt, and the Beijing Bank ended three season bad rates ranged from 1 bp to 1.44% at the end of the two seasons, and the provision coverage was higher than at the beginning of the year.
8.7 percentage points to 225 per cent. Companies are selected on a system-critical bank list and are expected to raise their capital.
The downside of the economy led to a deterioration in the quality of assets that was more than anticipated, and regulatory controls that were more than anticipated. The Beijing Bank published the 3rd Quarterly Report 2021, with net profit returns for the first three quarters equal to +9.73% (vs in the first half of the year, +9.28%); the income from the same period to +3.24% (vs in the first half of the year, +0.56%). The previous three quarters had annualized roa 0.82%; and annual roe 11.34%, an increase of 0.55 percentage points by the end of the three quarters.
The three-quarter profit-making capacity of the Bank of Beijing continued to be repaired, with a single-season increase of 9.15 per cent and an increase of 2.68 percentage points to 3.24 per cent over the previous three quarters. Other non-interest-bearing income increased by 15.3 per cent over the previous three quarters and is expected to result from gains on bond transactions and valuation fluctuations. Net interest income increased by 0.1 per cent over the previous three quarters and 0.7 percentage points over the previous half.
We believe that we have benefited from an improvement in the ratio of interest differentials. According to our calculations, the ratio of interest differentials at the end of the company ' s three-quarter period has been raised by 3 bp. The previous rate has been raised by 3.15 percentage points. Against the background of better asset quality pressure, the cost of credit in the company ' s three-quarters is 8 bp to 1.38% below the same time, with the retail transition continuing, with an increase in size and income contribution.
The retail transition of the Bank of Beijing has progressed steadily since 2021, with retail customers increasing by 1.55 million to 2.513 million at the end of the three seasons, and retail customers by 9.3 to $84.72 billion at the beginning of the year. Of this amount, retail loans and retail deposits grew by 11.2 per cent and 8 per cent, respectively, faster than at the beginning of the year.
Net revenue increased by 27% over the same year, and wealth increased by 87% over the same year, maintaining a rapid growth trend. We believe that companies have a high-quality retail base, space for retail business development, and progress in retail transformation can also contribute to the optimization of the company’s spread and income structure.
The failure rate at the end of the three seasons was further down, ranging from 1 bp to 1.44 per cent at the end of the two seasons to 3 bp at the beginning of the year. The company ' s provision at the end of the three seasons was 225 per cent, an increase of 8.7 percentage points from the beginning of the year, and 3.3 percentage points at the lower end of the three seasons. The company ' s successful system-critical bank name, the Beijing Bank, continued its three-quarter profit recovery, which increased by 9.15 per cent on a one-quarter basis, driving the growth in the previous three quarters.
A little more steady progress, retail customers, faster growth in size, and higher income contributions. We believe that companies have high-quality retail customers, and the downside of the economy leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected. As a pro-cyclical sector, banks have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development.
Under the 2020 epidemic, supervision guided banks to give way to the real economy and continued their economic development policy in 2021, but if interest-rate regulation were to be expected by the supermarket, it would affect the bank’s profitability performance.
Income statement (Billions of yuan)