A China Oil (601857.sh) incident evaluation report released by China Petroleum in 2022 and one quarterly report in 2023: the company in 2022.
The current revenue was $323,367 million, an increase of 23.90 per cent over the same period; net return to the mother, 6.02 per cent; net return to the mother, $4,363 million, an increase of 12.17 per cent over the same period; and higher net profit innovation in the oil and gas price hub.
In 2022, the company ' s performance increased significantly, mainly as a result of the increase in the prices of most hydrocarbon products, with the average realized prices of crude oil, petrol, diesel and kerosene, respectively, for source, refining and new materials, sales and natural gas.
The international crude oil market maintained a tight balance between supply and demand in 2022, and the price of crude oil remained high. The company seized the advantage of rising oil prices, increased efficiency exploration, focused on increasing oil and gas reserves, maintained a green low-carbon transition, and strictly controlled costs.
Use, operating profits of $21.67 billion, an increase of 34.4 per cent over the same period, resulting in significant efficiency gains and a sustained increase in profitability. 2023q1, with the company achieving an average crude oil price of $75.98 per barrel, a decline in the same year.
The company ' s business performance continued to grow, with net interest rates rising to 6.62 per cent (year-on-year +1.02 pct). In terms of operations, oil, gas and new energy sources, refining and new materials, sales, and gas sales, respectively, achieved operating profits of 40,996 million.
The company will further control its costs, improve its efficiency and profitability on a continuous basis, and the company’s valuations are expected to continue to be repaired under China’s speciality valuation system.
The company’s new energy business is being developed at full speed and integrated with the depth of the oil and gas business.
With 25 million square metres of heating and 8 million tons of coal/year for new energy development. With the full implementation of the carbon peak action programme, the corporate green low-carbon transformation will progress steadily and the new energy business is expected to remain profitable.
In the future, the company will take full advantage of its unique crude oil resources and plant installations, increasing the use of low-sulphur bunkers, paraffins, lubricant oil, asphalt, etc.
Production capacity; optimization of the supply of ethylene raw materials, efforts to increase the production of high-value-added chemical products, and intensive development of new materials operations; investment in rapid refining business transformation and upgrading, persistence in reducing fuel increases and oil increases, and continued expansion of the leading edge and consolidation of the refining dragons
Headlines. As the smelting silos return, and the downstream demand is gradually warming, the public output release is expected to open up the incremental space of the smelting business. Economic downsliding; large fluctuations in raw material prices; less than expected productive capacity; downstream
Demand is not as high as expected; the prices of the company's products are highly volatile, etc. Introduction by the Chemical Industry Group, The Strategy and six years of new energy research experience.
Liu Han: I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for any of the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See. For all the consequences of relying on or using this report, Chinese securities and their associates are: