I don't know, petrochina (601857) with soebeingrevalued, the oilandgasgiant waitstotakeoff
It's not like I'm the only one who's in the middle of it.
#integrationinvestmentthesis
Nationalpoliticsdreasedvesandprodition, andwithoilpriceshing athighlevels, petrochina'suppreambusinscessisdeverevevesteadily.policy:we expectoilpriestorenamentiglevesin2023.1)
I'd like to thank you for your help, and I would like to thank you for your help.
I don't know what you're talking about, but it doesn't make sense to me, but it does make sense to do aperiodofdecline; soopec+countrieshave readtheirproducelits; uscrudeoil productionisgradualrecovering, but the incluseinoutputation, wilayaverenalnualinnualowerthanpre-pandemic
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know, excepting overseatiffence.policy: aschinais promoting theupgradefor refining companyies, thegrovethinsubstantialredicated.petrochina's refiningandchemicalsecondviewspromosisastheseveralkeyrefiningandchemicals
I'd like to ask you a question, please, please.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, except for the fact that the executivequotaforfineddoilproductsisinreasing. we're concerned about petrochina's timesticandoverseesprofisesintheotherfiningandchemicalssetorise.
ethylene: chinarelievialyonimportsofethylene.astehenry'sledethylene producer, petrochinahaslongadheredtoaninovation-drivenstrategyandhabienthe soohowsecurities international
First, firstchinatocompletetheindustrialtestofdirectcircrudeilcrawkingtoproduce brokeragelicedwouldliqueto ethylene, with acreindustrialcompetitivevantage.inaddition, refiningandchemicals
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do.
Itsemproyeesshuxianchen and jingingguo.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, either.
It's 2023-2025netprofitandepsto catalysts: higher-than-expecteddomesticeconomiccomplishation forstate-downenterprises; inhighhlevelofofoilprices; increasportquotasfor
It's not like we're going to do this, but we're going to have to do it.
Indemandforrefineddoilproducts; declinedoilprice; risingoverseasnaturalgasprice.
May 30th, 2023 Chen Weibin Keyword: #Integration
▪ National policies drive up-to-date up-to-date production and oil prices to continue to operate at high levels, with robust upstream operations. Policy dimensions: We expect oil prices to remain high in 2023: 1) supply end: global upstream capital spending increases are limited, and oil prices uphill do not boost global capital spending.
Increases, but the capacity is in decline; increases in production by Oec+, with some national production reaching the limit; and a gradual recovery in crude oil production in the United States, but with a limited annual increase in production below pre-epidemiological levels. 2) Demand side: global demand for crude oil has not peaked and is still growing.
In the case of high mobile and crude oil prices, companies maintain high levels of capital spending on upstream exploration panels, efficient management of oil and gas operating costs, and move upstream operations towards high-quality development.
At the policy level: China is promoting the transformation and upgrading of the refinery, with limited potential for significant additional refining in the future. In this context, the company has a number of priority refining projects under way, and the refining of the plates will be ready in the future.
Demand will warm back. 2) Overseas: The price gap for finished products has increased and the export quota for finished products has increased. Companies are expected to increase their profits from domestic and foreign operations. For ethylene: domestic ethylene imports depend on high dependence.
New materials for new chemical products.  Policy dynamics + international gas prices are falling, and panel performance is expected to improve. At the policy level: in the future, relevant ministries will either establish a mechanism for linking prices up and down, and natural gas, with relatively uniform rules.
Foreign gas prices: since 2023, lower oil prices, warm winters, and depressed demand in Europe have led to lower international gas prices and lower costs for natural gas imports.
The company’s pb value is much lower than that of the petrochemicals, which rank well in other cities, and it is expected that the valuation will return to rational levels, driven by policy.
In particular, thanks go to Chen Sook-hyun and Kwok Jing-jung for 0.74 and 0.70 times. Considering that crude oil prices continue to be high, the post-disease economic recovery has led to faster performance growth, with first-time coverage and a “buy-in” rating.
Continued high-level operations; increased quotas for the export of finished oils; increased regulation of taxes on the consumption of finished oils; falling offshore gas prices; accelerated reform of domestic gas prices; risk of falling crude oil prices; and risk of uplifting foreign gas prices.
China Oil and Gas Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “China Oil” or “Commercial”) is the largest producer and seller of hydrocarbons dominated by China's hydrocarbon industry and one of the largest oil companies in the world.
Broadly engaged in oil- and gas-related operations are integrated international energy companies that combine domestic and foreign hydrocarbon exploration and development with new sources of energy, refining sales and new materials, support and services, capital and finance.
Oil prices are expected to remain high in 2023. Supply side, tension. In the context of the transformation of the energy structure, international oil companies continue to exercise cautious restraint in their production pace, with limited capital spending and insufficient willingness to increase production; under sanctions, Russia ' s crude oil production capacity is insufficient and will decline to some extent; and the supply elasticity of the OEC+ supply and the willingness to reduce the price of oil at the bottom is strong.
Saudi Arabia’s price control capacity has increased; the United States has experienced limited growth in crude oil production, long-standing production bottlenecks, and has shifted from the release of strategic oil stocks in 2022 to the 2023 replenishment cycle. At the demand end, growth.
Global demand for crude oil is still growing. Oil prices are likely to continue and be more stable at high levels without a major shock. Central petrochemical exploration and development plates may continue to perform steadily and well.
The construction of priority projects has accelerated, and the production of cleaner substitutes and cleaner external energy markets has proved to be effective. 3. Refining and new materials: policy tightening has improved the industry, and the performance of the plate is expected to improve.
By the end of 2021, the company had eight large refining and integrated enterprises, with a second-largest share of oil export quotas and a better outlook for overseas markets. In 2018-2022, China ' s oil-finished oil export quota remained second only to China ' s petrochemical ratio, 33.06 per cent, 32.83 per cent, 34.69 per cent, respectively.
31.38 per cent. The oil price gap for finished products abroad remains high and, in line with the liberalization of the export policy for finished products, the prospects for oil operations abroad are high, and opportunities for further release are expected. 4. Sales: oil operations have recovered and non-oil operations have accelerated.
In 2020, as a result of the new global crown epidemic, most of the company’s oil and gas products were sold down and prices fell sharply, leading to a significant reduction of nearly a third in sales. As the impact of the epidemic subsided, domestic demand for finished oil markets gradually recovered, and companies intensified their fine marketing efforts, actively developing retail and final sales.
Clients, while actively integrating domestic international markets and rationalizing the distribution and export of finished oil, quickly recovered to pre-infestation levels of 2.14 trillion yuan in 2021, a 45.4 per cent increase in the same year.
5. Natural gas sales: policy dynamics + international gas prices are falling, and the company is expected to improve its performance as the country’s leading natural gas supplier. In 2022, the company sold 26.280 billion pieces of natural gas, domestically.
The total demand for natural gas is 37.8694 billion, with companies selling 70.35% of the total domestic demand. Outsourcing and self-generating gas are about 50% of the natural gas sold by companies.