The rise in oil and gas prices has driven the release of performance, and companies have made historic profits. \triangleright \triangleright
In terms of production, the company produced 906 million barrels of oil in 2022, an increase of 2.1 per cent in the same year, and the production of 4675 billion cubic feet of natural gas, an increase of 5.8 per cent in the same year;
To achieve a price of $2684/dry cubic metres, an increase of 55.2 per cent over the same period, the cost per unit of oil and gas operation accelerates the implementation of the priority projects by building cumulatively more than 1.4 million kilowatts of wind-fire installed power units, reaching 25 million square metres of geothermal heating, new energy development capacity of 8 million tons of coal/year, and, in addition,
The company's first wind storage integrated development project, the pilot phase of the Pluso-Puso-Luguese small-distributed power cluster application in the Daeqing field, generated electricity in the course of the year. Overall, oil and gas and new energy plates were profitable to operate.
At the same time, the company insisted on a reduction in fuel growth and oil growth. The projects on the integration of petrochemical refining in Guangdong and the pre-performance of China Oil (601857.sh) in 2022 were fully completed, with production of ethylene, synthetic resin and urea for the year 741.9, 1162.0, 254.9, respectively.
2. China ' s oil (601857.sh) depth report: Source dredging flows, 41,168 million yuan, an increase of 9.1 per cent over the previous year, and chemical plate operating losses of 598 million yuan, a reduction from the same period in the previous year
3. China Oil (601857.sh) increased profits from sales at three-quarters of 2022. In the context of high oil prices, companies insisted on wholesale retailing, finished oils: high oil and gas exploration performance, short-term pressure on refining workers - 2
At the same time, in keeping with the new trends in energy consumption, the company actively promoted the creation of distribution networks such as gas stations, gas plants, power exchange stations, photovoltaic stations, Chinese oil (601857.sh), semi-annual reports in 2022, and integrated energy service stations.
5. China Oil (601857.sh) projected growth in 2021
The announcement points: Benefiting from the rise in oil prices, the company ' s 2021 industry Investment proposal: the company is a domestic oil and gas flagship, rich in upstream oil and gas resources and complete downstream industrial chain. \triangleright
The methodology and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective production, and accountability for the content and views of the report. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, recommendations or opinions in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.