Quarterly review 2023: High trade in finished oils and natural gas, 29/04 2023 Keyword: #Integration#Endrate Rate High
• A steady recovery in domestic demand for finished oils and a growth in corporate profitability as a result of trade operations. With the fall in international oil prices, domestic markets for finished oil are recovering steadily, companies seize market opportunities, enhance precision marketing, organize international trade, and continuously improve the overall efficiency of the industrial chain.
The volume of oil sold was 3,575,000 tons, an increase of 6.5 per cent over the same period, of which 27,290 million tons were sold domestically, an increase of 9.5 per cent over the same period. The operating profits of the sale business were $8,156 million, an increase of 79.0 per cent over the same period.
Continued optimization of the resource structure, control of the cost of imported natural gas purchases, and significant growth in profits from domestic gas sales and final retail operations. 2023q1, operating profits from natural gas sales of $10,136 million, creating a steady increase in oil and gas production and promoting synergies between oil and gas and new energy sources.
New energy fineness exploration, efficiency development, promotion of the integration of oil and gas with new energy sources, and expansion of new energy operations. 2023q1 achieved 452.0 million barrels of oil and gas equivalent production, corresponding to growth  high-end product development plus cost control, increasing the competitiveness of refined products.
China Oil (601857) Valuing New Materials Business maintains market orientation, promotes high-end, high-value-added product development, increases costs.
Billion dollars; 326.9 million barrels of processed crude oil, 8.1 per cent more than the same year; 2.754 million tons of finished oil produced, 5.7 per cent more than the same year: 84.91 million tons of chemical products in the first quarter, 3.5 per cent more than in the second quarter.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Based on the recovery of the domestic oil market for finished products, we adjusted the company's annual growth in corporate performance to maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board