On April 28, 2023, China Oil released its company's first quarterly report for the year 2023.
With the double increase in divisional performance of 2023q1 and the attainment of business income of $73,2471 million, the same period of decline has been marked by the same period of reversal, which has amply demonstrated the commitment to reform and implementation of excellence. Corporate crude oil and gas production has increased both, and the savings have increased: the company’s crude oil production and the day-to-day.
Large and Steady Pillars! - China Oil First Covered. However, gas production increased by 236 million barrels and 1.29 megact, respectively, by tons, and the company planned to process 175 million tons of crude oil in 2023.
At the same time, the sales of finished oils have been significantly repaired, with the sale of q1 tons of diesel fuel increasing by 11.00 per cent over the same period, and the sale of petrol increasing by 0.80 per cent over the same period, with a sustained recovery in demand for travel.
The company plans to repurchase shares, highlighting management confidence that the company has been repurchased individually or at the same time for no more than 10 per cent of the company’s issued shares of aa or h shares.
The delegation of authority, reflecting management's recognition of the company's intrinsic value, the company's performance record, the company's fundamentals, we believe that the company's business targets could be partially raised in the broader context of corporate reform.
Negative fluctuations in crude oil prices, the company ' s core competitiveness will continue to be demonstrated. We (1) have not been as fast as expected in the production of oil and gas fields: (2) risk of liberalization of the prices of finished oils: (3) risk of low end demand: (4) effect of three-way data errors: (5) impact of offshore operations
Risk: (6) Exchange rate risk. 1, 23q1 market continued to warm, with the company ' s core assets gaining significant advantage. China Oil released its first quarter report in 2023 on 28 April 2023 and its performance in 2023q1 was double.
This represents an increase of 73,241 million yuan in operating income, a decrease of 6 per cent in the same year; a net return of 43,624 million yuan, an increase of 12.10 per cent over the same year, an increase of 43.75 per cent over the ring, and a reversal in the company ' s performance over the same period in the context of a 16 per cent decline in oil prices, which has amply demonstrated its commitment to reform and implementation.
The exploration and exploitation of the company ' s upstream assets has continued to stabilize and maintain a high level of capital expenditure, with the company ' s capital expenditure guidelines for 2023 amounting to $243.5 billion, of which expenditure on exploration production capital is $195.5 billion, at a high level. 2023q1 crude oil production and natural gas production have increased by 5.07 per cent and 4.75 per cent, respectively, respectively.
In 2023, the company ' s crude oil and natural gas production guidelines were 913 million barrels and 4.89 megacreas, respectively, with a strong recovery in demand for finished oils, with 2023q1 gasoline/diesel/coal oils showing consumption of 3507/4648.6.9 million tons, respectively, a decrease of 4.94 per cent/increase of 4.65 per cent/increase of 6.06 per cent in comparison with the previous year, and a stronger recovery in diesel fuel and kerosene, respectively, with a more robust recovery of gas,
Since 2023, the price of crude oil has fluctuated at a moderate high level, followed by a steady recovery in end demand and the ongoing repair of the diesel-diesel crack price gap. As at 25 April 2023, the price differentials for diesel fuel and petrol cracks were $1168 per ton and $1.399 per ton, respectively, and the recovery was positive, and the company ' s future performance in refining oil was to be expected.
The repairs to the company’s finished oil sales plate were evident, with a rise in sales of 2023q1 diesel fuel on a year-on-year basis, q1 diesel fuel sales of 17,99 million tons, an increase of 11.00 per cent, and petrol sales of 15,669 tons, an increase of 0.80 per cent. The company’s sales of diesel fuel will be repaired as a result of the gradual recovery of the economy and the opening of the epidemic policy to boost demand at the end.
The company achieved an average crude oil price of $75.98 per barrel for 2023q1, a decrease of 11.9 per cent from the same year, and an average crude oil price of approximately $82.48 per barrel for Brunte from the beginning of 2023 to the present, with a projected medium-high oil price for the entire year 2023 and a steady performance in the stock industry. The current international crude oil supply is tight, with OPc+ declaring a voluntary reduction of 1.65 million barrels per day, and the United States crude oil production.
The volume increase is limited, and the US will continue to replenish the bank after the last release of 26 million barrels in 2023q2. Meanwhile, with the continued robustness of Europe and the United States, the recovery of the Asia-Pacific region’s mobility intensity, the continued warming of crude oil demand, and the continued maintenance of medium-high oil prices in the future, the firm’s future performance is more certain.
Figure 10: 2022-2023q1 Brent crude oil futures settlement price, in addition, the company has been authorized to buy back 10 per cent of the shares issued by the company, individually or simultaneously, up to the amount of the shares a or h each. On the one hand, the incentives have been improved to motivate the core cadre of the company and help the company to upgrade its R & D innovation.
New levels; on the other hand, they reflect management’s recognition of the company’s intrinsic value, reflecting a long-term positive trend in the company’s performance. The oil and gas fields are not as fast as expected: oil and gas fields are a long process from exploration to exploitation, in which delays in the production of oil and gas fields may occur;
The price of the finished oil is open to risk: if the price of the finished oil is liberalized and converted to market-based pricing, there is a risk of frequent fluctuations in the price of gasoline and diesel fuel, increased competition in the market, China petrochemicals and China’s monopoly position on the sale of the finished oil.3 The risk of low end demand is that the company’s operating income comes mainly from the sale of the finished oil and petrochemical products.
(a) The cyclical nature of services and related products and the downside risk of industry;
Overseas risk: a company operating in a number of countries, subject to local political, legal and regulatory environmental impacts, may be operating in an unstable state or subject to tax, import and export restrictions: Exchange rate risk: global crude oil prices are denominated mainly in United States dollars, while companies also have some of their assets in overseas markets, but public
Divisional financial statements are usually expressed in the renminbi if there is a significant fluctuation in the exchange rate between the renminbi and the United States dollar, or if there is a transfer of money to the company ' s performance