The seawater has been successfully tested for hydrogen-free in situ technology, opening up room for hydrogen-energy business growth.
On 2 June, after an on-site visit by a team of experts from the Chinese Institute of Engineering, it was confirmed that the first global sea wind-free seawater-based direct electrolytic hydrogen test at sea, carried out by the Eastern Electric Group in association with the Shenzhen University/Sichuan University team of Chei Paix, was completed at the Sea Wind Field in Fukugi Bay.
The country’s new vision for ICTs: 1) The company’s deep-deep hydrogen industry chain layout, which has grown rapidly in recent years; 2) The hydrogen industry is booming and the industrialization of in situ hydrogen technologies without desalination is accelerating, opening up room for corporate hydrogen energy growth; 3) Hydrogen energy operations continue to function, creating synergies with wind and power operations, deepening the corporate “six power mix, six industry synergy” strategic layout, and providing continuous performance growth dynamics.
The company’s deep-deep hydrogen industry chain layout, which has grown rapidly in recent years, has been dominated by Eastern Electric, which is an Eastern boiler subsidiary, and Eastern Hydrogen Fuel Cell Science and Technology, which is a major player in the hydrogen production industry, as well as the global layout of hydrogen extraction, hydrogen storage, hydrogen infusion and hydrogen applications, offering integrated solutions with hydrogen at their core.
Hydrogen extraction: The company's full-blown electrolytic hydrogen, garbage hydrogen, biomass hydrogen, industrial by-product gas purification, etc. Key technologies and core equipment are being manufactured. For hydrohydrogen, the electrolytic hydrolysis system currently has the capability to develop and design megawatt-grade pem hydrolysis hydrogen systems, and to actively promote leading hydrogen technologies such as hydrolysis direct hydrogen without desalination of sea water.
- Hydrogen storage: The company actively promotes the development of diversified hydrogen storage technologies and equipment, covering a variety of technical routes such as high pressure gas, organic liquids, and solid hydrogen storage. The company has the capacity to design fixed hydrogen storage tanks with a pressure level of 50 MPa-98 MPa and a dual-use installation, and has the capacity to integrate applications of solid storage for hydrogen installations in multiple scenarios. System products are used for power generation from the first solid state storage for hydrogen-coupled fuel cells in the country.
Demonstration project - Nansha Hydrogen Power Smart Energy Station, Guangzhou. Hydrogen injection: the company ' s autonomous investment in the construction and operation of the West Changzun City Hydrogen Plant Project, the first standardized fixed-hydrogen plant in the western highlands of China, designed with a hydrogen capacity of 500 kg/day to meet the hydrogen demand of 50 vehicles; and the Eastern Electric (Trawling Flower) Ma ' a Hydrogen Station, which was constructed
With regard to hydrogen transport, the development of a variety of vehicle-type fuel cell power system products has been achieved, matching the models of public transport vehicles, sanitation vehicles, tractors, dirt trucks, logistics vehicles, etc.
Heavy cards, etc., form a series of 40-270kw fuel cell system products, with a full set of autonomous intellectual property rights, core components, membrane electrodes, reactors, products, power density, measured lifetime, etc. Key technical indicators are at a national lead level. With regard to hydrogen supply and hydrogen storage, integrated energy supply systems products have been successfully applied to China’s China China China Power, Tri-Fed Group, Southern Network Thermoelectric Union, with a quota of more than 50% power generation efficiency and CHP.
More than 90 per cent of the efficiency of integrated energy conversion and a design life of more than 30,000 hours are available. Under the disclosure by listed companies, hydrogen energy operations have been classified as a growing industrial block, which has grown rapidly in recent years.
Since the beginning of 2023, the green hydrogen industry has flourished, investments in renewable-energy hydrogen projects have accelerated, and domestic electricity cell market demand has increased in an explosive fashion. According to data from the Hydrological Cloud Chain and Orange Hydrogen Energy Research Institute, a total of 15 electrolytic cell projects (including 13 green hydrogen projects) were launched in the country in January-May 2023, with a total of more than 576 mw in aggregate, with a base cell route of 525 mw and a pem technology route of 51mw.
According to high-tech hydrogen data, the current and planned hydroelectric hydrogen project in the country has a combined hydrogen production of more than 19gw, with a combined hydrogen production of more than 2.8gw in the green hydrogen project. High-tech hydrogen power is expected to reach 2gw in China in 2023, an increase of about the same amount.
The boom in the domestic market of radon also provides a powerful boost to research and development of radon-based technologies. The industrialization of in situ hydrogen without desalination has accelerated, opening the room for corporate hydrogen energy operations to grow, and there are technical problems with direct hydrogen production.
Hydrogen forms form mainly two different technical routes for the direct production of hydrogen by sea and for the indirect production of hydrogen by sea. Current domestic and international demonstration projects for the production of hydrogen by sea are largely based on the indirect production of hydrogen by sea, i.e., electrolytic hydrogen technologies after desalination. There are enormous difficulties in the direct production of hydrogen by sea due to the large quantities of ion, microbes and particles contained in the sea water, which can lead to by-action competition in the production of hydrogen, catalyst failure, diaphragm congestion, etc.
For centuries, teams such as Stanford University, the French National Centre for Scientific Research, Adelaide University, Australia, and the Chinese Academy of Sciences have conducted extensive exploratory research through catalyst engineering, membrane materials science, etc., aimed at decomposing the problems faced by seawater in the direct electrolysis of hydrogen, chlorine co-response, sedimentation, catalyst failure, etc., but there has been no breakthrough theory or rationale to completely avoid the complex composition of sea water versus electricity.
In November 2022, the team of the team of the team of the team of the team of the team of the team of the team of the team of the team of the team of the team released a study entitled "a membrane-basedseawatercyclerserforhydrogeneration " , which led to a mutation migration drive.
Mobilized seawater without desalinating the in situ direct electrolytic hydrogen, which is a direct electrolytic hydrogen technology with no desalination, no by-action, and no additional energy consumption. The study focused mainly on the purification of seawater in situ and its application to hydrogen production.
The design prevents the infiltration of liquid seawater and impurities ion, while using pressure differentials to cause the spontaneous evaporation of sea water into water vapour to spread through the film to the side of the electrolysis and absorb re-liquidation, from which the sea water is in situ to pure water supply hydrogen. In hydrogen production efficiency, the hydrolysis tank produces 1 standard cubic metre of hydrogen consumption.
5kwh electric power, while a standard cubic metre of hydrogen carries about 3.544kwh electric power, which is about 71% operational efficiency of the hydro-power cell.Figure 4: Direct electrolytic hydrogen-free ocean water driven by a mutation migration.Industrialization of hydrogen-based hydrogen-water-based technologies is continuing. East Electric Co. Ltd. and East Electric (Fukugi) innovation, 16 December 2022
The Institute signed a Quadripartite Cooperation Agreement with the Shenzhen University/Sichuan University team on “Exercise and Industrialization of direct electrolytic hydrogen creation technologies without desalination” to promote the application of hydrogen. The Quadripartite Cooperation Alliance will pursue a three-step strategy to promote the industrialization of direct electrolytic hydrogen technologies in seawater: 1) First step, to jointly advance the pilot demonstration at sea, to set up a marker in the field of direct hydrogen production in marine renewable energy sources, 2) Second step, to focus its efforts on the second step.
(c) Step three, which aims at global corporations working together to promote industrialization and to introduce renewable energy, such as wind and electricity, into the territorial sea, into a new industrial model for the integration of hydrogenic hydrogen from seawater. In mid-May 2023, the first global set of floats, combined with renewable energy, was developed jointly by the Eastern Electric Group and the team of Xie Pixies.
The offshore hydrogen platform, the East Fo One, is being tested at the offshore wind farm in Fujian Gang Bay. The platform is a direct electrolysis of seawater desalinization, a hydrogen sea sampler that integrates systems such as in situ hydrogen, intelligent energy conversion management, safety detection control, loading and unloading, and has been operating steadily for more than 240 hours after being tested for the marine environment of 8-degree wind, 1-metre-high waves, heavy rains, etc.
On 2 June, following an on-site visit by a team of experts from the Chinese Institute of Engineering, it was confirmed that the first-ever global sea wind-free seawater-based direct electrolytic radon technology, conducted by the Eastern Electric Group in association with the Shenzhen University/Sichuan University team of Xie Pacemen, had been successful at the offshore wind farm in Fukujing Bay. The Group concluded that water-free water-free direct electrolytic hydrogen equipment was well designed and stable, and that the test proved the feasibility of the technology.
Figure 5: Hydrogen Direct Hydrogen without desalinization in sea water from research to industrial advancement.
On a generation basis, the company is expected to follow the commercialization of the results and open the door to hydrogen energy business growth; in addition, the technology can be used in synergy with wind and power operations to deepen the strategic layout of the company's “Six Power Together, Six Industries Synergy” strategy and provide continuous performance growth dynamics.
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party’s approval or influence; and the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.