In 2022, there was a steady increase in the performance of coal-fired equipment operations and a steady increase in the income of the company ' s power supply equipment and other sources of equipment, resulting in a rapid increase in the net profit of the mother. In 2022, the company achieved a revenue of $55.4 billion.
+16% for the same year; $2.86 billion for the mother, + 25% for the same year; $2.38 billion for the non-mother, +35% for the same year.
The power supply is expected to increase at a high rate if the price of raw materials is increased by the higher demand for coal power. The power supply and the increased demand for support are expected to increase at a high rate.
The new source plan needs to be put in place to speed up the construction of the identified coal power supply, and in due course, to establish a new power reserve to secure the supply base. The company is one of the main manufacturers of coal-fired machines in the country, accounting for about 40% of the city. The company has a complete energy equipment development system and a fire power supply.
In 2022, the company’s clean and efficient energy equipment business was awarded a new bill of $21.7 billion, compared with 49%. During the Tenth-Fifty-Five period, the company is expected to benefit from increased demand for fire power equipment, opening up opportunities for profitable growth.
In 2022, an additional 68.9gw was approved, Eastern Electric (600875.sh) - accelerated delivery of stock orders, a steady increase in company performance, a 13.7gw year-round approved capacity, and a significant acceleration in project approval.
One of the major equipment manufacturers, with an overall industrially advanced level of 38% in the country, is the country’s first manufacturing company for power-generating equipment that also has the capacity to develop and debugger. This is accompanied by the Eastern Electrical-Insight Report, which builds on the technological advantages of large equipment and opens up the sea wind.
With the rapid growth of industrial installed aircraft and the build-up of ongoing projects, corporate reserve stock bookings are expected to lead to higher performance elasticity. Downstream energy-building policy support is not as robust as expected.
Corporate income has grown steadily and net profit returns have increased rapidly. In 2022, companies achieved 55.4 billion yuan, or +16 per cent in the same year; 14.8 billion yuan, or +3 per cent, or 17 per cent, in the single quarter; 350 million yuan, or 16 per cent, or 51 per cent, of net profit returns to mothers; 250 million yuan, or + 14 per cent, or 65 per cent.
The return of $113 million was the result of an increase of $171 million in the same year. $8.4 billion in net cash flow from operating activities was realized by companies in 2022, an increase of $12.8 billion in the same year, with a significant increase in net profit cash content, mainly due to marginal improvements in receipts and a significant increase in operating accounts payable.
Figure 8: Changes in the cost of company periods 16 per cent increase in total revenue in the same year in 2022, and increase in the volume of fire power operations. In 2022, the company ' s renewable energy equipment/clean and efficient energy equipment/engineering and trade/modern manufacturing services/emerging industries, respectively, generated revenue.
Of this, the company ' s coal-fired equipment business achieved operating income of $10.8 billion, a 22 per cent increase over the same period; the Māori rate of 22.6 per cent, the same as +1.5 pcts, entered the Quantified Littex, mainly due to the higher demand for coal power, which increased the price of raw materials by $65.6 billion, or +16 per cent, of which renewable energy equipment/clean and efficient energy equipment/work and engineering were awarded a new line of 65.6 billion yuan, or +16 per cent.
Energy security and support demand are increasing, and coal power construction is progressing. According to the General Institute of Electricity and Regulation, new sources of reliable security are expected to be understretched by the tight supply of electricity across the country. Plans for new sources of support, such as fire power, need to be put in place. There is a need to accelerate the development of identified coal power and, in due course, to plan a new supply reserve project to build coal.
In 2022, 100.43gw (free of waste incineration, residual residual heat pressure, etc.) was approved for the nation ' s new fire, including 79.64gw coal combustion unit, 6.11gw cogeneration unit, 12.26gw gas unit and 2.42gw cogeneration unit.
An annual coal power approval of 85.75gw, +362 per cent, and a record of single-year fire approvals since 2016, Eastern Electric is one of the major equipment manufacturers in the coal-fired unit of the country, with a complete energy equipment development system, and the annual sales of company turbine generators, power station turbines and power station boilers are 27.3/32.9/22.5gw, respectively, in the market.
According to the National Energy Agency (NEA) and the Association of Pumping Energy Industries (ACSP), we are expected to produce more than 62gw by 2025, to reach around 120gw by 2030, and to produce more than 400gw by 2035. In April 2022, the National Development Reform Commission and the National Energy Agency are expected to produce more than 400gw.
In 2022, a new 68.9gw project was approved and an additional 11.9gw was approved. A new 11.1gw was approved at the beginning of 2023.
Eastern Electric is one of the major equipment manufacturers in the country's pumping units, with an overall level of industry advanced, and some of the key technologies are internationally advanced, capable of producing water cover ranging from 50 m to 850 m, with a capacity ranging from 10 mw to 450 mw.
With the rapid growth of the industry and the build-up of ongoing projects, the company’s stock orders are expected to be advanced.
On 25 November 2022, the first national production f-grade 50mw heavy gas turbines were launched, and the advantages in the field of gas and electricity continued to be consolidated. On 25 November 2022, the first domestic class F50 megawatt heavy gas turbines with fully autonomous intellectual property rights were officially shipped, filling the gap in the application of our autonomous gas turbines.
In 2009, the company launched an autonomous research and development project for 50 mw heavy gas turbines, and over a period of 13 years, the company broke down the problems and established a complete certification and evaluation system to achieve 100 per cent domesticization of the mainframe: a complete and reliable F-class gas engine gas design, structural design and reliability assessment system;
(b) The construction of the country's first component-level testing platform, such as a pressurer, a burner, a flat, a rotor balance, etc., and consolidation. The test validation system was constructed to complete the full test of the F-50mw gas turbine;
Eastern Electric has a clear advantage in the gas and electricity market, and companies will continue to expand the H-couple market in the future, while maintaining a leader in the F-class market. In 2023, the company will maintain a steady and moderate trend, maintaining steady growth in operating income and a sustained overall profit.
Upgrade, production of electricity generation equipment is expected to be completed, with an increase of 47.72gw, representing a 32 per cent increase over the same period; the author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, is independent, objective, impartial and not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.