On August 10, Kossi announced that its 300,000 tonnes/year tdi device in Germany was chlorine-related.
The \triangleright air leak had an event of force majeure, which could not be restarted in the short term, and supply was expected to resume after 30 November. In addition, the Basve/year tdi device, located in Germany, was stopped and repaired at the end of April and has not yet been restarted.
The company is a national tdi flagship, with a significant cost advantage. After many years of development, the country has become the world’s largest producer of \triangleright, with 1.36 million tons of tdi production capacity as of 12 August 2022.
China operates 300,000 tonnes/year of smoke stations and 100,000 tonnes/year of tdi devices in Fuzhou. The company is the country’s largest supplier of tdi, accounting for 29% of the country’s output. Its single set of 300,000 tonnes/year also has a significant cost advantage in terms of size among domestic firms.
The tdi device, which will be placed after delivery, will further consolidate the vanguard position of Manchuria in the domestic tdi market. The company’s overseas supply capacity is prominent, and it is one of Europe’s three largest suppliers of tdi. The company is currently domesticated \triangleright.
The few companies that operate large manufacturing bases in Europe and the United States of America have acquired the largest chemical company in the Middle East, Hungarian Bosou, in 2010, with a strong global supply and service capability.
On August 9, 2022, the tdi of the HQ owned a capacity of 250,000 tonnes per year, and one of Europe’s three largest suppliers of tdi. We believe that the SMW is expected to benefit fully from this force majeure event, take advantage of the global supply chain and productive advantage to quickly capture market shares and realize the profitability of overseas companies.
Quanhua Chemistry (600309.sh) Biannual Performance Review 2022: six months net gain of $10 billion, fine chemicals and new materials.
\triangleright \triangleright displays 2022/07/29 tons/ton high, falling to $15,500/ton on 10 August.
An event of force majeure in one of the world’s main devices will significantly reduce local supply, contributing to a halt to the global fall in the price of tdi. Since the event, domestic prices have rebounded to $16,700 per tonne as of August 12, contributing to higher corporate performance.
Investment proposal: The industry of the size of the chemistry tdi is a leading industry with a strong supply capacity for globalization, able to fully grasp the methodological and analytical logic of \triangleright to draw conclusions, to produce the report independently and objectively and to be accountable for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.