On August 22nd, 2022, in the afternoon, the company received a communiqué: the company received the mountain in the last few days.
The Eastern Province Development and Reform Commission ' s approval of the 1.2 million tonnes/year ethylene and downstream high-end polyolefins project for the Huanhua Chemical Group Limited, agreed to the company ' s construction of the 1.2 million tonnes/year ethylene and downstream high-end polyolefins project.
Ten thousand tonnes/year polyolefin elastomer (poe) devices, 200,000 tonnes/year butadiene devices, 550,000 tonnes/year crack gasoline plus hydrogen (containing 30,000 tonnes/year styrene pumping), 400,000 tonnes/year aromatic aromatic pumping devices and ancillary engineering and utility facilities, with a total investment of $17.6 billion.
The company price is 400,000 tonnes/year compared to 300 tonnes/year. We believe that the approval of the Ethylene II project will further enhance the company’s integration and technological leadership in the petrochemical industry chain and in the field of high-end polyolefin materials.
• European gas prices continue to rise, mdi and tdi climates are expected to rise, and domestic mdi climates are expected to rise. In the near future, for technological maintenance in Russia, the “North Creek-1” gas pipeline will cease to supply gas for three days starting on 31 August, as quoted above.
Europe’s concerns about the stability of natural gas supply, Europe’s continued high prices of natural gas, and further increases in Europe’s mdi production costs.
In July of that year, China exported 82,518 tons of polymer mdi, an increase of 4.8 per cent in the same year, a decline of 29.4 per cent in the ring, and China ' s exports to Europe increased significantly in the same and ring ratio, with exports to the Netherlands increasing by 17,209 tons, or 37.7 per cent in the same year, an increase of 10.5 per cent in the ring; and exports to Russia.
Ross produced 9,838 tons, 180.1% more than the previous year, 140.6% more around the ring, and the European logic of mdi became more apparent. Coth created force majeure, and the tdi climate is expected to rise.
Tons of tdi devices due to force majeure due to chlorine leaks are expected to resume supply after 30 November. At the supply end: Global tdi did not add capacity in 2022, domestic glyphs are expected to have force majeure until November.
Installation repairs have not been re-opened, and the Vanvabc250,000tdi installation was overhauled on July 15 for 35 days. The entire European tdi supply end was heavily affected. On the demand side: performance resilience under the current 1. Cost pressure in the country, new materials.
In the low-demand season, after September, there is marginal room for demand improvement, and the price of tdi has now rebounded. Against a backdrop of high energy costs in Europe, production costs, both within and outside the country, are further.
Ladder, we believe that the tdi is in the bottom zone and that the climate is expected to improve. 3.mdi maintains a better view, multi-bureau is starting to grow, and new material plates are growing rapidly.
New material plates are currently in rapid development. The new material plate planning and construction projects involve a wide range of high-growth tracks, including adi-type materials, battery materials such as lithium phosphate, degradation materials such as plata, high-end polyolefin materials such as poe, polish fluids and polish mats, semiconductor materials, etc.
In 2022-2024, the company is expected to produce a variety of important new material products, and in the second half of 2022, nylon12 and biphenola are expected to produce. According to our projections, after the delivery of the main new material items, the new annual operating income will be reached.
With $45.6 billion, the new material plate is currently in a fast-track development phase. (1) The risks of the project being built at a slower pace than expected; (2) The risks of project approval being approved at a lower rate than expected:
(3) Risk of significant price fluctuations in raw materials: Use of legally compliant information, independent and objective presentation of the present report. Data and information used in the present report are from open market information, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained in the report will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.