The Ethylene II project was approved, and the 400,000 tonnes Poe project was industrialized in the sense that it would be HDZ (60309.sh) on 23rd of August 2022.
The company's 1.2 million tonnes/year ethylene II project was approved, the integration advantage increased, and the “buy-in” rating was maintained. On August 22, the company issued an announcement that the company's 1.2 million tonnes/yearly ethylene and downstream high-end polyolefins projects had been approved and approved by the Shandong Provincial Development Commission. The ethylene II project landed, and the company's growth space opened further.
i.e., it will be the first to break the overseas monopoly and maintain the “buy-in” rating. Poe is an important raw material for the photovoltaic film, and the company’s capacity to build is expected to break the foreign monopoly of 550,000 tonnes/year and the crack-up gasoline-hydrogen unit (containing 30,000 tonnes/year styrene), 400,000/year.
Poe proposes to build capacity from 200,000 tonnes/year to 400,000 tonnes/year, which is significantly higher than expected. Poe uses are extensive and has a wide market space in both the market-modified and photovoltaic areas. Poe membrane and epe membranes made from photovoltilepoe are water-retardant.
Capable, resistant to pid (power-induced decay) is better than eeva film, and its market demand will rise steadily in the future as global photovoltage continues to grow and penetration in the photovoltaic film continues. Poe has higher barriers to production, and currently only a few overseas countries, such as Tao-Chemical, Korea-log, Korea-Ig, Korea-sk, Exxon-Mobil, etc.
Companies have the capacity to scale their production, and companies are expected to take the lead in the domesticization of the poe, breaking foreign monopolies.
In addition, the People's Republic of China Chemical Development Report, which is expected to start production in late 2022 to the first quarter of 2023, will continue to grow.
The project for the integration of new high-performance materials and support to be built in Punley Industrial Park is expected to continue in June 2024. The company ' s multibase layout, with the approval of a second set of large ethylene devices, the core product, Poe q1, meets expectations.
Industrialization is about to take a firm look at the return of corporate values and the continuation of the process toward globalisation. The Bureau continues to push forward – the corporate update report, "Big-value-led innovation, R & D."
To Highlight the Big Original - Corporate Update