On the evening of July 28th, Manchuria released its semi-annual report for 2022, which shows that 1H2021 is the best of all.
In the first half of 2022, crude oil, pure benzene, power \triangleright
As a result, the cost of energy and raw materials for the company’s main chemical feedstocks, bc Europe, increased significantly on a year-on-year basis.33246 million yuan, or 16.99 per cent, was realized from the sales of polyurethane plates in January-June 2022, and the revenue from the Māori petrochemical series for the first time exceeded the PUR plates by 44.92 per cent, and Māori by 20.70 per cent.
Liu Hae-young has lost 57.49% in the same year. The Hungarian fully-owned subsidiary has achieved business income of $21,972 million, and the company remains relatively profitable in an unfavourable situation.
The fine chemicals and new material plates show a bright performance and overall performance is more resilient. In January-June 2022, the \triangleright Division achieved $10,441 million in sales revenue for the fine chemicals and new material plates, an increase of 58.41 per cent over the same period.
At a time when the upstream petrochemicals and other industries are under pressure for performance due to the continued high prices of raw materials, the company has for many years continued deep-ploughing and nurturing in downstream industries such as adi, special ammonium, water resin, high-performance materials, etc., and has injected greater resilience into the company’s performance.
We think the company's second-quarter profit is equal to the ring. \triangleright \triangleright.
The decline is mainly due to the unfavourable external operating environment. Companies still have a high moat and cost advantage in many of the products involved, and the industry’s lows favour competition in the industry, creating favourable conditions for a rebound in performance and a larger market share. In the medium to long term, firms still have a strong market share.
Maintaining a positive expansion, including a large number of projects such as Ethylene II, new material integration for Pengong performance, the Fujian polyurethane integration project, and the Elbow Mountain base, are moving forward in an orderly manner, and the overall collection and profitability levels of the company are expected to rise to another stage over the next 2-3 years to watch the company develop in the medium and long term.
Investment proposal: The company, as a leader in the chemical industry, has a deeper moat advantage in the polyurethane, petrochemicals and fine chemicals fields, and the firm ' s higher capital expenditure will gradually translate into the company ' s business
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.