On August 22, Mandu Chemical announced 1.2 million tons of ethylene per year and high-end conglomerates.
\triangleright The \triangleright HC Project was officially approved by the National Development Commission and the Ministry of Industry and Communications to build 1.2 million tonnes of ethylene/year and downstream high-end polyolefin projects by the Mandarin Chemical Group Inc..
Filamentation devices, 250,000 tonnes/year low-density polyethylene (ldpe) devices, 2 x 200,000 tonnes/year polyolefin fleximetric tons/year styrene pumping units, 400,000 tonnes/year aromatic pumping units and ancillary engineering and utilities, with a total investment of 17.6 billion yuan.
The latest program, Poe, was approved at the end of its three-year history, with a doubling of production capacity.
This approved programme, compared to the earlier programme, eliminates the 350,000 tonnes/year hdpe project, cancels the 500,000 tonnes/year pp project, and removes the Poe project from its original capacity.
The plan is to increase the amount of 200,000 tonnes/year to 28.2 million tonnes/year. Poe is a key material in the field of photovoltaic film.
The project will break the monopoly of multinational corporations in the field of poe.
In addition, the aromatic aromatics produced by the project will be used as the main raw material for mdi and tdi products, leading to internal consumption. We believe that the introduction of the project will enhance the company’s combined competitive advantage in new polyvinyl hydrocarbons and in the polyurethane chain.
Performance rating: six months net profit break, fine chemicals and new materials Investment proposal: company as lead in the field of new chemical materials, Ethylene II project approved for \triangleright
This report is presented independently and objectively and is responsible for the content and perspective of the report. The study clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.