Food and beverages for the present (603369) The basics of the province continue to build up, and the market outside of the province is growing in speed, and the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre (SWIRD) is growing in speed.
Events: The company published its annual report 2022 and its report for the first quarter of 23 years, which achieved gross operating income of $7.89 billion in 22 years, equal to +23.1 per cent, a net return to the mother of $2.50 billion, equal to +23.3 per cent; 23 years q1 successfully met the equity incentive requirements for the year of operations, and 23 q1 performed according to market expectations.
• The product structure continues to be upgraded and the market outside the province is growing at a sharper rate. 23q1:1 by sub-product structure, the product structure of the Tai+, Taia, a, b, c+d, and other categories of products, respectively, yields 2.430 billion yuan (+25.0 per cent) and the product structure continues to be optimized. 2 Sub-regions, Lui An, Nanjing, Sunan, Central Su, Su.
The Salt City region, the Huaihai region, and the provinces have achieved revenues of 690 million yuan (+25.4 per cent), 1.07 billion yuan (+22.1 per cent), 270 million yuan (+40.3 per cent), the strengthening of niche markets such as Huai An and Nanjing, the strengthening of the market branding climate in Su-China and Su-Nam, respectively, and the continuous increase in penetration rates in the provinces, with a sharp increase in the visibility of the provinces.
• A further increase in the Māori rate and a continued pace of spending. 23q1:1, an increase in the Māori rate for company-owned operations from 1.1 percentage points to 75.4 per cent, mainly as a result of the continued improvement in v-system sales, the steady consolidation of basic systems, the continuation of a high upward trend in the product structure of the Tea level and above.
Rapidly, advertising has increased in national media, such as viewing, while at the same time increasing consumer growth and brand promotion, with sales rates rising by 2.9 to 15.9 per cent and management costs remaining stable, with overall cost rates of high-end convergence with nationalization, and both growth and growth space.
(a) The branding of a generation of high-end white wines, with the introduction of a national six-way start-up of 1,000-bit prices and a high and continuous upgrading of brands;
The model market, where the market has been turned from guerrilla to position, with more focused investment of resources; and the construction of a long-term, v3-long, triangular system of operational integration, with national boundaries as the core of the nationalization scheme, with a clearer product strategy. 3. Incentives have been put in place, strong operations have been put in place, and 10 billion targets have been successfully achieved, with full growth momentum in the long term.
Consider the company's ability to grow over the long term and maintain its “buy-in” rating.
3. Consistency of the world (603369): 10 billion journey paths clear, Consort of the world (603369): product structure continuously upgrades, and incentives are available sufficient kinetic energy (2022-09-01)
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.