The brands continue to rise, and the provincial and firm brands focus on the dynamic study of the world's future (603369.sh) The brands continue to rise, and the cost structure continues to optimize.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn End of Product: 1) continuously building four and pairing two core monoliths, with a six-card position above $800 price band, leading to an upward upgrading of the national horizon. 2) The opening of the six-year period will open this year.
The model market has been created and new marketing models have been established. 3) v3 continues to be deep-deep in the province, with little biting. 600-7000 price bands in the province have led to rapid release and a steady increase in the proportion of weddings.
Building, consumer nurturing, reduction in promotion rates, and expected cost rates to remain stable.
Regional expansion: 1) Province: Continue overall deep farming, maintaining multi-brand, multi-products layout, and the Nanjing market share is expected to continue to expand, with a large, well-structured and dynamic growth capacity in the Yanthai region. 2) Province
External: A firm focus on national brands, steady import of six-way-led structural upgrades, sustained macroeconomic downside risks, growth below expectations, v series growth below expectations 1, Constellation of the present (603369): core unincorporated
"According to goodness, the extra-provincial expansion began in an orderly fashion"2 and "The Ends of the World" (603369): "A quarter is a season to open and wait for more performance."
Sun Shan Mountain: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the U.S.S. securities, New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential; has been hard at thinking about the white wine plate, and has a deep marketed mind and insight into Soho's wine.
I do not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or not for, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main index of the relevant securities market indicates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.