I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Inventivethesis events: basedonpreliminarycalculations, the companyextactstoachiepetotalrevenue
Start: the company'srevenue/netprofitin22q4isextectetedtorechrm1.33bn/399mn, year, further/netprofitgrewby 27%/25%toaboutrm3bn/1.18bninthefirsttt two marktdata
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
2023, the companypanyannouncedtatitwouldceasetoacceptquatasasalesorderersforthesikai services.forspecialprocedurerequirements, thepricingbeldeterminedbynon-quata products, withanincreaseoffrmb20perbotfromtheinvoiceprice.bycontrolling
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.

A+/aclasproductsincreasedby 22.7% and 25.1% yoy, reactively.productstracture relaedreports continedtobeoptimized.2) oraniation: thecompaniesupbrand-baseddivisionsin
2022. The "fourdivisions and one company"structuresubstantiallyimproved (603369): Stunning 10 billion dollars, oronizationalofficiency.(3)region: infirststreamersof 2022, suzhong, huaihai,
Haai'an, andnanjingmarketshowedimpressiveperformance 31.1%, 28.8%, 23.6%, and 23.2% yoy.owingtocontuousmarketingoftheguoyuanseriesand
♪ The cash flow shows bright light ♪ ♪ cash flows show up ♪ ♪ cash flow shows up ♪ ♪ cash flows show up ♪ ♪ cash flows ♪ ♪ cash flows show up ♪ ♪ cash flows show up ♪ ♪ cash flows show up ♪ ♪ cash flows ♪ ♪ cash flows show up ♪ ♪ cash flows show up ♪ ♪ cash flows ♪ ♪ cash flows show up ♪ ♪ cash flows ♪
I don't know, exceptionandrefinedculture'supper-scalemarket. highassuranceinachievgeequityincentivegoals, clearstrategicplanningededicated tothamba10bntarget: making'suckwassuccessfulfulinachievlastyary'stargetof
I'd like you to know that 22 per cent of the world's population is in a state of emergency, and that 22 per cent of the world's population is in a state of emergency.
"Brokeragelicitedwouldliketo the companywiilladheretofeveinitiatives: upgradingthehigh-endbrandmatrix, overpoweredtheconstrutionand
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I've been working on it for a long time, and I've been working on it for a long time.
We've got a lot of work to do, and we've got a lot of work to do, and we've got a lot of work to do, and we've got a lot of work to do, and we've got a lot of work to do, and we've got a lot of work to do.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Main business data points: Performance meets expectations, performance is anchored to market expectations and spring season is a success. 22q4 is expected to achieve a total revenue of 1,334 million yuan, or around 24 per cent, and a net return to the mother is expected to be $399 million, or the same.
Since spring returns, consumption scenes, such as banquets, gifts, family visits, etc., have been gradually restored, and delivery performance has continued to increase in December-February. Sub-products have benefited from return surges/v are low base/matchings, and the Lightly and V series have been growing at a higher rate and at a more stable pace.
+ 40% delivery time, company confident to meet a one-quarter target, company notice issued in March 23 23 23rd 23rd 23rd March 4th suspension of receipt of quota sales orders, implemented at extra quota prices for special incoming needs (20 billing price/bottle) and continued digestion of stocks through controlled price increases, effective stabilization
▪ The product structure continues to be optimized and the regional market is finely developed. In 2022, the company took a variety of measures to promote development: 1) products: a steady double-digit increase in the 22-year national series, a sub-branding department formed by the company in the 3rd quarter of 22nd year, a “four-division” structure and organizational change effectiveness
Discovery. Region: 22 years ago, in the third quarter of the first quarter of the year, the Sino-China/Xiaohai/Xiaoan/Nan market showed a bright look.
"The End of the World" (603369): Quarterly Review of 2022: cash flows show good performance.
In 23 years, the company will adhere to a five-pronged approach: upgrade the high-end brand matrix, build a national breakthrough path, deepen integration, build a business model, build a professional marketing organization, enhance the intellectual depth of the project, and clear the strategic layout.
Clarity, morale and greater certainty of performance. ▪ Profit forecasting and investment ratings: clear corporate development planning, sufficient motivation, we upgraded 2022 to report support for professional research and analysis.
In particular, I am grateful for the diligent, independent and objective manner in which I have presented this report, which contains all views that accurately reflect my personal views on the securities or issuers mentioned, and for the specific proposals or views I have contained in this report, past, present or future, and for the efforts I have made in this regard.
Neither is past performance considered to be an indicator or a guarantee of future performance.