On the 10th of April 2023, the fate of the world was announced in Chengdu.
Quite a part of the economy is still in power in the province of Sunss@cfsc.com.cn, where the extra-provincial focus has broken through the current robust growth of the provincial market, mainly through: 1) determined high-end leadership, which is the main factor in the growth of the economy.
In anticipation of continuous upgrading in the lead department; 2) continuous innovation in the product category, creating a new wave of medium-high-end white alcohol consumption; 3) concerted development of producers, promoters, rich traders, build co-symbiosis, co-creation, co-sharing, co-promotion, co-promotion and co-promotion.
The out-of-town market will focus on resource breakthroughs. The key to the breakout will be: 1) precision concentration focus: pool resources, focus group purchase channels, focus main push singles, focus originals, focus core terminals; 2) team-building to increase the number of business bones in the province.
As a result, the number of out-of-town market teams is expected to double over the next three years; 3) Increased cooperation among manufacturers, which will shift from marketing to a common fight, is expected to increase the direct share of factory costs.
The company has launched a new Jua-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-
Biannual test sales assessment period; 2) Flexible and balanced regulation of volume prices to ensure a rigid market price system, flexible supply to distributors, guaranteed market price parity 1, Consort (603369): 2022 won
In 2023, the company hit the $10 billion target and actively planned the next $10 billion in a national strategy. The nationalization strategy will focus on a single item, positioning the country as the country’s first brand, and creating the country’s backbone.
ii. “The End of the World” (603369): “Springs of the Spring” (v9), “The Year of the Nation”, “The Year of the World”, “The Year of the World”, “The Year of the World”, “The Year of the World,” “The Year of the World,” “The Year of the World,” “The Year of the World”, “The Year of the World, the Year of the World,” “The Year of the World, the Year of the World, the Year of the World,” “The Year of the World, the Year of the World, the Year of the World, the Year of the World, the Year of the World, the Year of the World, the Year of the World, the Year of the World,”
Subtract macroeconomic risks, growth below expectations, growth of the v series below expectations, out-of-country expansion, etc.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, five years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the beverage plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
Ho Astronomy: Master of Laws, University of Shandong, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, with a dual master of law, economics, and taste industry research, reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.