The core monoliths continue to grow well, and the extra-provincial expansion is proceeding in an orderly fashion, with a study of the dynamics of the world itself (603369.sh) and the construction of the core monoliths continues to optimize the product structure.
s1050551111005 Sonsss@cfsc.com.cn End of Product 1:) Continuous construction of four core monoliths and pairing of two cores to secure the inner core of the province
The market share has been rising gradually. 2) Sixthly, the main open prices have been raised. Positioning, adherence to long-term valueism, construction of factory ownership around the five main marketing concepts of craftsmanship, quality marketing, process marketing, cultural marketing, service marketing.
Innovative marketing models developed jointly by businesses. 3) v3 Build a coalition of channels to achieve price stability and speed of marketing, with the Tai+ group of products accounting for about two thirds of the company’s total revenues.
Channel end: 2023 was established as the "Optimization Year for Dealers", with sub-producer co-construction systems, grade-level enabling systems, long-term incentive systems, and upgrading the physical strength of producers. Regional expansion: Intra-Provincial: Continuing full-scale farming, large-scale, large-scale production.
Strong, good markets, leading to the development of markets outside the Ministry of Radiation. (Extra-provincial: 1) the construction of a 10+n out-of-provincial market block model, i.e., the layout of 10 priority market segments, and the design of regional strategic markets. (ii) Promotion of long-triangular integration for the city of Jesunan.
Fields, which drive the Zhejiang and the Riviera Lake markets. 3) Product-differentiated layouts, with four large singles, parts of the region imported six, long-triangular import v, rich planetary systems, high-trenched brands implemented point layouts. 4) Strategic adaptation to local conditions saves off-limits.
Key markets, accompanied by decentralization, shortening the decision-making cycle.
2 “Foreigns of the world” (603369): the opening of the sixth year of the Kingdom, the expansion of the provinces, etc. 3; “Foreigns of the world” (603369): 2022 won
• Sun Shan: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the U.S.S. securities, New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential; has been hard at thinking about the white wine plate, and has a deep marketed mind and insight into Soho's wine.
I do not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or not for, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main index of the relevant securities market indicates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.