Wally Group (300.979): a slight one-quarter Wally Group event: corporate performance in the first quarter of 22, corporate q1 achieving operating income of $4.124 billion, same
Sold, the world's leading professional shoe manufacturer, mainly to develop design and manufacturing services for global renowned sports brands such as nike, converse, vans, puma, and ug.
There is a marked change in client structure, a marked change in product structure, a marked increase in prices in the first quarter, and a slight fall in volume, with companies looking at product structure improvements throughout the year in Vietnam, China, Dominica, Myanmar, etc. The price splits: 51 million pairs of q1 sales, an increase of 7.09%.
Twenty shoe factories have been set up, which is one of the few world-wide rings that drop by 6 million pairs, and the US dollar is 6.8 percentage points higher. q1 is not as much as the company expected, and the main producer is one of more than 100 million pairs of sneakers.
If Vietnam stops working for a long period of time, and staff attendance is not saturated (mostly in February), the production progress is somewhat behind and a small portion of the goods are not delivered on time because of the client. The increase in the unit price of the company’s products is obvious, both because of the client’s structure and because the client’s own product is changing.
The company's top five clients grew 17.47% in the first quarter of the year, faster than the company as a whole.
The profit rate is now normal in the short term, with the impact of low attendance rates. One quarter of the company’s Māori rate is 25.65%.
The plant’s new amortization factor, the decline in ring ratio, was due to the prolonged suspension of work in February, which affected staff attendance; March/April, when attendance had improved significantly, the factor would be eliminated in the next quarter. The net profit rate of 15.72% remained largely stable compared to the same year and the ring ratio, with optimism throughout the year.
The overall optimism is year-round, the company has a strong long-term competitive advantage. The epidemic has affected production time, the company's full-year price is determined, the year-round Māori rate will return as production progress is recovered, the income tax rate will return, and the return to normal is a positive factor in profit rates.
The expansion will continue to contribute to new capacity, and companies have recently issued announcements to purchase land assets from related parties for community expansion, and substantial progress has been made in the expansion of factories. We believe that the company’s share in sports shoe surrogates will continue to rise and be more profitable.
Investment Recommendations: We believe that the future performance of companies at this stage is well-defined and that the current valuation is a source of financial prosperity in the East (300,979): a slight disturbance in the quarter, with a good long-term upward trend in volume prices.
The source of the wealth and wisdom of the East, Liu Tanda, Chang-jae.
The research assistant gives an overview of Shen's own research views.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Wally Group (300979): A slight disturbance in a quarter and a long-term trend towards price increases does not guarantee any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.