Wally Group (300979.sz) recorded a 47 per cent increase in performance in 2021, a strong degree of certainty about the growth of shoe-shoes, a 47 per cent rise in downstream demand and a strong momentum in the fourth quarter of the year.
Textile apparel, textile manufacturing, 17.47 billion yuan, an increase of 25.4 per cent in the same year, mainly from the top five clients (92 per cent) for improved profitability and efficiency of products. The company's accounting standards changed in 2021.
A reduction of nearly 1 per cent in the Māori rate and the sales cost rate; 27.2 per cent, or 3.4 percentage points higher than the comparable caliber, mainly as a result of optimized product structure and higher profitability of products; and a 2.2 to 5.4 per cent decrease in the cost rate, mainly due to changes in accounting standards and year-on-year
The fourth quarter saw a good growth in revenue, with $4.84 billion in revenue, a strong client demand, productive energy release and efficiency gains that will continue to drive companies to grow, and the February epidemic will continue to face shortages, with new clients, Arthur, On, Newballance, stocking up and promising.
The company is actively expanding its production and increasing its efficiency to meet the needs of its clients. In 2021, 3 new plants (total capacity of 36 million bingo/year) became operational in Viet Nam, and production capacity is increasing uphill and there is still much room for release. In addition, the company will improve production efficiency through the introduction of automation equipment.
New factories in the north-south and Indonesia are expected to be in operation after 2022. The company’s productive capacity has expanded in an orderly manner, production efficiency has continued to increase, and production capacity has grown faster and more definitive in the medium term.
Clients, Products, Efficiency, 47% Growth in Performance for the Year 2021 - Wally Group - 300979 - Critical Events Rapidly Rating - High Orders, Year-on-Year 2021 Investment Recommendations: High-performance growth is more certain and buy-in ratings are maintained.
Wally Group - 300979 - Critical Events Rapid Review: High Quality and Rapid Growth Sustained, Good for Companies to achieve high Quality and Rapid Growth in 2021, with strong operational capacity and strong competitive edges. For the Future, Wally Group Midpoint Review - 300979-2021: Excellent Performance, Good for Growth Determination
As the new product climbs, core brand shares continue to rise and brand brands are released, let's look at the company's sufficiency.
A strong rise in the demand of large clients boosted income growth by 25.4 per cent, while an improvement in product profitability and efficiency boosted performance by 47.3 per cent, and an increase of 17.47 billion yuan, or 25.4 per cent over the year, was achieved in 2021, excluding exchange rate effects by 34.1 per cent, driven mainly by strong growth in income of large clients; and a return net profit of 2.77 billion yuan, or the same increase.
Good; net profit after deducting non-recurring gains and losses was $2.77 billion, an increase of 47.5 per cent for the same year; second largest clients earned $3.76 billion, an increase of 47.7 per cent for the same year; third largest clients earned $3.21 billion, an increase of 6.2 per cent for the same year;
The fourth-largest client earns $1.89 billion, an increase of 18.0 per cent over the same period; by product, sports and leisure shoes and sandals grow faster. Specifically: sports and leisure shoes earn $14.21 billion, an increase of 25.9 per cent over the same period;
(b) Cool slippers earned $1.64 billion, an increase of 46.6 per cent in the same year, mainly due to an increase in the product of ugg slippers, and product structure improvements contributed to an increase of 3.4 to 27.2 per cent in the year-round Māori ratio.
In a change, the transport costs originally charged to sales costs (almost 1 per cent) began to be included in operating costs. In 2021, the Māori sales rate was 27.2 per cent, with an increase of 3.4 percentage points below the comparable calibre, driven mainly by the optimization of the product structure, including the negative impact of a change in accounting standards of about 1 percentage point.
Lower, with a sales cost of 0.4 per cent and a decrease of 1.0 percentage points over the same period, mainly affected by changes in accounting standards;
The fourth quarter saw a positive growth in income performance. In the fourth quarter of 2021, income increased by $4.84 billion, or 33.5 per cent, faster than in the third quarter, by 2.0 p.p.p.; and in the third quarter, net return earnings increased by $770 million, or 37.4 per cent.
Profit margins are adversely affected by changes in accounting standards, and the next four quarters of a comparable caliber is expected to increase. Companies have changed accounting standards since the third quarter, with less than 1% of transport and customs charges adjusted from sales costs to operating costs.
Figure 11: Companies ' single-quarter profit margins and changes Figure 12: Four cost-rate changes in companies ' single-quarter customers ' high demand, productive energy release, efficiency gains will continue to push
In February, the impact of the epidemic was modest, with large clients earning an increase of $16.01 billion, or 28.3 per cent, or 91.7 per cent of corporate sales.
In addition, new clients, whose orders have already produced a quantity of goods, have actively expanded and improved production efficiency in response to the demand of their clients, and have now been put into production in the medium term, depending on the faster growth of their capacity, and are expected to have some capacity to release in 2022. In addition, the public sector is expected to have some capacity to release.
The Division will also purchase existing plants in Viet Nam, expand production lines in the company’s former plant, and assist in upgrading the production capacity of the former plant. Based on the strong demand for client expectations, the company will continue to invest in new plants in northern Viet Nam, taking into account the requirements of decentralized manufacturing capacity, and will start investing in large manufacturing bases in Indonesia.
In terms of productivity efficiency, the company promotes standardization of management and information, digital efficiency and upgrading of the capacity and operation of its mass production plants. Specifically, the company has made extensive use of automated equipment such as computer needles, cold-coated shoe presses, self-rolling shoe boxers, automatic web-printing, and the "computer-car-to-shoe tongue" process.
Self-researched assistive kits, such as the innovative plywood “Computer Cars Without Restraint Cycle Sewing” “Shoebelt Apparatus” and “Shoebelt Apparatus” have been promoted and widely used to improve product quality stability, while improving productivity and staff comfort at work.
The epidemic affected short-term attendance and had a slight impact on performance throughout the year. In February 2022, the outbreak in northern Viet Nam was more severe, affecting staff attendance, which was largely restored in early March, companies usually had smaller orders for February-March, and the decline in staff attendance in the short term had a very limited impact on company performance throughout the year.
Investment recommendations: Performance growth is more certain, maintaining “buying companies to achieve high-quality, rapid growth by 2021, with strong operational capacity and strong competitive edges. In the future, with new production capabilities uphill, core brand shares continue to increase, and new brands are released, looking at the company’s full growth potential and high quality.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and free of any third party's approval or influence, and the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.