Wally Group (300979).
A 47.34 per cent increase over the same year (excluding the effect of exchange rate movements, 57.55 per cent over the same year). The year-round sales campaign was the world's leading professional manufacturer of sneakers, mainly Nike, Converse, vans, puma, ug, etc.
Prominent sports brands provide development design and manufacturing services. 27.23 per cent of the year ' s Māori rose by 3.36 percentage points from the same year to a net profit of 15.84 per cent from the same year, with companies in Viet Nam, China, Dominica, Myanmar, etc.
2.36 percentage points. 20 shoe factories have been opened, representing a modest increase in the concentration of the top five clients worldwide, with new brand partnerships available over time.
One of the more than 100 million pairs of sports shoes produced by a professional manufacturer, 92%, which is a further increase. In terms of speed, nike, deeckers, vf, puma, ua are fast-growing customers in recent years.
Debt relief and cross-equity presentations: It is hoped that the ua cooperation path will be replicated.
By the end of 21 years, three factories were still climbing the slopes (between two and 60%, a shoe-side factory has not yet contributed its finished shoes). The first phase of the Ni’s factory will be ready, there will be new plant planning in the north Vietnam region, and companies will have sufficient long-term productive reserves.
The company’s 21-year Māori rate is normal. The price of the main raw materials is determined by the brander and the supplier of the raw materials.
It is determined that the surrogate plant will not bear the upward pressure on prices; (2) in terms of exchange rates, the company is a dollar-coster, dollar-denominated firm, and the ICC is in Hong Kong, with little influence on the exchange rate. After overcoming adverse factors such as the outbreak and exchange rate, the firm’s 21-year retrenchment has increased by 2.36 percentage points to 15.84 per cent, mainly as a result of continued optimization of its customer structure.
Looking ahead, the company’s share in sneakers will continue to rise and the profits will be more stable. In the context of the South-East Asian epidemic, which affected the entire supply chain in 2021, companies are based on geographical advantages and excellent jobs.
Plant management, production, is largely unaffected. The company’s future growth continues to be a large customer (mainly nike) procurement share increase, new customers are released, productive capacity continues to be released and subsequent capacity reserves are sufficient, and the company is in a period of resonance with changes in its client structure and capacity.
The increase in the share of the industry is inevitable. The increase in the number of corporate head brand orders also means that the production process is more mature and helps the company to have a stable profit margin.
Investment Recommendations: We believe that the future performance of the company is certain at this stage, and that the current valuation is the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East (300.979).
The source of the wealth and wisdom of the East, Liu Tanda, Chang-jae.
The research assistant gives an overview of Shen's own research views.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Wally Group (300979): Capable of expanding & customer resonance, sports shoes perform well and do not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.