Quarterly review 2022: q1 Viet Nam has a slight disturbance, no change.
▪ The company published a quarterly report for 2022: 4.12 billion yuan/yoy+11.4 per cent for 22q1 battalion (exclude exchange rate effects yoy+14.1 per cent) and 650 million yuan/yoy+12.4 per cent (exclude exchange rate impacts yoy+15.2 per cent). Performance was slightly lower than expected, mainly due to the spread of the February epidemic in northern Viet Nam and the presence of Vietnamese factory workers
▪ Core clients maintain a high increase in volume and boost income growth. 1) By client, the top five clients of 22q1 account for the same amount of income (excluding exchange rate effects)
Total income +17.5% of the same year. Among them are nike and converse under the nike flag, which is equal, nike single brand is increasing by more than 40%; in addition, hoka (deckers) maintains a higher rate of growth, 22q1 income increases by 40% to 50%.
A slight decrease of 57 million pairs of 21q4, mainly due to the impact of the outbreak on staff attendance in northern Viet Nam in February, and also to the climb of new capacity. On a unit price basis, excluding the exchange rate from the overall impactasp due to the impact of the outbreak on staff attendance in Viet Nam in February, the ability of the new plant to climb the slopes and add up accounting policies.
Adjustments to lower Māori rates (transport, packaging costs from sale to operating costs), as of March, Wally Group (300979): 2021 Report: Increases in volume and efficiency, co-promotion
Since the outbreak improved in Viet Nam, factories have returned to pre-spring levels, and companies expect to delay orders in the next quarter. Two of the three new plants in Viet Nam are expected to be fully released in 22 years (with production reaching about 80% of total capacity by the end of the 21st), while the new plants are running phase two, with capacity.
This is due to domestic procurement, which is currently partly affected by, but to a limited extent, the transport level. Performance forecast rating: both production and sales + high profitability  profit forecast and investment rating: companies are the world’s leading professional shoe manufacturers, which went beyond February 22
The Southern epidemic has had some impact on production and Māori rates, but there is a strong demand in the industry and, with the resumption of the epidemic and the opening of immigration restrictions in Viet Nam in March, subsequent production is expected to close the O1 gap and the year-round target is expected to be met.
Wally Group (300979): 2021q3 rating: q3 income per year + 31%, nike and sales share released at 2022.4.26.
Three Wally Group financial forecasts. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has an investment advisory committee on securities.