Short-term effects of the Viet Nam epidemic, q1 performance growth robust event: company 2022q1 achieved income of $4,124 million, 11.39 per cent, resulting in a net gain of $648 million to the mother group (300,979.sz)
Apart from the impact of exchange rate fluctuations on company 2022q1 revenues, which increased by 14.13 per cent, and the net return on maternity, which increased by 15.16 per cent.
Head-client orders are growing and the volume of sneakers is rising. Companies work closely with key brand clients, and global demand for sneakers continues to grow faster, driving head-client orders and revenues to increase. 2022q1 top five clients earn $250 million, $134 million.
Li Xi, 12.82 per cent, 0.73 per cent, 53.17 per cent, ike, vf, etc., increased use of sports shoes purchased by companies.
The company ' s Māori ratio fell by the same amount by 3.69 pct to 25.65 per cent, mainly as a result of the new crown epidemic, which led to higher corporate attendance, lower financial costs, and lower R&D and management costs. 3) The net cash flow of 2022q1 operations was $377 million, with a similar decrease of 11.51 per cent, mainly due to a new crown epidemic.
In 2022, Vietnam’s new crown, control and control of the epidemic, factories are returning to production in an orderly manner, and Europe and the United States are continuing to place orders on their regional sports workers.
In April 2022, the company announced the acquisition of its buildings and ancillary facilities, such as land use rights, office buildings, etc., in the Province of Qingcheng, Viet Nam, for trading prices.
RMB 11.1376 million to facilitate the expansion of production capacity in northern Viet Nam, in addition to the fact that companies are building large production bases in Indonesia.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: we maintain the company's 2022-2024 ps forecast as "Epidemic Control Good and Performance Growth"
Long-term growth of the track, clear corporate dominance as a sports shoe forerunner, performance growth bright performance 2022.4 Risk factors: more concentrated production areas, rising labour costs, spread of the neo-crowd pneumonia epidemic in Viet Nam
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Li Xing, Master of Financial Studies in Consumer Products at the University of Kyotan, four years of experience in consumer goods industry studies, joined the Sunda Securities in 2020, and engaged in the textile light industry as part of a non-consensual, non-consensual, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy, which the CVM has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.