Wally Group (300979.sz) income grew by 11.4 per cent in the quarter, and employees' attendance has returned to normal since March.
(a) The impact of the epidemic at the beginning of the year caused a loss of production, with an annual increase of 12.4 per cent in performance in the first quarter and a recovery in staff attendance since March;
This has had a serious impact on production operations; the price of raw materials has risen significantly; consumer demand in major markets has declined significantly; and (4) investment proposals: companies have experienced robust growth in production in the first quarter of the year, affected by the epidemic, highlighting business resilience. After the resumption of operations, low performance levels have passed, brand demand remains high, the company’s productive capacity has been well developed, the prices of its products have increased significantly, and the firm’s future growth is expected to be robust.
The impact of the epidemic at the beginning of the year caused production losses, with a 12-percent increase in staff attendance since March. The impact of the epidemic on attendance has slowed down income performance. In the first quarter of 2022, corporate revenues amounted to $4.12 billion, an increase of 11.4 per cent.
The elimination of exchange rate effects increased by 14.1 per cent over the same period, and the slowdown in income was due mainly to the impact of the epidemic on staff attendance. By volume, the volume/unit price of moving shoes increased by 7.1 per cent/40 per cent from the same year to 51,137,000 binary/80.7 per cent. The top five clients earned $3.78 billion, or 91.7 per cent, and the total increase in the elimination of exchange rate effects was over 17 per cent. The net return was $650 million, or 12.4 per cent over the same period.
The Māori rate was slightly reduced by the epidemic and raw materials, and the cost was almost equal. The company ' s Māori rate was 25.7 per cent in the first quarter of 2022, which was reduced by the same year, and its efforts were made to recover the order gap. The annual increase in unit prices was expected to be higher than the same period last year, accounting for 91.7 per cent of the company ' s sales, and the elimination of exchange rate had affected revenue growth by about 17 per cent. Global supply chain competition continued, for example, in the case of Nike, which was currently in Europe and America.
In addition, the new customers’ orders for asics, onon, and newballance are already in volume and are expected to be released. Viet Nam, Yongshan, Viet Nam, and Honghing, Viet Nam, with a design capacity of 1 million bingo/month, are now in production, and one is expected to remain in 2022.
In addition, the company will purchase existing plants in Viet Nam, expand production lines in the company’s former plant, and assist in upgrading the production capacity of the former plant. Based on the strong demand for customer expectations, the company will continue to invest in new plants in northern Viet Nam, taking into account the requirements of the distribution of manufacturing capacity, and start investing in large manufacturing bases in Indonesia.
In particular, the company has promoted and made widely available self-reflection kits through automated equipment such as computer needles, cold stickers, auto-rolling shoe boxers, automatic web-printing, etc., as well as self-reflection aids such as the “computer-car-to-shoe-to-shoes” “automatic folding of innovative clips” and “computer needle-cracking” “scaffolding” and “shoe-banding aids” and so on.
In February 2022, the outbreak in northern Viet Nam was more severe in terms of staff attendance, and it resumed in early March, with the company producing 51.14 million pairs of sneakers in the first quarter of 2022, with a lower number of units than the ring. The lost capacity is expected to be recovered in the coming months.
In terms of unit prices, corporate sales of United States dollars increased by 4.5% per year in 2021, and investment proposals for the first quarter of 2022: low performance, strong growth momentum, maintenance of a “buy-in” rating. Companies showed robust performance growth in the next quarter as a result of the epidemic, low performance after the recovery of their operations, and high brand demand.
With the impact of the epidemic on performance, we base our analysis logic on the author's professional understanding, seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and free of any third party's approval or influence; and the author's failure to study it in the past, now or in the future.