The Wally Group (300979.sz) returns a net profit of 2,768 million yuan, an increase of 47.34 per cent, and a net gain of 2,761 million yuan, an increase of 47.21 per cent.
Head-client orders are expanding rapidly, and the industry’s dominance is highlighted. The elimination of exchange rate fluctuations affects corporate income and Xiao Fei’s dominance is highlighted by the rapid growth of head branders’ income.
Businesses, building up the industry's leading new product development, rapid response, cost-control capabilities, expanding production capacity, strong global demand for sneakers in 2021 and fast orders from top customers like nike, deeckers, Lee.
In 2021, the company achieved 211 million pairs of sneakers, an increase of 29.46%, with an average product price of $82.85/double.
3.13 per cent decrease, mainly due to exchange rate appreciation, excluding exchange rate effects on average prices of products Rapid growth of orders, new outreach clients achieving volume production and faster growth of income from sports and leisure shoes. 2) Outdoor booting revenue in 2021 was 1,583 million yuan, an increase of 6.16 per cent, and income growth was more stable
The increase in revenue is mainly due to the rapid expansion of some client orders. Māori increases the same rate, costs fall and profitability increases. 1) Māori rates for companies increased by 3.36 ptt to 27.23 per cent in 2021, mainly due to optimized customer order structures and corporate cost controls
(c) Net cash flow from company operations in 2021 was 2,423 million.
By the same amount, 18.64 per cent, mainly due to the increase in cash paid for goods and services. “Epidemic control, steady performance growth, sustained expansion of the company’s productive capacity and steady increase in profitability.
The company, as a leader in moving shoes, plans to build new factories in Vietnam, Indonesia, Myanmar, etc. over the next three years, and improves the production capacity of existing plants through automation, process upgrading, etc., and promotes product sales and income growth.
Head of Sinda Securities. The company is actively strengthening information systems and strengthening cost controls across the links, depending on client needs.
And industry trends have increased R & D investment, innovation, client diversification and upgrading of the company.
Sex, the company’s dominant position as a sports shoe forerunner is clear, performance growth is more certain, long-term development space is wide, and a “buy-in” rating is maintained. Risk factors: more concentrated production areas, rising labour costs, and the spread of the new Vietnamese crown pneumonia epidemic
Li Xing, Master of Financial Studies in Consumer Products at the University of Kyotan, four years of experience in consumer goods industry studies, joined the Sunda Securities in 2020, and engaged in the textile light industry as part of a non-consensual, non-consensual, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy, which the CVM has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.