I've been able to build a new layout and innovative business on 26 May 2024.
Research Assistant Wang Yunzhi, Global Security Leadership Enterprise, Smart Group Strategy Opens the Growing Ceiling: Heconway is a global leader of visual coalition solutions and big data service providers, 2021, where companies will operate.
Positioned as "SmartAiot," seizes the opportunity of digitalization, networking, and high-definition, and intelligentness of the video surveillance industry, opening up new space for companies to continue their development. In an external environment characterized by a stable domestic economy and a gradual recovery of foreign markets, the company’s performance has improved steadily.
i gives security to the industry, tries to change, and corporate ownership is growing robustly: from digital to intellectual.
The year is 26%. There is a large space for smart security. In recent years, the digital transition in the country has helped to develop high-quality power in a defined long-term trend, and it is expected that in the future there will still be a greater demand for growth space, and that the company ' s traditional security backbone will be able to sustain robust growth abroad with the ability of the person to do so.
At the operational level, in 2023, the company received 23,988 million yuan, an 8.8 per cent increase from the previous year. The company continued to push for a “one-country one-size-fits-all” approach, optimize its business layout, guarantee a steady growth in its operations, and continue to grow in the cities abroad.
The system, which is deeply integrated into the company ' s products and solutions, enables fully empowered companies to move downstream for dozens of years into innovative business and become a powerful engine of corporate growth: the company has taken the direction of innovative technology development and has now hatched eight major innovative business platforms, covering intelligent homes, mobile robots and machines.
In many areas such as visual, infrared thermal imaging, auto electron, intellectual storage, smart fire protection, intelligence security, intelligence, medical, etc., innovative business and corporate owners have formed a more resilient business mix, reporting points: revenue meets expectations and returns are more profitable.
The total annual revenue from corporate innovation was $18.553 billion, an increase of 23.11 per cent over the previous year, accounting for 20.77 per cent of corporate revenue, becoming the new engine of growth in corporate performance.
On the basis of this, we predict that the company's 2024-Hai Conway (002415): the robots are going to be marketed after they've been marketed, and the company's intrinsic value is very high.
Global security leading companies, the Smart Group strategy to open up the growing ceiling, and to upgrade and upgrade to the Smart Group, leading domestic video surveillance industry leading to the transformation of the Smart Group.
Mainly engaged in the development, production and marketing of security video surveillance products, which are suppliers of products in the security industry, the core products of which are card and dvr; the solution operation in Hai Conway in 2008, when companies began to invest in the development of video management systems and gradually shift from product providers to the overall solution providers of product plus systems;
In May 2010, the company was listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange ' s small and medium-sized enterprise board; in 2017, Heikangway saw the trend towards cloud-side convergence, leading intellectual applications, and pioneered aicloud ' s peripheral nodes, edge fields, and three-tier grids of cloud centres, which will greatly advance the development and application of artificial intelligence in the field of object networking; and in 2021, the company positioned its business area as
IntelligentsAiot, which is dedicated to making sense of things, artificial intelligence, and big data technology work for thousands of people, leading the new future of smarts. Deep-farming and defense industries have more than 20 people, and Heconway has seized digital, network and high-level, intellectual opportunities in video surveillance, developing new technologies, new products, proposing new programmes, and actively developing new and emerging businesses.
In terms of hardware, Heconway is looking at a growing sense of how to make a better selection of landscaped products.
Upgrades system-wide processing capacity, with dynamic multi-level products such as marginal nodes, marginal areas, cloud centres; software, which includes four components: software platforms, smart algorithms, data models, and business services. Product applications cover more than 300 sub-scenes in 10 major industries, including urban centres, metallurgicals, construction, agriculture, medical care, and more than 70 sub-sectors.
Traditional security operations were divided into domestic and foreign components, and in 2018 the restructuring of the business architecture was launched, reassemblying resources, dividing domestic operations into public service (pbg), enterprise (ebg) and small and medium enterprise (smbg), and targeting different types of markets and clients more effectively to coordinate internal resources.
At the same time, innovative operations, including a network of fluorescents, seacombs, seacombs, seacombs, seacombs, seacomb storage, seacomb fire, seacombs, seacombs, seacombs, seacoats, seacoats, etc., are constantly gaining new momentum for the long-term sustainable development of companies. Corporate equity structures are stable, backed up by the National Finance Committee, and strong. As of March 31, 2024, China and China are at the top of the list.
The company's first shareholder, 36.55% of the company's shares. The China Electronics and Technology Group Ltd., a central enterprise of the State Treasury Committee of the State Council that carries out the role of funder, holds 39.18% of the company's shares together with the State Assets Control Council of the State Council, through China and Haikang Group Ltd. and China and the China and Electronics Investments and Holdings Company Ltd.
The director-general and director-general of the department, Hu Ying Tru, holds 1.67% of the company’s shares. The company’s equity structure is stable, with investment in research and development for long-term strategic implementation & growth in innovative business, and equity incentives to strengthen core cadres.
Short-term fluctuations have not changed the long-term upward growth of performance, and corporate growth resumed in 2023. Global economic fluctuations and changes in the trading environment have posed continuing challenges to corporate operations.
Ebg earned 17,845 million yuan, the highest share of revenue in the larger business community. Corporate growth continued to improve as business rehabilitation grew with long-term growth dynamics of smart goods.
The company’s ownership and innovation business have become a more resilient portfolio, providing a solid foundation for long-term sustainability.
In 2023, the company invested in research and development (R & D) and maintained technological R & D inputs for nearly five years, sustaining its ability to produce and commercialize technology.
Continue to strengthen and consolidate smart-material combination technology, continuously enrich the types of smart-ass equipment, tap into intelligent-material-associated applications, and strengthen the market position in the field of smart-associated goods. 99.577,629 restricted shares are awarded to the incentive audience and 1.07 per cent of the total equity of the company are awarded;
The target groups are top managers of the company (6), middle managers 135, grass-roots managers (836), and nuclear cadres (8,976), with a total of 9,953.
It continues to enrich digitally new product categories, driving the digital transformation of multi-sector applications, such as government, business, etc. Conway sees new digital products to meet the digital transformation needs of thousands of industries, based on deep technological accumulation, rich capacity for product engineering, and many years of in-depth understanding of the industry.
From the application scene, from the digitalization of auxiliary management to the digitization of core business links, the company has introduced digital products that cover a wide range of government and enterprise applications and drive the digital transformation of government enterprises.
2.1.ai injects new growth dynamics into smart security, and the smart security market is expected to open further, from digitalization to intellectual upgrading.
With the development of photovoltaic technology, microelectronics, microcomputer technology, and video image processing technology, traditional security systems are being digitalized, networked, and intelligently developed. Smart security technologies have entered a completely new field of application, transmission, and networking.
The three dimensions of awareness provide the technical content that can be applied to smart security, enabling it to achieve local intelligence, local sharing, and local signature. Smart security has digital and integrated features.
Field applications drive the security industry from the traditional “human defence” to “real-time surveillance” and “event prevention” intellectual times. ai intelligent perception techniques provide intelligent analysis of the vast amount of human, physical, environmental and other information collected and provide pre-emptive warning and emergency co-location. Through fabric defence, infrared sensors monitor people entering, automatically trigger alarms.
The system, combined with the s-vive video review module, automatically records events triggering the first 5 seconds and 10 seconds of live status, and provides evidence for ex post facto forensics. Large data, as a bottom structure of artificial intelligence, provides a huge sample support for in-depth and enhanced learning, and is an important support for artificial intelligence analysis, prediction, and self-improvement.
Conspicuous devices are access to big data, uploading the collected multi-dimensional data on people, objects, environment, etc. to the platform through a network, and the big data platform builds multi-structured data models, then finds patterns from large-scale data, makes decisions, and helps to protect against actual operations.
Fig. 13: Ai Ai Ai Ai Ai Ai Ai Ai Ai Ai Qi Ai Ai Qi Qi Ai Qi Qi Qi Qi. The traditional Ai Qi is focused on "building" with two main features: after the fact
Censorship, manual decision-making. Traditional security systems have multiple deficiencies: they cannot prevent risk points, they can't prevent them before they occur; trust, analysis and decision-making require a lot of manpower and are costly. Unlike traditional security, the focus of smart security is on “use”, and changes or even innovates on the shortcomings of traditional security. (1) Pre-emptive warning.
The front end can work with a variety of hardware cubes, including 3d, multiple eyes, audio, vibrating, infrared, and so on. The environment is resilient enough to restore complex scenes, obtain clearer images and more accurate information, and combine cloud computing to achieve the objective of prior warning. (2) Decision-making in a matter. Smart security can identify a focused monitor with a high degree of accuracy in real time through predefined instructions.
For example, in the area of security, which is based on cloud computing and big data analysis, smart security systems can also create a large public security intelligence system, with access to a wide range of information, and raise the number of masters.
Traditional pain-proof spot, ai+safe, accurate identification: based on meter
It takes a lot of manipulation: human, computer-based visual human face recognition, and its trajectory for monitoring and monitoring.
Video behavioral analysis technology, enough to identify and track people and their data.
In terms of volume, noise, association analysis: linking properties to data mining.
It's a case-by-case, it's a case-by-case, it's a case-by-case, it's a case-by-case, it's a case-by-case, it's a case-by-case, it's a case-by-case, it's a case-by-case, it's a case-by-case, it's a case-by-case, it's a case-by-case, it's a case-by-case, it's a case-by-case, it's a case-by-case, it's a case-by-case, it's an average of 3,000.
Watching surveillance and locking up suspects, video footage for hours, police, trails for dozens of days.
Absence of ex ante management: traditional security, real-time analysis, early warning: protection from ex post investigation, face-to-face
Control information can be managed in real time, on-the-spot, dynamic management, analysis, security control ahead.
The size of the smart security sector market is expected to be further opened. The global security penetration rate is still low.
The global security market is projected to reach its turning point in 2023, with a higher rate of growth in intelligence security and a global smart security market of $45 billion in 2023, and a projected 30.26 per cent capr in 2018-2023. For China, the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry has a 5 per cent penetration rate in 2018.
By 2020, it will rise to 6%. With technological maturity and demand driven, the security smartness process is accelerating, and it is predicted that the growth of the smart security hardware market will slow, with intelligent communities likely to be the focus. In 2020, China a1+safe hardware market reached 45.3 billion yuan, affected by the epidemic, restricted access to safe construction, increased costs of raw materials, and market rules.
The speed of growth has fallen significantly to 13.3% (compared to nearly 250% in 2018). With the normalization of the epidemic and the restructuring of the 14th and 5th regulations, market growth is expected to slow down to more than $90 billion in 2025.
Upgraded. In the area of public security traffic, which continues to be a market support force, with the withdrawal of the 13th Five-Year Officer, the area has largely completed coverage of the priority area smart video surveillance system, and market growth has been relatively weak. In contrast to other areas of fragmentation, it will continue to erode the public security traffic market, as a result of security demand stimulus, accelerated technology and high prices of products.
The smart security industry chain involves upstream algorithms, chip designs, and parts and components such as storage, image sensors, middle-stream hardware and systems integration, or provision of smart security operations.
Services, downstream, are used mainly in cities, households, schools, hospitals, rail transport, finance, etc.
In addition, high-rise, IWV, and good-du technology companies serve as smart security operators, and products and technologies are applied to intelligent cities, including smart security. The intelligent security industry chain is widely applied downstream, with high potential for the civil market.
In recent years, projects such as “Safe City”, “Snowlight Project” and “Smart City” have been carried out, with city-level applications accounting for about 30-40% of the market share of smart security. At the industry level, smart security is widely applied in such sectors as public security, transport, finance, energy, and human health.
The potential demand for the smart security industry in the civil market is greater, as the cost of security systems is reduced and intelligence is advanced. According to data from the Chinese Internet, the share of safe cities and smart and transport applications reached 22% and 16%, respectively, by 2020, and the share of snowwork applications was 15%.
The global security market is fragmented. According to the 2022 Global Security 50 top list, the top 10 companies are Hei Conway (China), Daehua (China), Asaconley (Sweden), Anders (Sweden),
Motorola Solutions (United States), Woo-saw Technology (China), Hee-yeon (China), Anlange (United States), Han Wah-Techwin (Republic of Korea), and Everfung (Japan). Of these, Heiconwei was ranked first at $10.1 billion, accounting for 3.1 per cent of the global security market, followed by Da-hua shares at $5.1 billion and second at the global security market.
In terms of geographical distribution, China, the United States, Europe and the Republic of Korea are the main competitors in the global security market, with China accounting for 42 per cent of the world ' s top 50 security firms, showing China ' s strength and influence in the security sector.
China’s anti-market competition pattern is relatively concentrated. According to the China’s security 50 top list in 2022, the top 10 companies are Heiconway, Dahua shares, Wooshue technology, Sky and Heaven, Mid-century, shared shares, power, power, optical science, Chinese intelligence, and China’s communications. Of these, Hei Conway is ranked first, with 65.1 billion yuan.
On a disaggregated basis, video surveillance is the main area of the security market in China, accounting for 66.3 per cent of the security market in China, of which Heiconwei and Dahua shares are leaders, accounting for 22.8 per cent and 9.1 per cent of the video surveillance market.
2.2. Three major groups of companies and overseas operations: Focusing on the main business in a complex and volatile environment, continuing to advance the public service community 2.2.1. pbg: Pbg operations are expected to recover steadily with policy support and demand recovery support, building on “intellectuals” technology, and contributing to the digital transformation of government.
On the basis of the three Ministries of Security, Transport, and Justice, a pbg (publicbusinessgroup, public service community) has been set up. The operational team is based on urban governance and urban services, adapted to the administrative region’s block model and to the overall operational needs of urban governance and urban services.
The urgent need for transformation is that Heiconway relies on “intellectuals” technology to continuously strengthen the infrastructure of municipal intelligentness networks such as the Sensitization Base, the Smart Base, the Data Base, and the Integration Enabling Platform, with a focus on public safety, traffic management, transport mobility, urban governance, eco-environmental protection, and human services, with a growing capacity to implement industry services.
Over the last two years, performance has been under pressure and is expected to pick up in the future. From 2018 to 2020, the company’s pbg business income rose steadily, breaking down the business landscape in the public service sector, capturing important events such as Beijing’s Doo-O, Hangzhou, XIV, and promoting the application of landing practices. In 2022, global macroeconomic fluctuations increased, geopolitical complexities, and Euro-American sanctions.
In 2022, corporate awareness and integration platforms were successfully applied to more than 130 projects in more than 79 local municipalities in 26 provinces, covering intelligent cities, transportation, and transportation.
In recent years, the Chinese Communist Party, the State Council, the Development and Reform Commission, the Ministry of Trade and Communications, among others, has launched a series of multi-sectoral policies in support of the "ai+an" industry.
Development, which clearly identifies smart security as a priority extension area for artificial intelligence innovation applications. As the digital economy, the Digital Society, and digital governments approach the opportunities of rapid construction, domestic demand is gradually warming, coupled with policy support, corporate performance 2.2.2. Businesses ebg: Recovering revenue has taken the lead in restoring positive growth and growing space for the future.
Ebg supports the digital transformation of firms and accelerates their innovation. Companies build on the traditional ministries of finance, energy, buildings, and humanism to form ebg (enterprisebusinessgroup, business community) business teams, focusing on the traditional large enterprise market, adapt to the group’s pattern and respond to corporate enterprise patterns.
In 2022, the company built a system of solution capabilities around two core business areas: “Guarding enterprise security” and “Improving asset performance”, in the areas of safe enterprise production, human and vehicle safety management, park security, integration, enterprise emergency command, operational efficiency enhancement, equipment facility management, enterprise material management, intelligent space management
Figure 25: The industry of ebg, real estate, education, etc., has experienced greater volatility as a result of policy adjustments, which has had an impact on the overall growth of ebg.
The ebg operation has experienced a sharp decline since 21 years of growth; in 2022, as a result of macroeconomic fluctuations at the same time, harvests have fallen to the point where there is still a better development space with domestic economic recovery and real estate and education at stake, and the ebg business is expected to grow significantly in the future.
China’s digital economy has given new impetus to ebg’s operations. At present, China’s digital economy has entered a new phase of rapid development, with the digital transformation of traditional industries accelerating, the digital economy’s infrastructure has advanced across borders, and new industries and models have flourished.
The new era of the digital economy offers new opportunities for the digital transformation of traditional enterprises. Figure 26: Corporate ebg operating income and the rate of growth in the same year
Figure 27: Total size and forecast of China ' s digital economy 2016-2025
Smbg upgrades industry-wide service capabilities and contributes to the digital transformation of SMEs. Companies organize their smbg (small&mediumbusinessgroup, SME enterprise) business teams based on traditional distribution management teams, focusing on SME market services, working on product distribution, installation and transport services, saas
Industrial ecology and platforms are integrated. Based on industry understanding and user insight, Heiconway sees a digital infrastructure based on smart combinations of equipment, improves equipment management, explores business applications, provides low-cost, light-quantified, tailor-made solutions and services for small and medium-sized enterprises, and reduces user selection and use costs.
Markets, bringing together national partners, from a single-cycle model based on product distribution channels - customers - to solving the dual-cycle ecology of programme marketing plus services, to developing off-line digital door-to-door operations, building service grids, and better enabling the digital transformation of SMEs.
Figure 28: The digital transformation of small and medium-sized enterprises (Smbg) has accelerated, and companies have been able to secure sound business. The performance of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) is highly correlated with macroeconomics. In recent years, multiple pressures and dynamics, such as control of the epidemic, economic volatility, policy orientation, technology overlap, etc., have combined.
By 2020, the epidemic affected small and medium-sized enterprises, which were able to smooth down. In 2021, the internal epidemic was well under control, and the company was well off. In 2022, industrial growth faced many challenges. With the recovery of the economy, the performance of small and medium-sized enterprises was rising, with security, digitalization, and intelligence.
The digital transformation is a big move, and it is key for SMEs to break through development bottlenecks, weaken external conditions, build long-term competitiveness. According to Irene, the market for digital services for SMEs in 2022 was more than 300 billion and the market space was wide, and the growth potential will continue to be released.
2.2.4. Overseas operations: promoting a country’s strategy and a robust growth of overseas markets’ warming operations The company continues to sunk national markets, pushing a country’s policy to improve its efficiency. Heconway sees continued progress in the localization strategy of “one country’s policy” of international operations, continuous improvement of the global network of marketing services, and upgrading of the R & D system
In 2022, the company also established a new Dubai Research and Development Centre to serve jointly with Montreal and the London Overseas Research and Development Centre to customize the regional market; five new offshore logistics depots, totalling 17, to improve local logistics coverage and distribution capacity; and two new ones.
Overseas call centres, with a total of 13, actively expanding cooperation with channel partners, sunk technology service networks and providing timely, high-quality after-sales services to client users. By 2023, the company had 80 molecular companies and offices in the international and ATO regions, covering more than 150 major countries and regions around the world;
In 2022, the offshore market was gradually warming, in part by billions of yuan, up 16% from the same year. Despite geopolitical tensions, the energy crisis, inflation, and other factors that remain uncertain for the macro-environment, the company’s international operations cover a large number of countries and regions, maintaining overall robust growth through optimal operations.
In 2023, in the face of economic development and the geopolitical environment in different regions of the overseas market, the company adjusted its resources in time to optimize the organization of its operations and to ensure a steady growth in operations abroad of $23,977 million, an increase of 9 per cent.
The broad model is based on a three-tiered structure of large models, large industry models and task models. The basic model draws on knowledge of big data and features large parameters, high generalizations, and excellent performance. The large industry model builds on the large base model and uses industry data for further pre-training and fine-tuning, with specialist skills in targeted industry areas.
The mission model focuses on specific scenarios or operations, and is an important way to achieve large model capabilities. Based on decades of company accumulation, big data training, large model depths of activity.
Adding industry data to fine-tune large models of the production sector, with specialized industry competencies based on the high generalization of the basic model. 3. Five innovative business lines have evolved to build a new growth engine for corporate performance
Innovative business has grown well, becoming a powerful engine for long-term sustainable development for the company. Haekangway is focusing on video technology, starting with the deployment of innovative business in 2015. To date, the corporate innovation camps include the Firestone Network, the Haikang Robots, Haikang Automobile Electronics, Haikang Microvision, Sea Conkorm's Smart Storage, Sea Conkong Fire, Sea Conknage Shadow, Sea Conkage Shadows.
Eight sub-businesses, involving smart households, robotics, cars, thermal imaging, storage, fire protection, security, medical, etc. In 2023, the total revenue from corporate innovation was $18,553 million, together with the portfolio, providing a solid basis for the company’s long-term sustainability.
3.1. Haikang Robots: Focused Logistics and Industrial Sensitivity, which drives the production of digital and intelligent robots, with mobile robots and machine vision as the two main portals, with technology such as visual perception, ai, and navigation control at their core, assuming the strategic responsibility of heavy warehouse intelligence. The former targets manufacturing and in-field logistics to dive.
Volmr, transportcr, fork fmr and ctu, four major hardware product lines and robotic dispatch systems rcs, smart storage systems iwms, two software platforms running around the cycle in a segmented industry such as cars, 3c electrons, new energy sources, supermarkets, and all types of vertical power providers. Machine vision focuses on industrial senses, with industrial cameras as the vehicle around 2d visuals, etc.
Smart id and 3d visual product line layout and optimization, with vm (visionmaster) numeracy as a core, visual application ecology, working with industry partners to meet the needs of fragmented industrial landscape applications. As traditional manufacturing is further transformed, the need for automated logistics continues to flourish, and the future mobile robot market continues to grow.
In 2023, the company continued to increase the use of self-moved robots (amr) in terms of perception, planning, control, group synergy, and to further enhance their autonomy through 3d visual and other sensing technologies, in an effort to expand their applications and market size. As new energy, medical and other industries developed rapidly, and as a result of such techniques as ai, 3d, etc.
The future of the machine visual industry will continue to grow at a faster pace, with companies investing continuously in the fields of ai, 3d technology, vm software, standardized visual systems in 2023, by improving the technological innovation and delivery flow of software hardware products and platforms, helping users with the drop-down of their liftings, and assisting in the further development of intelligent manufacturing.
The human market will continue to grow by more than 40 per cent. In 2023, Heikang's robotic business generated $4.9 billion, a similar increase of 3.2.
After seven years of technological build-up, Flutterstone has built up a system of smart home products for “1+4+n”, centred on fluorescent clouds, “4” representing smart home cameras, smart entry, smart control, smart-service robots, four major classes of smart-houser core products, “n” representing iot open eco-business, from “intellectual” to “intellectual”
Living by Life, moving from home to the wider world of the Federation of Intellectuals. The Firestone Network has developed a two-way business, the Smart House Plus Clouds, to provide visual interactive intelligent life solutions for users of smart households living on the scene; and to target the clients of industry developers with devices for managing the network of things.
By the end of December 2023, there were 160 million registered users of the cloud platform, with more than 54,46 million active users per month, and a cumulative 25,97 million active users per year from end-of-end c users. The intelligent home industry has a wide space to develop, and the fluorescent network is expected to rely on smart homes for ecological benefits.
Statistics and projections indicate that the global smarthouse market has grown from $39.8 billion in 2017 to $10.4 billion in 2021, with a compound growth rate of 27.3 per cent, and is expected to break out of $200 billion by 2026, with wide scope for industry development. In all types of smarthouse equipment, home security, control and connectivity, smart household electricity, etc., occupy higher markets.
By 2024, the share of the field was 28%, 21%, 19%, etc., and the company’s current business and product layouts were highly consistent. At the same time, it should be noted that the penetration rate of smart households in the market is still low, and the Chinese market starts at a relatively late rate of 15%, and is expected to have greater market potential in the future.
Figure 41: Growing income from smart households on the Focalstone Network, by year, Figure 42: Size and Projections of the Global Smart House Market (US$ 10 billion) 3.3. Oceanic microfilm: Provision of multi-form products and one-stop integration services, enabling infrared imaging industries
Microfilm is centred on infrared imaging technology, based on mems technology, and provides global access to core devices, cores, modules, infrared thermal imaging products, and overall solutions. It is dedicated to contributing to the substantial decline in the cost of core components and to the expansion and enrichment of applications, with clearer images, more sophisticated intelligence, more efficient temperature testing and setting up.
More stable, more reliable, five advantages that drive infrared thermal imaging products from small to large. For example, 96*96 centrifugal cores, with less than a bottle cap size, are incorporated into functional hardware such as lenses, detectors, block integration and temperature, with much lower costs and power consumption; generic hardware interfaces and in-house tagging data facilitate product integration and integration.
New applications are opened in a variety of areas, such as instrumentation, smart hardware, object networking, intelligent homekeeping, and quarantine health. Based on the technological advantages of the company, the Microfilm business has developed rapidly, providing specialized breakdown services for customers in the fields of industrial heating, outdoors and pan-security.
With the development and maturity of infrared imaging technology, the size of future markets is expected to grow rapidly. In recent years, with the support of the country’s industrial policy, the country has taken ownership of whole-chain technology.
In the civil market, the applications of infrared imaging products, including industrial and electrical monitoring, personal consumption, intelligent driving, security surveillance, have played an increasingly important role in all areas of the national economy. The future will be accompanied by infrared thermal imaging, "interconnection."
Net+, mini-design technology further develops, and the infrared thermal imager will be used in a wider field of civil applications. Thanks to technological advantages, the oceanic microfilm industry has developed rapidly, providing specialized breakdown services to customers in the fields of industrial temperature measurement, outdoors, and pan-security, accounting for about 15% of the global market share of the infrared image industry.
Xiang Weibo achieved a gross operating income of about 3.3 billion yuan, an increase of about 18 per cent over the same period.
With video sensors at its core, the company combines radar, artificial intelligence, sensor data analysis and processing techniques to provide domestic and international service to passenger vehicles, commercial car customers, and consumer and industry users at all levels.
Rewinding media back-view mirrors, multimedia smart rear-view mirrors, advanced driving support systems, remote control terminals and platforms. In smart driving, companies focus on uv integration and cabin visuals, expanding the input of parking products and video smart surveillance systems, and achieving more than 10 headcar companies such as the Wall, Gilly, Chang-Ann, etc.
In 2023, Haikang achieved a gross operating income of $2.707 billion, an increase of 42 per cent compared to the previous year, accounting for 14.6 per cent of innovative business. Figure 46: Classification of products in the Haikang motor vehicle electronics market
The pre-car pre-car market has expanded steadily, the market has been consolidated, and the commercial car market has turned upside down. As domestic vehicle markets have continued to grow, the share of new energy vehicles has increased rapidly, the smartness of the whole vehicle has spread rapidly, and in 2022 the number of pre-vehicle sales and new projects has continued to grow.
There has been a steady growth in the volume of goods, a growing penetration of the CarLog and 360° panorama images, and an increase in both sales and output. Of these, 360° panorama systems are technologically advanced, applied to multiple international mainstream brands, covering nine major car departments, more than 60 models. The commercial car market is highly influenced by economic volatility, but companies have reversed it through product innovation and research and development inputs.
This has led to the completion of upgrading of bus, school, engineering, and the introduction of a full-scale new vehicle-based monitoring product matrix for the international market, covering all types of surveillance scenarios. As socio-economic recovery takes place, the commercial car market will continue to move in a more practical and integrated direction.
Figure 48: Heikang Automobile & Commercial Vehicle Technologies & Solutions, Customer Distribution 3.5. Haikang Storage: Towards China ' s leading storage overall solution provider, Heikang Storage is dedicated to providing professional storage overall solutions for global users, with business focus on industrial control, number
The company has complete design, development and manufacturing capabilities, covering solid hard disks, pre-storage, embedded storage and flash applications, four main product lines, with a variety of stored products, such as solid hard disks ssd, memory cards, web disks, mobile solid hard diskspsd, solid-state u-disk, etc.
Seacon, which has been stored in recent years in industry and channel markets, has completed a major layout of its domestic and foreign marketing networks, covering more than 150 countries and regions, and has worked amicably with more than 3,000 businesses throughout the world. In 2022, it generated $1.6 billion in business earnings, a year-on-year increase.
China’s semiconductor storage industry has fallen, with both opportunities and challenges for the domestic production semiconductor storage sector. From the competitive pattern of the domestic chip storage industry, led mainly by the foreign storage chip giant, domestic manufacturers have been struggling to catch up in recent years.
In some areas, breakthroughs have been made, gradually narrowing the gap with former plants abroad. The storage industry is highly competitive, with high market volatility, as in the case of drams, which are often in the throes, and some firms tend to bear the risk of large losses when the industry is depressed.
The current momentum of indigenous chip storage companies is increasing, and China is expected to upgrade its storage chip technology and boost its home-grown self-sufficiency in five years. According to forward-looking projections, China’s storage chip market is expected to be larger than $12 billion by 2028.
The original idea of living well, intelligently changing lives is to provide consumers with reliable storage equipment, systems, and storage solutions on a continuous basis, and to be China’s leading supplier of storage solutions as a whole. 4. Profit predictions and investment proposals
Core assumptions and revenue separation: Public service cluster pbg: 2022 affected by the new crown epidemic, limited public spending by the Government, partial reduction in the number of large-scale projects, leading to a decline in company pbg operations.
We, the digital government, have come to an opportunity period of rapid construction, demand has grown, and policy support has grown. The business community ebg: The digital transformation of traditional Chinese industries has been accelerating, the digital economy has been built, and progress has been made across borders, and new industries and models have flourished. The digital transformation has been driven by business and industry.
Small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs): The performance of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) is highly correlated with macroeconomics. In recent years, a combination of stress and momentum, such as control of the epidemic, economic volatility, policy orientation, and technology convergence, has led to a reversal of the middle- and small-sized enterprises and an acceleration of the digital transformation.
The recovery will lead to a gradual upturn in investment in security, digitalization and intelligence, with the potential to grow gradually Overseas major industries: the warming of overseas markets, the maintenance of faster growth in some parts of the economy, and good opportunities for firms abroad, and a sustained increase in the share of income in developing countries is expected to follow.
There are a number of countries and regions that focus on optimal operations and maintain robust overall growth. In the trend towards a return to global demand, robotic operations: as traditional manufacturing is further transformed and upgraded, industrial automation, digitization, intellectual growth accelerates, the demand for intelligent manufacturing continues to flourish, and the market for mobile robots is expected to remain high in the future.
Smart household business: The growing demand for family safety and the growing availability of smart equipment are driving the growth of the smart home market. The intelligent home sector has a wide scope, but the penetration rate in China is currently relatively low, and it is expected that there will be greater market potential in the future. We expect the company to have 2024-
Infrared thermal imaging: As infrared imaging technology develops and matures, the future market size is expected to move into a rapid growth phase, particularly in the civil sector, where applications of infrared imaging products will be further developed and play an increasingly important role in all areas of the national economy.
Automobile e-business: With socio-economic recovery, new energy vehicles are growing well, the whole car is intelligent, accelerating, and the company is expected to keep growing at a high rate by car and business. We expect the company's block of storage: emerging markets and individual consumers need to store chips as the information process accelerates.
We're looking at a growing momentum for local chip storage, and we're expecting the company's portfolio to invest in: we're selecting the main business to cover video surveillance products and technology, a large-scale stock with smarts as its core, science and technology, which is 60 times the average value of 2024pe as a comparable company.
Geopolitical environment risks: Global geopolitical uncertainties have increased significantly, and parts of the business environment have deteriorated. Companies will adjust the release of marketing resources to business opportunities, but their operations in some countries and regions may be adversely affected if the geopolitical environment deteriorates further.
2) Risks of technological upgrading: technologies such as artificial intelligence, big data, cloud computing, margin computing, etc. are rapidly evolving, and technology should be iteratively fast. Without close follow-up of technological updates and changes at the cutting edge, business innovation cannot be achieved quickly. The risk of uncertainty about the future development of companies will increase.
Downside risks in the global economy: some of the economies of the overseas countries have slowed down, potential risks such as regional economic fluctuations and debt defaults have not been eliminated; the pace of domestic economic recovery has yet to be observed and, in the transition to a new development model, the public sector has spread out the risks of a single region in a wide range of business configurations, but in the event of a global economic downturn, the corporate sector has become involved.
4) Risk of exchange rate fluctuations: Companies operate in various countries and regions of the overseas market, with major foreign currency settlements, exchange rate movements affecting sales, procurement and foreign currency exposures arising from financing, and corporate profitability.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.