Initial completion of alot strategic transformation with 24-year net return to mother ' s profit
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
In 2023, the public service community (pbg) collected $15,354 million, down from the same year.
4.84 per cent; the enterprise group (ebg) realized revenues of $17.845 billion, an increase of 8.12 per cent over the same period; the enterprise group (ebg) achieved revenues of $12.679 billion, an increase of 1.46 per cent over the same period; and the offshore main industry realized revenues that provided a wide range of digital products and solutions for the digital transformation of enterprises.
Continuing to improve internal operating mechanisms and optimize business processes as partners in the digital transformation of enterprises. The digital transformation of enterprises is a long process that will provide a huge boost to the future growth of firms’ business – ebg is optimistic, pbg still has the opportunity, and smbg is in a stable state. As the macro-environment changes,
The demand for government governance has also changed. In recent years, the government has focused more on issues such as livelihoods, economic development, and how to improve the efficiency of government governance, and how to improve the efficiency of social operations. Government needs are changing, but will persist.
Business income may decline and (government) investment will decline, but the overall basis is still that the basic social markets will grow at a better rate in the future. Companies help their firms to improve, reduce, and increase efficiency, which is a constant theme of their enterprises. Companies use technology tools and programmes to help them improve the quality and quality of their products.
Low operating costs and higher operating efficiency. In the past, products already existed for such tasks, but most of them were imported, and now companies have been able to provide some instrumentation-type products at this level, where companies continue to move up the industry. As industry concentration increases, industry leaders are broken down.
The size of firms in the field has increased, and the demand for technological upgrading and upgrading has increased, so companies believe that the business opportunities faced by ebg are entering a better era. In summary, in pbg, ebg, smbg, companies think that ebg as a whole is more optimistic; on the pbg, as in the past.
In the case of Smbg, after years of slump, it has become stable.