First-time coverage report for Nasda (002180), printing of the whole-industry chain on the layout, first-time coverage report for Nastad (002180.sz) with a very promising IT market.
The world's fourth-largest laser printer and the world's best integrated circuit design industry was founded in 2000 and dedicated more than 20 years to print visuals with “Apexmic”, “Gage”, “g&g”, “Lexmark” and “Bantu”
In 2021, companies achieved business income of 22,792 million yuan, an increase of 7.94 per cent over the previous year; net profit from non-repatriation of 658 million yuan, a decrease in the impact of the epidemic on the printer industry and strong market demand in the integrated circuit industry.
1) Printer industry: According to the domestic market, during the 2020 epidemic, the demand for household printing showed a blow-out. In 2021, the epidemic was effectively controlled and consumer market demand was reversed. According to ISR data, in 2021, the number of deliveries from Chinese printers was 1,845.2 thousand, compared to the same figure.
According to the Chinese Association of Semiconductor Industries, in mid-2021, the national integrated circuit industry sold 104,583 million yuan, an increase of 18.2 per cent.
(a) Printer operations: the Alliance's performance has been positive and its performance has grown rapidly: in 2021, the Alliance achieved operating income of $2,177 million, an increase of approximately 8.75 per cent compared to the previous year; and it achieved operating income of $3.870 billion.
71.87% increase in the same year. 2) Wastework: The company's brand "Gold" continues to be innovative, starting with high-performance embedded cpu, dedicated to building a safe printing environment, while developing healthy waste materials, the army and the army.
Nucleic-specific chip design technology, safety chip design technology, generic chip design technology, etc. In 2021, the company launched a completely new product based on the Cortexm4f series of mcu. The company is committed to becoming a leading technology service provider in the printing industry, providing high quality to users around the world.
1. Introduction to the printing industry, leading companies in creating a global brand 1.1 History: Deep Farming and Printing Images, R & D driving rapid development
Founded in 2000 and dedicated to the print image industry for more than 20 years, Nasda Inc. is now the world’s fourth largest laser printer manufacturer and industry, with an excellent integrated circuit design company. The company is China’s listed company, number 500. In 2014, the company was successfully listed.
More than 150 countries and territories have well-known brands in a number of industries, including “Aipikepexmic”, “G” and “g&g”, “static control”, “lexmark” and “pantum” . Company product technology covers laser printers and accessories, integrated circuit chips, core printer parts, common consumables, etc.
As of 30 June 2022, companies had 5,445 patented patents for autonomous research and development, of which 3515 were patents for inventions, 1348 patents for practical new applications, 401 patents for skin designs, 181 designs for software copyrights and integrated circuit maps. At the same time, another 1,489 patent applications are under review.
The company began with the production of general-purpose consumables for printers, and then developed the primary print-consuming chip, which has remained the leading business in the global print-consuming industry for nearly a decade. Market share has remained the first global: China's first “Bento” laser printer with autonomous intellectual property rights was developed in 2010.
The only company in the country with core critical laser printer technology built the largest printing industry in the country.
International, initial completion of the whole industry chain business layout of laser printers, from upstream parts and consumables to whole-office R & D, from low-end to high-end product series, from product sales to print service management solutions. 2017 National Nuclear High-Backed Major Tasks, Embedded Cpu Scale Application, mastered the national production-based architecture.
The black and white printer master soc chip technology is already being applied on a scale basis in the national production replacement of printers.Figure 2: Corporate Business Architecture The company's main business includes whole-of-industry operations for printers and integrated circuit operations.
Printer whole-chain operations: The company ' s printer business has covered the entire industry chain of printers, including lasers, printing machines, original laser printer loaders, printer master soc chips, printer chips, printer appliance, printing management services. After many years of technological exploration and innovation, the company has established a huge operation.
The basic proprietary technology platform, with more than a decade of technological accumulation, has acquired full access to core software technologies at all levels of printer origin and solidity, and has a printer engine with autonomous intellectual property rights. Integrated circuit operations: the company's integrated circuit design and applications are in the lead in the country, with cpu in place
The company’s design capabilities in the area of analogue ip have also been significantly enhanced through horizontal association. The company’s integrated circuit operations are based on applications in the printer industry (printing consumables, printer master soc chips) and are gradually expanded to applications outside the printer industry (e.g., generic mcu, etc.).
In addressing the technical difficulties of the industry and overcoming patent barriers, the company is at the forefront of the global market and aims to become an excellent supplier of embedded safety chips and generic mcu solutions for industrial control, consumer electronics, medical equipment, smart homes, and so on.
1.2 Financial analysis: significant increases in profitability, healthy growth of core business In 2021, companies achieved business income of $22,792 million, an increase of 7.94 per cent over the same period, of which 76.03 per cent was earned
Global epidemic control has been relaxed and market demand has recovered: in the context of global epidemic normalcy, European and American countries have gradually eased their epidemic control, market office printing demand has recovered significantly, global laser printers and consumption have been effectively pulled; home-grown supply chains have been built, and profitability has continued to increase: in an environment of supply-chain shortages in the laser printer market
Under this heading, the Group works with the Group to effectively overcome supply constraints and actively build home-grown supply chains, profitability and improved branding tools to raise the visibility of overseas brands: in the case of overseas power suppliers, the company ' s consumption brands have been successfully extended from the Amazon (amazon) platform to the ebay and Walmart platforms.
On the ground, the company, in cooperation with its agency partners in the United States, Canada, etc., has further opened up the North American market and expanded the sub-region to the extent that the company ' s revenue comes mainly from outside China (including exports). In 2021, China ' s revenue outside China (including exports) was 17.328 billion yuan, an increase of 1.56 per cent over the same period, accounting for 76.03 per cent of the company ' s operating income.
70%. Euro-American print markets recovered from the bottom of the epidemic in 2020, market demand recovered, and the LA grew by approximately 8.75% from its annual operating income of $2,177 billion. The management statement recorded annual interest depreciation and pre-amortization profits of $273.5 million, an 18% increase from the global semiconductor.
In a tight environment, the LCL supply chain team minimized the impact of the shortfall by working more closely with corporate groups. While the market’s demand for orders was not fully met, LCL printer sales increased by 14% in 2021. In 2021, the map achieved operating income of $3.870 billion, an increase of 71.87%.
The share of the field has increased, the unit price of printers in the commercial market has risen, the raw waste has begun to grow rapidly and the profitability has increased as printer holdings rise. From R&D, companies have been “market demand-oriented, technological innovation-centred,” focusing on market demand.
Reliance on advanced technology, using a variety of research and development models, such as co-development and autonomous development, to provide consumers with printing solutions that continuously meet their needs for office life, mainly for the colour laser printer development project, and for key parts and components of the colour multifunctional laser printer.
Research and development personnel: The company has steadily advanced its workforce, actively engaged in talent development, development, continuous introduction of high-end talent, and strengthened the international talent ladder. As at 31 December 2021, the global workforce of the company stood at 21787, of whom 50.22 per cent were university and above, and 50.22 per cent were undergraduate and above.
In 2021, the number of R & D staff reached 6.56 per cent, representing 35.45 per cent of the total. In terms of cost, the company ' s costs were mainly invested in sales and management.
Net cash flows from corporate operations amount to $21.59, 26.52, 20.13, 2.85 billion, respectively. 1.3 Equity structure: equity structure is concentrated and core teams are experienced. According to the company ' s semi-annual report for 2022, the shareholders in the company ' s holding stock are the Chuhaissana Printed Technology Inc.
The company actually controls Mr. Wang Dong Ying, Mr. Li Dong Fei, Mr. Tsang Yang Yun, Mr. Wang Dong Ying and Mr. Li Dong Fei have direct shares of 2.95% and 1.50% respectively.
Artificial laser printers, multi-dimensional printers, multifunctional (fax) single machines and laser drums, carbon powder, cartridges, ink, ink casings, colour belts, frames, computer externals, multi-dimensional printer accessories, multi-dimensional print consumables, etc. Printer consumption and products of spare parts for the above-mentioned products.
Mr. Wang Dong Ying, former Managing Director, Chuhai Nathda Enterprise Management Ltd., and Managing Director, Department of Printed Technology Limited, Chuhai Bayana. Chairman and Managing Director, Chuhai Sena Print Technology Company Ltd., and Executive Director, Department of Electronics Limited, Chuhai Bay. President, Corporation, October 2014-present.
Mr. Lee Dong Fei, former Director-General, Chuhai Nathda Electronics and Technology, Ltd., and current Director, Chuhai Print and Print Technology, Ltd., September 2014-present, and Chairman, Corporate Supervisory Board, March 2022-Sen Yangyun, former Managing Director, Jujuhai Epike Electronics, Ltd., and current owner, Chuhai Print and Technology, Inc.
Corporate directors, senior vice-presidents, chief technical officers, corporate supervisory boards, 1.4 equity incentives, September 2014-2022: Focus on core corporate talent, enabling companies to grow continuously. On February 28, 2022, companies published the Restrictive Stock Incentives Plan 2022 (draft).
Implementation of further development and enhancement of incentives for company directors to attract and retain excellence, full mobilization of company directors (including branches and holding companies), senior managers, middle-level managers, core cadres, and others in the company whose board of directors considers that incentives are needed to effectively leverage client interests, shareholder interests, companies
The combination of benefits and employee interests brings together concerns about the value of clients and the long-term development of the company. Incentives: the number of restricted shares to be awarded by this incentive scheme to the incentive audience is 5.36.5 million, or 0.38 per cent of the total equity of the company at the time of the draft incentive announcement (of which 0.36 per cent was awarded for the first time, set aside).
Incentive target: 464 persons were given incentives for the first time under this incentive scheme, including directors, senior managers, middle managers, core cadres and other persons the company board of directors considered to be in need of incentives at the time of the announcement of the incentive plan, not including independent directors of the company,
The company selects net profits as an incentive to evaluate the company’s profitability. On the cost side, the total estimated amortization cost for the first time is US$1,286,403.
Industry analysis: The printing market continues to expand and the demand for integrated circuits is high. 2.1 Printers industry: the impact of the epidemic is decreasing and office printing remains mainstream. Printers are one of the computer output devices used to print computer processing results on the media.
The printer has three indicators: print resolution, print speed, and noise. Printers are many, whether or not they hit the paper by print widgets, and split the typewriter and the non-strike printer. By print character structure, split the full-form printer and the pointer character printer.
Printers. As a result of the technology used, printers, such as fractal, spherical, inkjet, thermal, laser, electrostatic, magnetic, luminous diode, etc., are classified as printers.
The upstream printer industry provides mainly raw materials and spare parts for the manufacture of printers; the midstream is the printing mechanism; the manufacturer: downstream is the distribution channel; and the demand for printers has a slight negative impact on the global market as electronic offices develop in several industries.
In terms of the domestic market, during the 2020 epidemic, the demand for household printing showed a blow-out, with students on-line learning and teleworking of their staff leading to a large demand for jobs and document printing, which was the main driving force behind the growth of the market. In 2021, the epidemic was effectively controlled, production life was gradually regularized, and consumer market demand emerged.
In 2021, the number of Chinese printers dropped to 1,845.2 thousand. In 2021, according to IRC data, the volume of inkjet printers dropped by 3.7 per cent in 2021 from the area in which the printer was broken down. The number of laser printers dropped by 7.2 per cent from the same year.
In 2021, 51 per cent of total deliveries were made by laser printers, 38 per cent by inkjet printers and 11 per cent by needle printers.
• Inkjet printer — laser printer — needle printer — integrated circuit industry 2.2: downstream demand continues to be released, industry maintains robust growth Integrated circuits, short for i, a certain number of commonly used electronic components, such as resistance, capacitors, transistors, etc.
The integrated circuit industry is the cornerstone of modern information technology. From an operational point of view, the integrated circuit industry chain is engineered with electrical design, designed by a circuit design company, and then commissioned the chip manufacturing plant to produce crystal circle.
By 2021, the global semiconductor market grew at a high rate. According to Wsts, the global semiconductor market reached $5,559.9 billion in 2021, an increase of 26.2 per cent.
In 2021, China’s “14th Five-Year” was launched, and the domestic integrated circuit industry, driven by good macroeconomic performance, continued to grow rapidly and steadily, with the Chinese integrated circuit industry breaking 100 billion yuan in 2021 for the first time. According to the Chinese semiconductor industry association, China’s integrated circuit industry sold 104,583 billion yuan in 2021.
Of this 18.2 per cent increase, 45,1.9 billion yuan was sold in the design industry, an increase of 19.6 per cent in the same year, 31,763 million yuan in manufacturing sales, an increase of 24.1 per cent in the same year, and 27,6.3 billion yuan in the encapsulation testing industry, an increase of mcu, which is central to intelligent control and is widely applied in areas such as industrial control, automobiles and new energy sources, high-end consumption, etc.
The growth of Mcu’s market demand is likely to grow over the long term, along with the growth of new energy vehicles and the advent of Internet connectivity. According to the United States dollar, China’s market size was $5.3 billion in 2019, accounting for 30.2 per cent of the global market, and China’s market size is expected to reach $5.7 billion in 2022. In terms of product applications, the next 32 places are expected to be in the future.
The mcu ratio will be on the rise. The future downstream application landscape is more complex, requiring a higher degree of integration and enrichment of the mcu, with 32 mcu working frequencies ranging mostly from 100 to 350 mhz, with better performance and more diverse applications.
3. Competitiveness analysis: barriers to technological innovation, global market big picture 3.1 Printer operations: Alliance of Litres, synergies in long-term growth space, active participation in global market competition, companies will seek early entry in total printer output
3.1.1 Littre des appliances de l ' état internationale (lexmark) Ltd., established in 1991 and based in Lexington, Kentucky, mainly to serve the corporate market.
Clients in manufacturing, retailing, financial services, health care, education, government, etc. Lexmark is recognized as a global leader in printing hardware, services, solutions, and security by leading market analysts in a number of high-tech industries. Successful corporate M&As in 2016 further expanded and refined the printing chain.
In 2021, the Alliance achieved operating revenue of $2,177 million, an increase of about 8.75 per cent over the previous year, and, looking ahead, the Alliance will continue to implement cost-saving strategies, consolidate its relations with Oem partners, and continue to work with strategic partners at the nuclear enterprise level to reduce the impact of stock shortages, as the global supply chain system gradually recovers to the epidemic.
At the former level, the Alliance’s printer business is expected to grow even more. The Alliance was born in the corporate sphere and remains committed to creating mobility, safety, and intelligence with the needs of large enterprises.
Lexmark action device: LAF provides the user with a lexmark action device operating system, which can be printed by the user at any location, and lexmark printing management can enter a series of processes with flexibility, regardless of whether the desktop or mobile platform is used, to address all security aspects related to software development (from planning, design to implementation)
Problem, including quality assurance, distribution and maintenance. Ssdl provides the first-ever protection check point that meets the unique security requirements of the client: Lexmark smart multifunctional digital complexe ecosystem:lexmark smart multifunctional digital complex.
The state-of-the-art system brings together hardware, software, tools and services, a set of technologies and functions that are enabled by each Lexmark smart multifunctional digital composite machine. Together with the IT infrastructure and application, it improves the operation of day-to-day tasks and processes through smart power and streamlines the management of changing business and technological environments.
On July 18, 2022, the company issued a notice on the signing of the Credit Agreement by the offshore holding subsidiary, U.S.L.A.L. Ltd. in 2016, the company joined the pagasiacapitallexMarkholding Limited and the Shanghai Schoda Investment Centre (limited partnership) as an offshore subsidiary, ninestarholdingscompanymited.
Completing the acquisition of 100 per cent of the shares of LIC Ltd., with the establishment of a subsidiary in the Cayman Islands and a subsidiary in the United States of America in Delaware and a subsidiary in the United States of America in Newstarlexmark Company Limited acting as a global hold-up to the Guangzhou branch of the Bank of China.
In order to supplement the operating funds of the Alliance International, a liquidity loan consortium was re-established in 2021. As of the end of June 2022, the stock balance of the Alliance International was approximately $1.08 billion and will expire in 2023 and 2024.
In order to address the pressure of the League to pay back in 2023 and 2024, to secure the liquidity of the League over the next five years, to improve the guarantee conditions of the stock group, to remove the systemic risk of corporate guarantees, to reduce the balance of external guarantees, to refinance the stock group through the international market, and to refinance the new loan group in the United States.
The completion of this refinancing enabled the company to cancel its stock group debt to LCL.