Clouds continue to grow at a high rate, and a new generation of cloud products is about to be launched on 30th of April, 2020, which is $618 million over the same period last year.
▪ The downswing in the quarter does not affect expectations throughout the year, and the cloud service business continues to grow at a high rate: corporate performance, mainly due to a decline in revenues from the phase-out of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, but the company has increased its investment in research and development according to its annual plan, with higher staff costs and rigid expenditures, as well as investment receipts
Corporate cloud services (excluding financial cloud services) help business clients reduce the impact of the epidemic by supporting business operations and management activities online, generating an income of $218 million, an increase of 74.4 per cent, and continuing high growth in the software industry.
Revenues of $564 million were realized, a decrease of 33.3 per cent in the same year; payments for services were received at $210 million, an increase of 182.6 per cent in the same year; and Internet access to finance for information services generated 82.827 million households, of which the cumulative number of client payers was 537.2 million, an increase of 4.9 per cent compared with the end of 2019.
paas Business Innovation Model, a low-code development platform, is expected to be launched in the second quarter: companies can develop and sell software products on the Paas platform by strengthening the platform/middle-stage R & D drive to build a friendly cloud ecology.
In order to better promote the standardization of the development partnership system using the Soyun platform, the Soyun Market has officially launched the saas accelerator program and has successfully signed on to it.
There are more than 70 partners. The q2 low-code development platform is expected to be officially launched, prompting the rapid emergence of a new generation of cloud applications that will help powerful clients to break through: large firms themselves have a strong intellectual need: the trend towards national substitution in the erp area is becoming increasingly evident.
1. Friends Network (600588). Cloud opportunism, digitalization of large-scale enterprises, intelligent business innovation development, successful contracting of half of technology, new clients, doubling.
In the post-epidemiological era, companies will accelerate their efforts to break through major customers, thus creating a sticking effect, with the prospect of achieving a long-range service for large-scale companies.
Quantities. At the same time, research and development inputs for cloud services will continue to be strengthened, and a new generation of cloud applications for large and medium-sized enterprises2 and for the user network (600588), are expected to be released in the second quarter of this year.
The research and development effort, the cloud industry, the new equity incentive program, the motivation of the workforce, the increased competitiveness of the company's follow-up products, and the wide range of national production alternatives and the prospect of large group cases coming in this year.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board