Short-term performance pressure and high growth of cloud services - 20-year quarterly review of the Friends Network (600588.sh) Corporate rating: increase (maintenance)
1) A quarter of the performance is under pressure. During the reporting period, the company achieved business income of $1,089 million, a decrease of 13.1 per cent compared to the previous year, resulting in a net return profit of $237 million, compared with the delay in the resumption of work by its clients during the same period last year.
2. Cloud services continued to grow at a high rate. During the reporting period, software operations were severely affected by the new crown epidemic, resulting in revenues of $564 million, a decline of 33.3 per cent compared to the previous period.
Research assistant: Rowanyan, entry continues to decline due to regulatory factors, with a combined income of $293 million for financial operations, an increase of 8.06 per cent from the previous year.
This represents a significant increase of 74.4 per cent, of which 32 million yuan, corresponding to 80.6 per cent, and 187 million yuan for cloud services in large and medium enterprises.
As of 20 years, q1, the cumulative number of paid users of company cloud services amounted to 537.2 million.
R & D costs of $341 million, or 31.3% of income, and is not covered by income 2. The user network reports three quarters of the time: performance is in line with the downside. Companies continue to accelerate the clouding of their products, targeting large firms, companies.
A number of products, such as a new technology hub, block chain platform, were released to speed up progress.
Quickly upgraded yonsuite and introduced cloud service products like smooth and smooth business, smart +, and so forth, comparing the performance of the friend network (600588.sh) with the 300-skinner. We believe that there is a high degree of product standardization and a large number of product-type R & D investments.
The cloud’s transformation into a deep water zone, where traditional software operations may have lost some of their customers, but the company’s leadership is strong, and the company’s services and eco-development are going well.
Keeping up with the "building" rating. \triangleright is in a critical period of cloud transformation, and if cloud computing technology is blocked, it will delay public access.
The cloud transformation process, which in turn affects the performance of the company. > The cloud transformation led to loss of customers. > The company accelerated the cloud transformation process and stopped selling nc products in the second half of 2019.
Not all of them are converted into nccloud clients; if the loss rate increases in the future, it will affect the company’s industry’s own open channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis in the report is based on its own professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects its own research views, and the findings are not subject to any third party approval or influence.