China Taibo (601601) "Long Air" also needs a new engine.
The Chinese Taibo published its annual report for 2021, during which the company achieved operating income of $4,406.43 million, together with an insurance group formed on the basis of the China Pacific Ocean Insurance Company, which was established on 13 May 1991.
The company, with its headquarters in Shanghai, is the leading “a+h” stock group in the country.
During the reporting period, companies continued to operate well, with operating income and net profits, and continued to diversify their operations around the chain of insurance owners, resulting in an increase in the same amount. Of this amount, life insurance revenue was $21,685 million, a decrease of 0.1 per cent;
Income from the life, maternity, old-age and health insurance operations has been realized at $15,4611 million, an increase of 3.3 per cent over the same period, but the life insurance new business value ratio is the same as the insurance, agricultural insurance and asset management full-scope model layout.
Significant reduction of 15.4 percentage points, resulting in a 24.8 per cent reduction in the value of the new business, thereby accelerating the return of its intrinsic value
The value chain is being reshaped, and the company’s life insurance business is on the verge of collapse. In the event of repeated outbreaks of the epidemic, the theory has internalized into the company’s life gene: a focus on value addition.
Long: life insurance operations pursue high-quality new business value-added; macroeconomic and disposable incomes of the population are exposed to downside risks; insurance products as optional consumer products are long; production insurance operations are on a profitable basis; asset management operations are maintained;
There is also a “consumption downgrading” problem, with companies facing a pattern of product structure, pricing, and marketing strategies over the reporting period that achieving returns on their investments continues to outpace the cost of indebtedness.
The monthly policy continues to fall by 5.4 pct and 6.4 pct, respectively, thus affecting the intrinsic rate of value increase. How fast and effective growth is taking place, and how the relationship between the size and value of the premium remains one that companies need to address.
In the context of change initiatives, companies contribute to life insurance performance and value growth. In the context of channel reform, companies use financial science and technology to promote proselytism, specialization, and digitization.
Reform to introduce professional and structured training through the “core” basic law and a specialized marketing platform
Value points, value products, high-quality teams, three value strategies, effective layout of regional and channel channels, and cross-cutting growth in insurance revenues. At the same time, companies have taken advantage of their policies to build high-quality old-age community “heavy homes” around the needs of their residents.
Three product lines are well established, effectively matching multi-level, multi-age old-age needs, and are supported by a health management service called the "Thai Blues" . It is expected that, with the continued extension and expansion of the safety and well-being industry chain, the life insurance business will return to the fast-growing lanes.
The challenge of the slow pace of value growth, which is expected to continue under the epidemic, is that the company’s new business values and premiums will continue to increase in the short term. But the company’s ongoing business and channel reforms and its ability to increase efficiency through financial science and technology are expected to gradually reverse the current disadvantage.
The company is expected to provide a new “engine” for the growth of its performance by building a healthy industry chain and exploring investment in a healthy industry through cooperation with international investment agencies.
In general, we still look at the company’s long-term development prospects, so we maintain a “recommended” rating. The company’s current valuation is only 0.39 x 22evps, with a high medium- and long-term investment value, and proposes to build up a rich and prosperous East.
We need a new engine for Long Air, the source of financial prosperity and prosperity in the East, Liu Jiayuan.
B.A., University of Wuhan, Master's degree, University of Nankai, “Mathematics + Finance” complex background. Four years of banking experience, seven years of non-banking financial research, two years of banking research experience. First in the 13th New Wealth and Silver Finance Industry in 2015 and fourth in the 14th New Wealth and Silver Finance Bank in 2016. Ninth Crystal and Silver Finance Industry in 2015 and 10th Crystal and Non-Bank Finance Industry in 2016.
Master of Economics, 2019, joined East Hing Securities. The researcher's own opinion. Any part of my pay has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the Chinese taupe (601601) "Long Air" still needs a new engine.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.