28/08/2022: On 24/08, the company collected 3,736 million yuan in the Middle Report 2022.
Billion dollars (Yoy+15.02%). For 2q22 alone, the company collected $1.818 billion (Yoy+1.27%, less domestic wireless orders in 2q22, but higher sales revenue and good orders. The company ' s q2 stock fell for resale, and the Māori rate improved to 32.59%, an increase of 0.35 pct, an increase of 6.64 pct over the same year.
In the first half of 2022, the company's communications board collected 2,372 million yuan, an increase of 5.10 per cent. The company's Yellowstone plant was growing in capacity on the fifth generation of servers, making it more profitable, while adding new demand to the development of the 5g base station.
Construction slowed down the negative impact of pcb demand, but corporate growth was constrained by the epidemic and the shortage of chips. Intel and amd announced that the next generation would roll out Eagle s010521120004 at this critical time of global digital transition.
The company has shifted its focus from the 5g wireless side to network equipment and data centres, and its high-frequency high-speed pcb product is expected to be available.
Li Xiaoqing Inch has been produced in bulk, based on pcie 5.0 interfaces and high-level smartnet card products at the 200/400g port has entered the client sample sampling phase, and the single channel 112gbps related process has been developed.
The order below 22 floors of the plant was transferred to the Yellowstone Factory to cut through improvements and improvements in the processing of the plant.
1. In-depth report on the power share (002463.sz): The amount of gas generated by the plate was $892 million, a decrease of 0.76 per cent from the previous year. Although the company ' s carboard operations at Yellowstone 2 were over-expected, the power of the car grew and the industry sailed away by 2022/07/1.
Long, but limited by the epidemic, which led to high power cuts and raw materials and short-term pressure on company performance. The profitability of the company’s carboard business will improve without a recovery in the supply chain, an optimized product structure and lower material prices.
High-speed material applications, re-use of the technical advantages of the circuit boards in the motor panels, consolidation of the competitive advantages of high-end pcb in areas such as adas, power systems, electrification, auto electronics, and gradual adjustment of product and output structures. At the same time, companies transfer medium- and low-end carboard products to the Yellowstone 2 plant, and new carboard lines.
The company is also working with its old German company, using its branding advantages, and is expected to cut into internationally recognized car manufacturers like BMW, Mercedes, and others, with growing profitability. In telecommunications and automobiles, the benefits of server platform upgrades and motor intelligence drive, the company’s performance is expected.
\triangleright methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, produces the report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.