Three-quarterly review of Chang An's car (000625.sz): net return to mothers increased by 131 per cent in the previous three quarters, and there was a significant increase in R & D inputs.
The previous three quarters saw a 131% increase in net profit from the previous three quarters. Chang An's three-quarter report, 2022, achieved business income of 85,352 million yuan, or 8% in the first three quarters of the year, of which q3 achieved business income of 28,778 million yuan, or 28 per cent/+31 per cent in the same ring ratio; and at the profit end, three quarters of the first quarter of 2022.
In the first three quarters of 2022, as a result of recurrent outbreaks, high temperature restrictions on electricity and shortages of supplies from suppliers, companies experienced significant increases in human, material, and other costs, and there was a significant gap in end delivery. Four quarters of companies adhered to the red line of quality, dedicated to meeting production needs, and worked hard to meet their target of 2.45 million vehicles throughout the year.
In 2022, q3 companies made a strong push for a third entrepreneurship and accelerated strategic transformation. Chang An's car was key to a “resolved transformation, innovation breakthrough, digital drive, boost efficiency” and services built a new development landscape and advanced a third.
Entrepreneurship, 2021, with a year-round sales of 2.31 million vehicles, an increase of 14.8 per cent in comparison with the previous year, with the same city share increasing 0.8 percentage points and returning to the fourth place of the Automobile Group; Chang An, a Chinese branded car sales of 1.75 million vehicles, a 16.7 per cent increase from the same year, is the second largest in the industry; and the Chinese brand has a narrow vehicle industry.
Long An (000625.sz) - Middle Report: The first six months of performance grew by 239% and ranked second in the industry. In 2022, the Group ' s overall objective was 2.45 million vehicles (target year + 6.5%), and, by brand, 1 million vehicles were hit and sold, 250,000 vehicles in Eusang and 200,000 vehicles in the Cape.
Longan Car (000625.sz) - The brand continues to grow upwards, with significant growth in performance. 200,000 vehicles each hit overseas and new energy sources this year, 350,000 vehicles each hit by Anfort and 200,000 vehicles in Madeira.
The first three quarters saw a 131% increase in net profit compared to the previous three quarters.
Billion dollars, 131 per cent higher than the previous year, $3.839 billion higher than the previous 121 per cent higher than the previous 121 per cent; of that amount, q3 was affected by a shortage of real capital, with significant increases in the cost of company human and material resources, and significant gaps in end delivery. Four quarters of the year, the company will unite suppliers, distributors, maintain quality red lines, ensure that resources are in place and do everything it needs.
The production needs, the stock window and the incremental opportunity period, continued to attract and take over the market, and determined to meet a year-round target of 2.45 million businesses. Products continued upwards, with a significant increase in the same ratio.
The company’s ability to define products, and its brands continue to “newly upwards.” The company insists on client experience-oriented focus on user needs, continuously developing product definition models, and further improving the compatibility of products with user needs.
Updating of an iterative product market equation for fuel and Electrified products, life cycle and competition scenarios Step-by-step improvements, individualized configurations and attractions such as engine software, and, for new automobile products, promoting a deep shift in product to full-life user experience through a review of user operations and resource matching.
This year, the company's second generation of cs75plus, un-kidd, un-v, Oshanz6, Chang Anlumin, Aveta 11, etc., are all new and alternative products.
Firms continue to invest in innovation, continue to increase their investment in science, technology, research and development, and the ownership of core technologies.
In the new energy sector, autonomously developed long-an-Sept-a-Sense cores, multiple-a-Swiss power drives, respectively, yield and small batches, test production, and the rate of generalization of powered dedicated platforms has been raised to 86%. In the intelligence sector, smart parking systems have been achieved. Technology breakthroughs have resulted in un-v winning the Smart Parking Award for the 2022widc World Smart Driving Challenge; and piloting intelligence.
The company has launched the Blue Whale idd hybrid power system, which won user approval when the first vehicle, uni-kidd, was listed; the new digital pure brand was officially released, the first vehicle, deep blue sl03 under the flag was released and pre-sold, accelerated the seizure.
The mainstream electric car market; in partnership with Ningde, the world's leading platform for smart motor technology – Chn, Avita 11, and limited Avita 011. Innovative construction of a "Cloud-Net-Pilot-Scene" business model that promotes new marketing models, and piloting a new smart marketing model for electric products lumin.
Existing product matrices are rich, and are expected to benefit fully from policy growth. Under this cycle of purchasing taxes to boost consumption demand, we believe that high-quality fuel cars with abundant product matrices (low-oil solar syntheses are expected to become a bright spot) and that there is a high-quality fuel industry with a high-yielding product matrix.
The benefits are expected to be given priority to new energy vehicles with strong product power, new product cycles, and high-quality car parts and components (Byadi, Uri and Hwa as industrial chains). The number of cars benefiting from the 1.6-2l platoon is high, the autonomous brand uni +cs new cycle, the build-up of new energy deep blue brands, and the business product cycle.
With relative excellence, it is expected to enjoy the full range of the wheels. Miles, Eid 8at, a cross-sectional stream of lead light, 12.3 inches of double screens, 540° high-sight images, a large-screen viewing skylight, and six full-system logos for the airbags, bring high-value product experiences to users (2).
Univ was listed in March this year at an official price range of $108.9 million to $13.19 million, using a sneaking back design, with a strong sense of motorism throughout the vehicle, with electric lifts and tailings, a uni-k design style with an overall sense of technology and three multifunctional steering wheels, 12.3-inch liquid crystal control screens, and all.
In 2022, the JCG had an overall target of 2.45 million vehicles (target + 6.5%), with a sub-brand view, with an average of 350,000 vehicles, 350,000 vehicles and 200,000 vehicles. In the first half of 2022, the company's target was almost half complete.
Of these, the Group had an overall target of 1.12 million vehicles (up to 6 per cent) and, by brand, 630,000 (up to 5 per cent); 100,000 (up to 94 per cent) sold overseas; 85,000 (up to 128 per cent) sold autonomous new energy sources, 110,000 (up to 7 per cent) and 60,000 (up to 6 per cent).
To promote entrepreneurship for the third time, and to accelerate strategic transformation. With the key to “resolved transformation, innovation breakthroughs, digital drivers, and efficiency gains”, the new development landscape of services is built, the third entrepreneurship-innovation initiative is firmly advanced.
In 2021, sales volume increased by 14.8 per cent over the year, with the corresponding increase of 0.8 percentage points in the city, returning to the fourth place in the Automobile Group; Chang An, a Chinese branded car sales of 1.75 million vehicles, a 16.7 per cent increase over the same year, ranked second in the industry; and Chinese brands, a narrow-rider enterprise, ranked second in the industry.
Innovative marketing models for future competition, enhanced top-level planning, and group smart marketing centres. Corporate systems, Constabulary IUP, eco-planning, shared and light asset-based channel changes, group channels, efficient use of resources. Framework for uniservice service systems, with the five city trio built and built.
Pilot business, smart security, magic-changed curry appointments, etc., are officially online, providing users with an innovative service style of “efficiency & convenience, wisdom & initiative.” Organizational restructuring: small headquarters, career groups, shared platforms, and incubation innovation.
The core responsibilities of the Department of Enterprise, which is primarily user research, branding and marketing of products, are that all resources that the group can share must be integrated and fully shared, including human resources, manufacturing resources, research and development resources, and so on. In addition, companies have been reconfigured through the creation of new subsidiaries.
To accelerate the pace of strategic transformation and further optimize the layout of the industry. (1) In the case of intelligent driving, the “Beidou Sky Constabulary” is a powerful project.
The system, which supports automatic location within a 30-m range, controls remote parking by mobile phones, and the accuracy of small parking spaces to achieve industry leadership: volume-aar navigation, four-screen connections, gesture control, track mode, smart welcome guests, etc.
With regard to the energy layout, product production is optimized, and the Shangri-La program is moving at a more robust pace. A new generation of new technologies for super-collective power drive and power drive through battery zero-fire technology has been launched, a smart whole vehicle has been built, and the domain controller, "intellectual core"svdc, has introduced high-extenssion, high-compatibility, high-prevalence, high-prevalence tightness for autonomous research and development.
In cooperation with companies such as Lithium China, Ningde, etc., to upgrade new energy products for battery safety and basic performance. Designing a project to upgrade the plant, complete the re-engineering of Chongqing's power-driven production line, and accelerating the "3Cs, brands, products, service modes" transition, we hope to benefit from the opportunities of self-empowerment. We maintain the profits.
Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors' assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors' past, present or future absence of studies on them