Single ticket operation: 7 points down in q2 unit core cost and 4 points down in net profit for mothers. 25h1 company single ticket revenue of $2.19, corresponding to 6.55 per cent, is influenced by factors such as competition in the industry and a heavy drop in goods; single ticket core cost of 0.64, corresponding to 7 points down in the same year, mainly benefiting from public revenues
The impact of factors such as cost control in the division and lower oil prices, including: 0.37 bill transportation costs (6 points below the same year), 0.27 bill centre operating costs (one point below the same year); 0.17 billings, 7 points below the same level, of which 0.34 bill transport costs (five points below the same year) and single ticket centre operations
\triangleright ' s 25q1 and 25q2 courier operations were 6,779 million and 8,084 million, respectively, representing an increase in the same proportion of net operating cash flows for the first half of the year by +13.99 per cent and capital expenditure by +63.98 per cent.
25H1 net operating cash flow of 2,634 million yuan, or +13.99 per cent, of which 25q2 yuan, representing a decrease of $0.032 per year. 25h1 purchase and construction of fixed assets, intangibles and other long-term assets.
Air cargo and international operations are expected to build a second-largest growth of the company.
Assessment of circular express (600233.sh) : Quick October: Outreach around international couriers, international freight and supply chain operations and overall enhancement of integrated corporate services : mid-2024
Review: 24h1 express-way business return net profit with steady margin Profit forecast and investment rating: Sinda Securities Inc.
In our view, it's digital engineering, scale effects, and career managers.
Under the three advantages of the human system, it is expected that the quality of company courier operations will continue to improve and that the “buy-in” risk factors will be maintained: demand for physical commodity networks will fall short of expectations; competition for electricity suppliers’ express delivery prices will worsen; end of line \triangleright
In the major areas of transport such as transport, logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation, and maritime transport, several provinces submitted external assessments. In 2023, they joined the Sunda industry, mainly for aviation, airports, etc. In 2024, they joined the Sunda industry, mainly for couriers, logistics, roads, etc.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.