Circular Express (600233.sh): The price battle has led to a small drop in profit and cost-side optimization.
The net profit was 1,831 million yuan, a decrease of 7.90 per cent in the same year. Of this amount, q2 was the mother ' s net profit of $974 million, compared to the integrated international supply chain of finance, commerce, etc.
Business growth has been steady and market share has increased slightly: in the first half of 25 years, companies achieved 1,463 million turnover. Listed companies, with more than 5,100 branches, service outlets and terminals, with more than 80,000 centres of various types of philanthropy.
In 133 cases, with more than 450,000 employees, the service network has achieved a service volume of 8,084 million q2, an increase of 21.84 per cent over the same period.
Single-ticket revenue declined as a result of the price war: 25h1 company single-ticket income of $2.19, compared to the same period last year (a decrease of $0.142/vote). The decline in single-ticket income resulted in a decline in single-ticket profits due to growth in the volume of company business, 12.81% and 3.63%.
Increase in the number of votes by 7 per cent and decrease in the price of finished oils; decrease in the centre's operating costs is mainly due to the per capita efficiency of the company - the total equity/transita share (million shares) - The cost of single ticket collection and delivery services is $1.34, which is almost the same as the same period last year, indicating a rounding of headquarters
Most of the downward pressure on prices and the relatively limited impact of the price wars on the conglomerates have helped to maintain the stability of the conglomerates system in the price wars, which, despite short-term capital gains, have favoured the long-term development of the whole conglomerate system.
Dollars, of which the core cost of single votes was 0.07 dollars less than the same time, the company ' s share of single votes for the reporting period was 0.17 dollars, continuously optimizing the quality of its products and building core competitiveness: in the face of increasing industry price competition, the company continued to improve the quality of its services. The rate of loss of a company ' s fast pieces fell by 59% compared to the same period, and the rate of false signatures declined from the same time.
Twenty-one percent. With the company expanding its bulk and reverse logistics operations, depending on the quality of its services, it is expected that the season price war will ease. Since July, the issue of volume and volume competition has been the focus of attention in the relevant sectors, and the National Postal Service has repeatedly emphasized the strengthening of regulation and industry self-regulation, everywhere.
The price war is expected to ease during the season, and the industry’s profitability is expected to improve, and companies will benefit from it.
We maintain a firm’s “very recommended” rating. East’s financial and intellectual booms, circular express (600233.sh): price wars have led to a small decline in profits, and cost-side optimization is clear.
The source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of prosperity, the round express (600233.sh): The price wars have led to a small decline in profits, and the cost side is clearly optimized.
Cao Fung, Master of Science in Mathematics and Applied Mathematics, University of Gangan, 9 years of experience in investment studies, 2015-2018.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities reported a round-trip (600233.sh): The price war has led to a small decline in profits, a clear cost-side optimization, and there is no guarantee that the information and advice contained in it will not change. We have tried to be objective and fair in reporting, but the generals in the text,
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.