Xudong Postal Service calls for “anti-intra-film” and corporate profits are expected to improve: a recent meeting of the Party Group of the National Postal Administration, which highlighted the need to further strengthen industry regulation.
The Post Office has called for a “anti-intra-intra-intra-in-house” competition, and the price wars in the industry are expected to ease: the current price battle in the express delivery sector is about 8.20% lower than in the previous year.
In view of the recent proliferation of anti-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-in-house policies, we believe that the post office’s counter-intra-intra-intra-intra-in-theatre implementation is expected to go beyond previous years, and that the price war in the express outlet sector will slow down.
The company's size and bargaining power are superior to that of its counterparts, and it is expected to benefit from the “anti-intra-volume”: from a volume point of view, the completion of the company's courier operations from January to May 2025 amounted to 12.24 billion items, larger than the hyena.
Active acquisition of cargo aircraft, digitization of layout, product timeliness, and service experience are better than the same. We recognize that institutional investors account for the share of circulation a, and that, as the Post Office “reverses the internal volume” measures move forward, the industry price battle is expected to ease, while the public is expected to do so.
The division, as the leader of the express delivery industry, is better in size and bargaining power than its counterparts, and we value the company’s return to single-ticket prices, which will release profit elasticity. For the benefit of the industry’s “reverse inwards,” profits are expected to rise, and companies will be given “buy-in” investments for this.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.