M.M.I. (30760) Medical biomedical devices, then M.I. (300760): valuation returns and market prospects remain wide.
With the new crown epidemic under control, China and the world’s health-care market are in desperate need of new growth points. As the leader of China’s medical equipment industry, Méri’s health-care industry has shown a tendency to lead the country’s production and catch up with foreign capital in its domestic competition, and has continued to break through high-end customers in its overseas competition.
At this stage, corporate valuations return to historical lows, while the company’s core business will continue to have significant development space. This report will analyse Murray’s investment values and prospects for development in the following areas: long-term growth is robust, short-term valuations are back to historical lows from a peg perspective.
Global comparison: Intuitive capital/flow (millions of shares) in the world’s leading medical equipment companies, Mary’s medical collection and net profit is closer in scale to intuitive surgery and Edward’s life science.
Co and Murray are expecting a net profit increase of about 20% over the next three years, while the total intuitive market value/flow (millions) is significantly higher than the value of Murray's.
Highest/minimum 12-month medical care is in a faster and longer term, with a significant investment value from a peg perspective. Domestic comparison: currently, Méri ' s medical valuation has a higher investment value compared to its rate of increase.
M.M.I.M. (300760) M.M.I.B.; M.M.A. also has a net asset rate of return at the top of the industry.
The reason for this is that the market is concerned about collecting revenues that affect the company’s vd business, but the company’s actual performance proves that gathering is beneficial to the country’s head producers to increase their market share. Since August 2023, as a result of China’s health-care anti-corruption campaign, the company’s stock prices have fluctuated again.
Report: There has been a rapid growth in all three production lines, and it has been argued that medical anti-corruption and collection policies are similar and do not affect market performance in the production of multi-valued new products under the control of compliance.
The long-term logic of the growth in the performance of manufacturers. At present, the medical pea is back in history.
Look at markets and products: part of the product performance is at the top of the world, it continues to grow, both within and outside the world, and the ultrasound is fast up -- penetration, vd and seed business are the bright spots of the future.
2022/10/27 Life information and support: In the domestic market, according to company statistics, new infrastructure facilities for medical care have increased further to $23 billion in 23 years.
In vitro diagnosis: According to Sullivan ' s consulting data, the market rules for the in vitro diagnostic industry in China for 2020 are based on the fact that high-end customers are able to sustain their penetration and market prospects, as a result of the fact that the competitiveness of firms ' products is at the top of the global class.
And look at Murray's Medical Care (300,760): The valuation returns, and the market prospects are still wide. In this case, immunization diagnostics remain highly monopolized by foreign capital, with only about 25% of national production. As the in vitro diagnostic reagents enter the market, the company is expected to make the market through a collection.
Through the acquisition of Desai, the company has improved its supply chain overseas, enhancing the certainty of the growth of the production line overseas. Medical images: the company’s revenue from the production line is dominated by ultrasound.
With an annual compound growth rate of 11.1 per cent to $23.8 billion in 2025, the current city of Murray is about 24.8 per cent. The global market for ultrasound video equipment is expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate of 7.5 per cent to $12.93 billion in 2028, and Murray's current market share is expected to increase to $12.23 billion in 2028.
About 9.8% of the value of Murray's ultrasound image products is constantly changing, with improved imaging quality and expanded use, and the future high-end breakthroughs in ultrasound equipment will lead to continued growth. Seed business: In the medium and long term, the company will focus on developing microsurgery, animal medicine,
Seeding operations such as aed, orthopaedics while actively exploring new and emerging paths such as molecular diagnostics to achieve the company ' s growth targets in the longer term. In 2022, the company ' s four largest seed businesses together earned about $2 billion, representing more than 6 per cent of the company ' s total revenue, with micro-surgery achieving more than 60 per cent of the same ratio.
The value of the investment is higher than that of the equipment enterprise, or compared to its historical valuation level, maintaining the profitability projection and financial indicators: again looking at the Murray Medical Care (300,760): the valuation returns and the market outlook remains broad.
And look at Murray's Medical Care (300,760): The valuation returns, the market prospects remain broad, the valuation comparison and stock price review: the Mérry's valuation is back to historical lows, the investment value is high: global comparisons: in 2022, a large number of global medical devices experienced a fall in revenue and net profits, while Méri's medical care was still in place.
In the world’s leading medical equipment companies, the level of recovery and net profit from Méri’s treatment is closer to intuitive surgery and Edward’s life science. For reference, both the intuitive surgery and Méri’s medical forecasts show a net profit increase of around 20% over the next three years, while the intuitive surgery is significantly higher than Méri’s.
Domestic comparisons: Méri is leading China’s healthcare industry with comprehensive product lines and innovative solutions. In three areas of business: life information and support, in vitro diagnosis, and medical imagery, companies are equipped to move from the lower to the upper end, from the lower end of the class to the higher end of the school.
In 2022, Méri’s medical treatment took further advantage of the domestic market by significantly higher revenues than domestic competitors and net profits. At present, Méri’s medical valuation has a higher investment value than its profit rate; and Méri’s net asset rate of return is one of the highest in the industry in terms of financial indicators.
And look at Murray Medical (300,760): The valuation returns, the market prospects remain wide, and the gathering will have an impact on the growth of corporate vd operations, while the company has demonstrated with real performance that the gathering is conducive to an increase in the market share of national producers and to faster growth in their performance.
Since August 2023, the prices of companies have again fluctuated significantly as a result of China’s health-care anti-corruption activities. We believe that a similar point of departure for medical treatment, anti-corruption and collection policies, is to combat the grey profits of the flow chain of medical devices without compromising the long-term logic of the growth in the performance of manufacturing firms operating in compliance.
The battalion is expected to have a high investment value, provided it continues to be good. Business overview: Long-term growth is strong, profitability is prominent. 8 consecutive years of net profit from parent cagr, 27.7%, growth is strong.
In the post-epidemiological era, both the rate of increase in income and the rate of increase in net profit in return for maternity has been maintained at more than 20% per year. The three production lines have gone hand in hand, with the highest share of life information and support, and the most rapid in vitro diagnosis in the future.
Information and support lines, in vitro diagnostic lines, and medical imaging lines together received $30.121 billion, or 99.19 per cent of the company ' s total revenues, constituting the three main lines of production. Between 2019 and 2022, the ratio of revenue to the three main lines of production was not significantly changed, with lifelines and support being among the top of the three lines for the fourth consecutive year.
The demand for emergency anti-epidemic equipment has increased in an outbreak, the company ' s life information and support lines have increased dramatically; the internal epidemic has gradually been brought under control in 2021, the demand for related anti-epidemic products has slowed, and the in vitro diagnostic and medical video production has recovered. There is now much room for an upscaling of corporate ivd operations, both within and outside the country, and is expected to be one of the fastest growing companies ' three production lines in the future.
See Méri Medical Care (300,760): The valuation returns, the market prospects remain broad, the new infrastructure for medical care accelerates the development of the domestic market, and product innovation expands the foreign market. Since 2020, domestic health investment has increased significantly, and the new infrastructure for medical care, led by the expansion of large public hospitals, has expanded rapidly and is increasingly diversified.
In 2022, the company ' s overseas revenues amounted to $11,698 million, or 38.52 per cent of the total, of which the North American, Asia-Pacific, and Latin American regions registered steady growth for four consecutive years, with greater market potential.
And look at Murray Medical (300,760): The valuation returns, the market prospects remain broad, the proportion of R & D inputs is maintained, and the efficiency of operations has improved significantly. The share of sales costs in the company’s operations has increased significantly during 2018 – 2023h1.
(i) Life information and support: new infrastructure in the country is ongoing, high-end clients overseas are ongoing. Life information and support operations include guardianship, respirator, defibrillator, anaesthetic machine, operating bed, operating lamp, chandelier bridge,
A series of instruments and solutions for vital information monitoring and support, such as injection pumps, electrocardiogram machines, and an overall oricu-based solution for operating theatres/heavy care units, also includes micro-surgery products such as surgical caskets, cold light sources, gas abdominal machines, optical endoscopic mirrors, ultrasound knives, energy platforms, microscopic surgical devices and surgical consumables.
Most of the sub-products in the area of life information and support, such as monitors, respirators, anesthetics, defibrillators, lighthouses, pump pumps, are among the highest in the country, with the custodians, anesthetics, and respirators achieving the top three positions in the global market. In the area of life information and support, the company has launched the IFHR Eco-Purpose Solutions, the IFES Eco-Sense First Aid Solutions.
Since it was listed, it has been installed in several top hospitals, such as the Beijing Association and hospitals, the Tianjin Hospital, and Shanghai Nakayama Hospital. Thanks to the global hospital client resources, Murray can help to build a science and talent-building platform for the country’s hospitals from new to subsequent operations.
As a long-term partner in hospital development, the company’s share of such projects continues to rise, owing to the multiplicity of needs, such as the building of disciplines.1 The domestic market: the rapid growth of life information and support operations is largely due to the development of new health infrastructure in the country.
During 2019-2022, the total number of beds in the country's health-care facilities at all levels was 5.72 million.
The most recent requirement is that level III hospitals reach 4% of the total number of beds, with a further 4% of the total number of beds converted to icu beds, which can be quickly converted to heavy icu within 24 hours to ensure that combined icu and convertible icu reach 8% of the total number of hospital beds. In addition, there are some specialist icu.
The number of beds in China and the number of beds in China in 2019-2022, and the number of beds in China in comparison to the new crown outbreak, have been accompanied by questions about the incu's incompetence and the shortage of relevant medical personnel and equipment in all parts of the country.
Question. Compared to developed countries such as the United States and Germany, there is still a significant difference in the number of beds per capita. The new infrastructure of medical care, with billions of dollars, is expected to make a significant contribution to the growth of sales of related equipment over the next two years.
Thanks to the global competitiveness of corporate products, life information and support operations continue to penetrate high-end client groups. In 2022, the company broke over 300 fully new high-end customers overseas and achieved horizontal breakthroughs in more than 450 already high-end households.
See Méri Medical Care (300,760): The valuation returns and the market prospects remain wide (ii) the in vitro diagnostic line: upstream core material self-control + national production replacement accelerated, overseas market borrowing and acquisition accelerated expansion
In vitro diagnosis refers to products and services that determine the functioning of diseases or organisms by testing human samples outside the human body (e.g. blood, body fluid, tissue, etc.). In vitro diagnosis can be classified as biochemical diagnosis, immuno-diagnostic diagnosis, molecular diagnosis, spot immediate detection (pott), microbiological diagnosis, blood/body fluid diagnosis, etc.
Study of luminous immune analysers, blood cell analysers, biochemistries, condensation analysers, urine analysers, microbiological diagnostic systems (300760): valuation returns and market prospects remain broad
1. Blood cell business: above foreign capital, the highest rate in the country. In 2012, Murray developed a bc-6800 blood cell analyser, first using laser scattering in fluorescent dye multi-dimensional analysis techniques (sf-cube), achieving a distinction between the main white cells subpopulations, weaved red cells, nuclear red cells, and infant cells.
Anomalous lymphocytes, primitive cells, heterogeneous lymphocytes, as well as red cell fragments, lipid particles, etc. Identification and Heason Maycom's leading the global blood analyser and reagent market, with a long history of developing blood cell products, launched the first modular blood analyser xxn series in 2012. According to the relevant clinical study (published in the study in ItalianSocietyofclinical)
The results of the bc-6800 and xn blood analysers, whether morphological alarms, blood platelets, red cells, and white cell count and taxonomic count, are extremely consistent. Comparing the technical parameters of the two companies updating their products bc-6800-plus and xr1000, it can also be concluded, Mary.
The blood cell analyser technology of Heisen Meikang is at the same time that Murray's products are more in line with China's market demand and are more sexually valued.
Heisen Meikang bc 6800-plus General blood cell count + 5 classification velocity up to 200 samples/hours, netweave
The velocity can be 110 samples/hours, the velocity of red cell detection is 120 samples/hours.
Channels, plt-f channel applications, which have very low resistance platelets, detect passages, red erp and white wnb channels.
(plt-i) Counting or measuring samples of interference; a combination of the wpc channel and the wdf channel can be selected to help separate suspected malignant cells from suspected atypical cells.
Low difficulty; when low-value platelet, automatic touch based on plt-i test special function fully scalable with optional analytical functions other than cbc and diff
Eight-fold sample of the platelet in the fererp channel, without repeated tests, to ensure the accuracy and repetition of the low-value plate count: ribcvhf is available for effective detection of anaemia.
Murray's products are relatively flat compared to the major foreign firms, and they are more responsive to domestic market demand, more competitive in terms of prices, and more chemically luminous: they later rank first in the list of countries.
According to Sullivan, the market size of the in vitro diagnostics sector in China reached 107.5 billion yuan in 2020, and is expected to grow from a combined annual growth rate of 15.38% to RMB 2198.8 billion in 2025. In terms of the breakdown, in 2020, the market for in vitro diagnostics was dominated by molecular diagnostics and immuno-diagnostics, with a market size of RMB 28.6 billion and RMB 27.8 billion, respectively, which together accounted for the share of the in vitro diagnostics market.
External firms, with high-end free diagnostic products, enter the level-III hospital market and enter the level-II hospital on the basis of product performance. Domestic firms use individual high-quality products to enter the level-III hospital market, relying on price advantages to take over the level-II hospital market, using high-priced products to take over the primary hospital market.
And look at Murray's Medical Care (300,760): The valuation returns, the market prospects are still wide, there are higher technical barriers to chemical light than other areas of external diagnosis, and more than 70% of the market share is monopolized by foreign firms, with large national production alternatives.
From the in vitro diagnostic chain, it is mainly raw materials such as reagent cores (antigens, antibodies, enzymes, quotations, probes) and core components (a sample pump/valve/ pin series, squid pool, lasers).
The stability and sensitivity of raw materials to determine diagnostics are the core barriers to the entire industrial chain and the root cause of the slowness of import substitution. In 2021, Murray acquired 100% of the shares of the well-known foreign company Hytest.
Partners. Seagulls are ranked one to two among the world’s top professional ivd-up raw material suppliers. In the heart field, ctni (calcium calcium i) is the yardstick for measuring the ability and quality of the ivd’s immune detection system, and in 2004, ctni was selected by the American Clinical Chemistry Association as the raw material for the international standards of myocardial muscle. In addition, seagulls are in infectious diseases, inflammation, condensation.
Through this acquisition, Murray built up the self-production capacity of the core raw materials, raised the self-production ratio of the core raw materials, guaranteed security of supply and optimized costs, increased the share of the domestic market through extraction. After 2021, a combination of in vitro diagnostic reagents was introduced in the country.
Competing home-grown enterprises may profit from the gathering, accelerating the expansion of market share. Taking into account several collections that have taken place, it is expected that the price reduction for the products of the intensive-mining programme that are not oriented towards in vitro diagnosis will be moderate, that imported products may face a greater decline than national products, and that Méri Medical Care (300,760): the valuation returns and the market prospects remain broad.
Price pressures provide an opportunity for domestic head companies to replace imports in high-level hospitals.3 Overseas markets: space is wide, buying overseas factories is ready. More than 70%, China has about 6% of the market, the fourth largest market in the world.
Together, four sub-enterprises account for more than 45% of the global in vitro diagnosis market. And look at Méri Medical (300760): The valuation returns and the market outlook remains wide.
On July 31, 2023, Murray acquired about 75% of the German famous vd company, Desai's diagnostics, and will directly own Desai's three overseas production plants, step by step to complete the local chemical and biological production, and solves the pain of the vd reagent variety, short shelf life, and no long-distance transport.
In 2022, the company broke through nearly 300 new high-end customers abroad, including nearly 70 third parties.
(iii) Medical video production lines: ultrasound images dominated and high-end breakthroughs continued in and out of the country, in addition to the acquisition of Desai, which is expected to be a further boost to the growth of the company's offshore ivd operations.
The company ' s medical imaging products include ultrasound diagnostic systems, digital x-ray imaging systems and medical image pacs systems. (1) In the area of ultrasound diagnostic systems, Murray provides a full range of ultrasound diagnostic systems ranging from high-end coverage to low-end for hospitals, clinics, video centres, etc., as well as special solutions for different clinical professions such as radiology, obstetrics, intervention, emergency care, anaesthesia, severe diseases, liver fibres, etc.
(2) In the field of digital x-ray imaging, the company provides radiology, icu, and emergency services with a variety of digital imaging solutions, including mobile, double-column, and suspended suspensions. Currently, ultrasound accounts for more than 90% of corporate video revenue. For ultrasound, high-end breakthroughs are future harvests.
The main driving force of growth is now more than half of the country’s ultrasound income. Looking at Murray’s medical treatment (300,760): valuation returns, market prospects are still wide, and ultrasound is known as the third revolution in ultrasound medicine.
The ability to diagnose has been greatly enhanced in a number of areas, such as production, shallow meters, cardiovasculars. With the advent of ultrasound technology, conventional ultrasound has been introduced in the years of Myrry ' s medical research and development and has successfully applied it to the resonar 9 ultrasound machine, bringing more accurate diagnostic information to ultrasound doctors.
And look at Murray's Medical Care (300,760): The valuation returns, and the market prospects remain wide: the first national producer to break through the high-end hypersound of gynaecology and obstetrics and cardiovascular ultrasound. In 2021, the market for ultrasound equipment was 15.5 billion yuan, and is expected to grow at a combined annual rate of 11.1% in 2025.
Ultrasound products can be divided into desktop ultrasound and portable ultrasound, and desktop ultrasound can be divided into high-end, specialist ultrasound, full-body ultrasound, etc. Overall, national ultrasound brands are dominated by hand-held and full-body ultrasound products, and the female nuewa series, released by Murray in 2020, has achieved a first breakthrough in the market for high-end gynaecology and obstetrics.
High-end cardiovascular ultrasound rechor9 will become the country’s first cardiovascular ultrasound device and achieve zero breakthroughs in the domestic industry. Figure 26: China ultrasound image market pattern (2022) According to the Chirimar tender network data, in 2022, Murray ranked second in China’s ultrasound market by 24.8% of the winning mark.
Brands, market share, increased by 5.4 percentage points from 2021. Among them, ge was in the lead with 45.1% of the market share, and Murray was in second place with 27.7% of the market share. In the full-body ultrasound and portable ultrasound market, Méri points out as top of the Chinese market with 28.3% and 43.7% of the market share.
And look at Murray Medical Care (300,760): The valuation returns and the market prospects remain broad
China ' s maternity ultrasound equipment market (2022) China ' s whole body ultrasound market (2022)2 and overseas markets: a continuous breakthrough in the overseas market for ultrasound products that are constantly enriched and of excellent value.
According to Fortunebusinessinsights, the global market for ultrasound video equipment is expected to be larger than $7.8 billion in 2021 for all new high-end customers, in addition to which more than 80 already high-end customers have made horizontal breakthroughs. In the future, with the continued improvement of the Murray ultrasound line, companies are expected to achieve breakthroughs with more high-end customers overseas based on the superior value of their products.
In the first decade of the company's existence, Murray was basically made nuclear by life information and support, in vitro diagnosis, medical imagery.
In the medium-to-long term, the company will focus on seeding, including micro-surgery, animal medicine, aed (automatedly excepted tremors), or osteoporosis, while actively exploring emerging paths such as molecular diagnostics to achieve its longer-term growth targets. In 2022, the company ' s four largest seed operations together generated about $2 billion, or more than 6% of the company ' s total revenues, with micro-surgery reaching more than 60%.
(i) Micro-inventive surgery: the industry has a large area of penetration, and the country has a rapid replacement. Micro-inventive surgery is a method of surgical treatment through a small incision, which consists mainly of abdominal mirrors, chest mirrors, uterine mirrors, and joint mirrors. In contrast to open surgery, micro-inventive surgery has the advantage of small wounds, low bleeding, light pain, quick recovery.
From 2015 to 2019, according to a critique consultation, every million people in China lived in China from 2015 to 2019.
During the year, 16,877 micro-surgery procedures per million of the population and 80.1 per cent of their penetration are expected to increase to 18,242 and 49.0 per cent per million of the population in China in 2024, as the patient's capacity increases and the number of doctors who have access to micro-surgery increases.
The size of our market as a whole is expected to grow from 6.5 billion yuan in 2019 to 11 billion in 2024. The share of fluorescent mirrors is expected to rise year by year, and is expected to account for nearly 32% of the market share in 2024.
In 2022, the stock of the three largest foreign firms fell as they entered the market, and then looked at Méri’s medical treatment (300,760): the valuation returned and the market prospects remained wide.
Since Merri's entry into the microsurgery market, product renewal has been rapid: 1080p high-quality endoscope cameras were launched in 2017, 4k white endoscopes were launched in 2020, 4k fluorescent mirrors were launched in 2021, ultrasound high-frequency integration was launched in 2022, operating equipment was introduced in 2023, and a new ux5 endoscope was introduced.
In 2022, the winning number of companies in the mirror market was 8.4% of China’s hard mirror market. And look at Murray’s Medical Care (300,760): The valuation returns and the market prospects remain broad.
Namo-grade fluorescent sensitivity, fluorescent stabilization algorithms, triggering twin optimisation of links and imaging links, fluorescent signal capture.
The distribution of real reductive film agents effectively avoids signal decay due to distance and low respect to the nmol level, assisted clinical detection of low doses of small angle deviations, significantly increasing fluorescent stability, edges,
The boundaries are always the same. Fluorescent pixel level blends.
Using spectrum filtration to target the mucous membrane vascular network, the assembly process is tightly controlled, which combines white light with fluorescent image-to-pixel, and the fluorescent image does not lose white texture details, which are helpful.
(ii) Animal medicine: demographic changes, increased consumption capacity
Murray's animal health products are rich and mature. Similar to the three business lines of the company's tradition, Méri's animal medicine also has three product lines: life information and support, in vitro diagnosis, medical imagery, and can provide a holistic solution from the image section, the testing section, the operating room to the ward at the pet hospital.
In China, Murray’s animal health services are located in nearly 15,000 pet hospitals. In international markets, companies have also received wide recognition and cooperation from leading global health-care institutions, such as the New York Animal Center, the Ghent University Animal Hospital in Belgium, and the Royal School of Veterinary Medicine.
The market has grown steadily, with social development driving the pet economy. With the declining will of women of childbearing age and the growing trend towards later marriage and childbearing, the size of the Chinese family has continued to decrease, and the need for pets to be accompanied by isolation has increased.
The number of pets is growing. At the same time, as the owners are paying more attention to pets, there will be a further increase in their willingness to consume pets, which in turn will lead to an increase in the development of the pet economy. In 2022, the size of the urban pet consumer market was $27.6 billion, an increase of 8.7% over 2021, of which about 29% was spent on health care.
(iii) Aged: Increased demand, policy support: Heart arrest is the highest heart-vascular disease in China, with 544,000 deaths per year, the world's highest, with only 1% recovery capacity. Aed AVG is a portable medical first-aid device, and the patient's best in a cardiac arrest.
Within the “gold 4 minutes” of the rescue time, saving lives with an aed automatic defibrillator is effective. Social demand + policy support promotes aed development.
In December 2021, the Health and Welfare Board issued the Guidelines for the Allocation of Automated Anti-Treatment Devices in Public Places (the Pilots), which gave full impetus to the deployment and popularization of public spaces. In 2009, Murray officially launched China’s first two-phase anti-treaking product, Beneheartd, with a fully autonomous intellectual property right.
In recent years, various series of aed products have been approved in Murray, including the Beneheartc series, the Beneheartd 1 series, etc., and sales of aed products have been growing at a very high rate. The future is expected to sustain high growth as the product performance continues to improve and policies continue to drive.
(iv) Osteoporology: a conglomerate of the plastics industry, national production replacements, three sub-classes of osteoporosis, trauma and spinal cords covered by the main products of the Méri Osteoporology Line, together with artificial bone, wound load, pressure to attract orthotic aids such as sponges, totalling over 120 species and over 20,000 specification numbers.
In 2022, the company responded positively to the state-led procurement model, participating in centralized purchases organized by national and inter-provincial unions, and gained the opportunity to rapidly expand market occupancy rates. In 12 provinces (districts, municipalities), the company procured a concentration of bone trauma medical consumables, all three of which were awarded a total of a group, with industry accounting expected to reach 8 per cent.
On July 11, 2022, the company also purchased all of the vertebrae vertebrae consumables organized by the Public Procurement Office in the group A countries. On December 7th, 2022, the company signed up for all of the products in the first round to be purchased all of the pulmonary trauma medications organized by the Jiangsu Medical Insurance Department.
The company has continued to improve the layout of its products in the field of osteoporology, and has continued to develop innovative and high-intensity inputs, and has improved its ability to solve surgical problems. In China’s current market for the breakdown of osteoporosis, the national production of trauma, spinal and joint products has increased rapidly, and mobile medicine is still subject to foreign monopoly.
He is actively preparing to become a leader in the osteoporology industry in the new situation, with a strong supply chain system, a dynamic global development, and a new growth engine for the company. And look at Murray’s Medical Care (300,760): The valuation returns, and the market is still promising.
There is a high investment value compared to major global or domestic medical equipment companies, or to their own historical valuation levels. See Méri Medical (300,760): The valuation returns and the market prospects remain wide; the risk of medical anti-corruption activities affecting the pace of bidding for hospital equipment in China; and the geopolitical conflict affecting the winds of corporate international market revenue.
Risks; collection of policy risks in the medical sector or otherwise.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is as follows:
The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute an offer or an inquiry into the sale of the securities in question.
Responsible. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies. The copyright in this report belongs to Pacific Securities Inc., unwritten.