Lithium Tianqi Industries (002466.sz) - 2021 Annual Report & First Quarterly 2022 Stocktaking with the world's best-quality lithium mineral resources, elasticity of performance over time
Quarterly reports issued by the company in 2022: $5.257 billion in revenue, +481.41 per cent in comparison; 1 return to the mother; 1) the quantity of lithium mine and lithium-deep processing products increased in full value; 2) the associated company sqm22q1 is expected to perform on a comparable scale.
At the end of the resource spectrum: The Green Bush Lithium mine now produces 1.34 million tons of lithium concentrates per year, and the Trp tailings project was completed in March of this year, increasing the capacity of the lithium concentrate mine by 280,000 tons per year. After introducing igo as a strategic investor, the company indirectly held 26.01% of the shares in the Green Bush Lithium mine, but still holds control of the mine.
At the end of the product: the company currently has three production bases in the country, with a combined capacity of about 448 million tons of lithium salt, and the production line of 24,000 tons of battery-grade lithium hydroxide per year in the first phase of the project in Quinana, Australia, is in the experimental stage of production; and a 20,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate production line is under construction.
The Lithium Industry - 002466-2021 performance forecast: Lithium resource king, performance bullet at the end of the investment end: the company now holds an equity of 23,83%. Sqm now produces 120,000 tons of lithium carbonate per year, which will increase to 180,000 tons. The company, as the second largest shareholder of sqm, is expected to be fast-tracked from its own.
The resources of lithium quarries and lithium salt lakes, which have a very high potential for expansion, provide solid raw material security for the expansion of lithium salt production in the mid-stream, and allow companies to reverse the fundamentals of the debt crisis and enjoy their full potential.
The elasticity of performance resulting from the high-profile cycle of the lithium industry, which maintained the “buy-in” rating, achieved a net return to the mother in 2021 of 2,079 million yuan and a net return to the mother of 2,328 million yuan, while operating activities generated net cash flows of 2,094 million yuan, or 200.074 per cent of the year.
In 2021, the company had a margin of $745 million in net profit and net profit deductions, the impact of which included: 1) gains from debt restructuring and the impact of unrecognised amortization of financing costs. In 2021, the company's subsidiaries increased equity introduced the strategic investor olimited transaction, confirming that it was linked to the loan extension of the syndicate's M&A.
Debt restructuring gains of $673 million and the unacknowledged amortization of financing costs of $609 million for the corresponding period. Debt restructuring gains are non-recurring gains and losses, account for investment gains, account for non-recording of financing costs amortization of non-recurring gains and losses, account for financial costs, and $528 million has been amortized by companies in the previous three quarters.
Thus, approximately $81 million was amortized in four quarters. 2) Fair value changes resulting from equity financing operations and hedging operations. 2021 fair value change gains from equity financing operations in the sqmb category and investment receipts from hedging operations
The company's net profit in 2021 was reversed by a large profit on a year-to-year basis, and the main benefits were: the latest offer was 46.25 million yuan per tonne, and the latest offer for the national battery-grade lithium hydroxide was 467.5 million yuan per tonne.
The sale of lithium mines and lithium-produced products has increased. Telison Green Bush is operating three mining plants: tgp tons of chemical-grade lithium concentrate, with an annual capacity of 1.34 million tons of lithium concentrate.
The company's annual report revealed that in 2021, the amount of lithium minerals in Greenbus was about 95.4 million tons, or +64.49 per cent in the same year, that sales were about 55.12 million tons, or +56.26 per cent in the same year, that the stock was about full-scale, and that in 2021 the production of lithium deep-processed products was about 43.37 million tons, or +14.84 per cent in the same year.
The sales volume was about 477,000 tons, or 33.64 per cent of the year, and the inventory was about 1,168 tons, or 22.61 per cent of the year. Sqm ' s investment returns increased. The joint venture sqm ' s performance in 2021 will increase significantly in the same year, with the company achieving net profits of about $5.86 a year, or about 255 per cent of the year.
Profit distribution plans for 2021: no cash dividends, no transfers, no shares. The main reasons are: 1) the proposed expansion of production, increased project investment, increased demand for capital for day-to-day operations, undistributed profits to meet the company's day-to-day operations and to ensure normal operations and stable development of the company; 2) the company
Uncompensated losses: as at 31 December 2021, the company ' s undistributed net profit was negative. Quarterly reports were issued in 2022: $5.257 billion, or +481.41 per cent, was realized; net profit on return to mothers was 3,328 million, or +142.45 per cent; net profit on non-return to mothers was 2,834 million, or +183.09 per cent;
The larger growth in both the ring ratio was mainly due to: 1) the increase in the volume of lithium mine and lithium deep-processed products; 2) the expected significant increase in the performance of the associated company sqm22q1 on a year-on-year basis, which is the rule that sqm discloses quarterly financial reports later than the company reports in the first quarter, and the company cannot pre-empt sqm and announces its quarterly financial statements
Information, so companies estimate the profits and losses of their operations in the first quarter of sqm through a financial measurement model and combined with information such as eps in the first quarter of Bloomberg, and the return on their investments in sqm based on the shareholding ratio of the company. The company realizes an investment return of about $1,593 million by 2201.
The difference of $494 million between the company ' s 2201 net profit on the parent and net profit on the deduction was influenced by: (a) the impact of the losses and losses on the disposal of non-current assets: (a) the company ' s equity participation company, ess, was listed on the stock exchange in New York in February 2022, and the company lost a significant influence on it as a result of passive dilution, moving from long-term equity investments.
Investment gains for other equity instruments; (b) investment gains from long-term equity investments in the company ' s part of sqm; b) combined, the net result of non-current asset disposal gains of approximately $1,218 million; and a loss of about $722 million from changes in the fair value of equity financing operations.
Figure 4: The net profits of the company and the rate of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) as a result of the repayment of part of the loan loan; the asset-liability ratio of the company as of the end of the first quarter of 2022 was further reduced to the level of work related to the public distribution of offshore foreign shares (h shares) and the listing of Hong Kong ' s joint stock.
On 27 January 2022, the CSRC received an application for an administrative permit from the CSRC, which was further raised to 2,486 million yuan in hand currency funds. Billions of yuan, or +30.18 per cent, were mainly due to exchange loss due to exchange rate changes during the reporting period, compared to exchange rate losses during the previous year.
The company’s elasticity is expected to fully realize its vision, strategic deployment of high-quality resources in China, Australia, and Chile, and building rules.
Modelled, technologically advanced lithium compounds production bases, and committed to long-term development strategies based on vertically integrated global industrial chains for “upstream, medium- and downstream”, have joined forces in a global partnership to promote the long-term sustainable development of lithium ion cell technology in the electric and energy industries.
At the resource end, the company uses the Green Bush lithium mine of Western Australia as a resource base, and the Sichuan Yajiang Tsora lithium mine as a resource reserve. The Green Bush lithium mine is now producing 1.34 million tons of lithium concentrate in its productive year, and the tailings bank in March this year.
It has been built to increase the annual capacity of lithium concentrates by 280,000 tons, so the Greenbush lithium mine now has a total capacity of 1.62 million tons per year. Greenbush has two expansion plans: 1) cgp3 that are expected to start this year, and will be completed by 2025, with an additional 500,000 tons of chemical-grade lithium concentrate, which will be fully built.
In the long run, it is expected to reach 2.66 million tons per year, with a contract of 350,000 tons.
After igo was introduced as a strategic investor, it held an indirect share of 26.01% of the Green Bush lithium mine, but it still held control of the Green Bush lithium mine, which met 100% of the company’s existing production needs for lithium salt, and provided a solid raw material guarantee for the expansion of lithium salt production without it.
At the end of the product, the company currently has three production bases in the country, of which the Sichuan shooting flood production base has a capacity of 24,000 tons/year, including 5,000 tons of lithium hydroxide; the Jiangsujiang production base is the world's first fully automated lithium carbonate production plant, with capacity of 20,000 tons/year; and the Chongqing beam production base is mainly engaged in the development of lithium metal and related products
In addition to the proposed expansion of the copper beam production base for 2,000 tons of lithium metal in two phases, it is expected that 800 tons in one phase will be operational and operational by 2023 and 1,200 tons in the second phase by 2025. The company also has a “new lithium-carbonate plant” in the Aring area of Sichuan Suining City.
Project planning, which is now gradually returning to the construction pace, is expected to be completed in the second half of 2023 and the company has a production base overseas, with a total annual production of 48,000 tons of battery-grade lithium hydroxide production line in Quinana, Australia.
At present, public works, rotary kilns in the fire zone, acid kilns, pressurized sections in the wet zone, sanitization and evaporation crystallization, drying, etc., have been completed, have been integrated into the process and are officially running on trial. The Joint Working Group is still working towards stable process-wide operation and process control parameter optimization, striving for speed.
In addition, phase II of the project initiated in 2017 at the Quinana base has been largely completed and is still in a state of suspension. The company will effectively verify that phase I of the project is fully operational.
On the basis of a combination of market demand, company mobility, etc., and the adjustment of the lithium hydroxide II project, the lithium concentrates can be 280,000 tonnes/year, with a combined capacity of 1.62 million tonnes/year at the date of disclosure of this report.In the investment end, the company currently holds a share of 23,83%. sqm is the largest producer of lithium from salt lakes worldwide.
According to the annual sqm report, its projected capacity for lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide is expected to increase to 180,000 tons and 30,000 tons, respectively, in the first half of 2022, while sqm has announced that it will further increase its capacity for lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide to 210,000 and 40,000 tons, respectively, by 2023.
Up to 140,000 tonnes of lce, about 20% of which are sold at fixed prices or at specified intervals, about 50% of which are in variable price contracts linked to a particular benchmark, and about 30% of which are not locked. In addition, sqm holds 50% of the share in the Western Australia mtholland project, with a prospective capacity of 50,000 tonnes of lithium hydroxide per year.
For the second-largest shareholder of sqm, it is expected to earn a higher return on investment from its rapid expansion of capacity. Salt lake resources, with their very high potential for expansion, provide a solid raw material guarantee for the expansion of middle- and middle-lying lithium salt production, and companies are expected to face a fundamental reversal after the debt crisis to fully enjoy the high-growth cycle in the lithium industry.
Schedule: Financial forecasts and valuations Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author