Highly recommended (first coverage) Resource advantages are evident, and the future of the Lithium flagship - first coverage report for the lithium industry (00246.sz)
The world’s lithium industry is the leading producer, with a huge output potential. The company’s main producer of lithium concentrates and lithium chemical products produces, processes and sells, and operates in a globalized way. The company is the world’s largest producer of lithium, the world’s fourth and second largest producer of lithium compounds, and has a prominent leader.
On the other hand, the company ' s production of lithium (by control) in 2020 accounted for 16 per cent of total production; on lithium compounds, the company was the world ' s fourth largest producer, with a market share of 8 per cent in 2020; on the other hand, q1 achieved a net return profit of 3.328 billion yuan in 2022, an increase of 1,443 per cent.
On the supply side, the supply of lithium is likely to continue to increase, but the increase is limited. The amount of lithium resources in Australia is abundant, but the outbreak or impact project is moving.
Global lithium resource production is estimated at 44.1/50.0/67.90 million tons. On the demand side, lithium demand continues to be driven by the rapid development of clean energy sources, such as new energy sources and storage. According to Wood McKenzie, global lithium resource requirements for 2021-2023 are projected at 52.0-65.879.7 million tons.
The company is now 100% self-sufficient in its lithium raw materials with greenbuses. For the lithium mine, the greenbusshes mine produced 32% of total global production in 2020, the largest hard rock lithium in global production and storage.
Minerals, one of the least costly producers of lithium quarries worldwide, cost $250 per ton of refined minerals in 2020, well below industry average.
In terms of the company’s capacity, the goldbushes lithium concentrate can be raised from 1.62 million tonnes/year to 2.14 million tonnes/year by 2025; the company’s current capacity for lithium compounds and the sqm expansion plan are expected to increase the company’s return on investment.
With the gradual release of the company's productive capacity, the industry continues to have a high climate. We expect the Division to develop. For the first time, coverage is given, with a “strongly recommended” rating.
1. Deep-farming industry, leading the way in the lithium plate, long-term deep-farming industry. The company is the leader in the lithium industry and has a huge output advantage.
The production, processing and marketing of industrial products, mainly lithium mines, lithium compounds and derivatives, are global. The company is the world’s largest producer of lithium mines, the world’s fourth and second largest producer of lithium compounds, and currently produces 4.48 million tons of lithium compounds per year.
With the completion of the planned expansion project, the company’s future gross capacity for lithium compounds will exceed 110,000 tons a year. At the same time, the Division is the world’s second largest battery-grade lithium carbonate supplier.
In 2004, Mr. Jiang Weiping acquired the Lithium Shooting industry through the Tianqi Group; in 2010, the company was officially listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange; in 2012, the company acquired the right to mine the Lithium Lithite mine in Sichuan Yagang County; and since then, the company has acquired the Zabuye Lithium industry, the Telisen Lithium industry and Jiangsujiang Honghseng mining industry in Tibet.
Production bases, Western Australia Quinana, sqm, etc., have continued to scale up their operations and further consolidate the public sector; in 2021, corporate overseas subsidiaries tlea introduced strategic investors, igo Australia, which has a strategic partnership with igo.
Figure 2. The history of the Taiwan Lithium industry has been relatively concentrated, with Jiang Weiping as the company’s de facto controller. According to the company’s report of the first quarter of 2022, the top five shareholders in the company are currently the Tianqi Group, Zhang Jing, and China’s securities.
The Portfolio Investment Fund for the Low Carbon Pioneer Stock Investment Fund of the Bank of Transport and Transport Co. Ltd. and the Portal Savings Bank of China Co. Ltd., Combining Certificates Investment Fund for New Energy Motors in the East account for 28.18 per cent, 4.65 per cent, 1.89 per cent and 0.63 per cent of the five above-mentioned persons, respectively.
The shareholders in the company are the Tianqi group, and the real owner is Jiang Weiping. 1.2. Resource advantages are significant, and the market is in the lead.
The company is the world’s largest producer of lithium ore and the production of lithium compounds is at the top of the world. Lithium is the world’s largest producer of lithium ore in terms of production, and the company is the world’s largest producer of lithium ore in 2020 (third in ranking). For lithium compounds, the company is China and China, based on the production of lithium ore in 2020.
Asia’s second largest producer of lithium compounds and derivatives, with companies globally being the world’s fourth largest producer with a market share of 8 per cent in 2020.
Figure 5. Global market patterns for lithium compounds, 2020.
Germany’s Rhinetüv Group issued a certificate for the certification of the motor vehicle quality management system. The company’s production technology was outstanding, and the company’s technology centre was recognized as the National Enterprise Technology Centre.
The company’s research and development capabilities are industry leaders and technology excellence is prominent. Corporate clients have a stable quality of resources and a strong customer advantage.
Battery manufacturers, battery material producers, multinational electronics companies and glass producers, are deeply involved in the development of products such as customer batteries, which helps to maintain a stable customer relationship over the long term. According to Wood McKenzie, the company’s products are supplied to the world’s five largest lithium ions in 2020, according to the market share reported by Wood McKenzie.
Three of the battery manufacturers, as well as six of the world ' s 10 leading material manufacturers, recorded higher revenue from their main business in 2021, and a further increase in their quarterly reports. In 2021, the company collected $7,663 million, an increase of 137 per cent. In 2022, q1 earned $5,257 million, an increase of 481 per cent.
Historical trends suggest that, as a result of the fall in subsidies for new energy vehicles, industrial cycle adjustments and other factors, the growth of the primary car industry has been rapid, demand has been steadily released, and corporate revenues have been growing rapidly. The breakdown of products shows higher revenues for lithium carbonate, which in 2021 generated $5.018 billion, or 65 per cent, of lithium carbonate.
Lithium concentrate collects 2,644 million yuan, or 35 per cent, as a result, inter alia, of reduced financial costs. On the absolute scale of historical costs, the overall level of costs has risen significantly since 2018, as a result of debt mergers and purchase of sqm shares.
In terms of net return profits, the net interest rate has risen. In terms of net return profits, q1 achieved a net return profit of 3.328 billion yuan in 2022, an increase of 1,443% in the same year and a return in 2021.
The high growth in the net profit size of the company was driven by such factors as rising lithium prices and rising demand for products. Historical data show that, in 2019, the net profit of the company fell by 372% to 5983 million yuan per year, mainly because of the company’s long-term interest in sqm.
2.1. Summary: Lithium applications are extensive and are of increasing importance. Lithium is silver white, with outstanding performance in the energy sector. Lithium is softer and metal is more active.
Usually it looks silver and white. Lithium has the highest charge density and the most metal activity among the known elements. It is used as a battery metal with unique physicochemical properties. It is widely applied in the field of storage.
Figure 16. Lithium particles look like silver white, and the area of lithium applications is becoming more and more important. As the downstream area develops, the importance of lithium is gradually becoming more evident, and applications are very extensive. Lithium can be used in the production of lithium ion batteries; it can be used in the metallurgical industry.
As a deoxygen or dechloride, it is an important component of light-material alloys such as magnesium and aluminium; lithium compounds are used as solvents in ceramics: lithium can be used in rocket combustion with a high temperature of heat from combustion. Lithium industrial chain raw materials consist mainly of solid-state and liquid lithium mines.
Solid ores and liquid lithium deposits, which include lithium clouds, lithium quails, liquid lithium mines are salt lakes with high lithium content, geothermal halogenes, etc. For middle- and middle-streaming, extraction from ore ore or halogenated primary products, such as industrial lithium carbonate, are processed to obtain lithium hydroxide, battery-grade lithium carbonate, chlorine, etc.
Lithium chloride and lithium high carbonate, among others. In downstream applications, lithium use is widespread and can be applied in a variety of fields such as smoothing agents, batteries, organic synthesis, aerospace, and chemical drugs.
2.2. Supply: Australia and South America are growing at a slower pace, China is mining faster, and the supply pattern of lithium concentrates is concentrated, with Australia as the main supplier. According to the Usgs data, the world ' s reserves of lithium resources in 2021 were approximately 22 million tons of lithium metal equivalent.
In terms of supply structure, Australia is the world’s largest producer of lithium, mainly solid lithium mineral resources, with 55 per cent in 2021; Chile and my own country.
This was followed by a share of 26% and 14% respectively. 20.2021, Australia provides or will continue to increase the supply of lithium resources under the expansion of lithium ores or salt lakes, the world's largest producer of lithium.
As the main supplier of lithium resources, the continent is expected to remain at its current high levels in the future against the backdrop of the continued development and expansion of the eight largest lithium mines in Australia. With regard to salt lake resources, Chile and Argentina have sufficient lithium halogen resources, which will expand with the future production capacity of the major salt lakes in South America.
The planned boost will keep the supply of lithium-based lithium deposits in salt lakes growing, leading to the continuation of the supply of lithium resources. With the continued development of the upstream lithium resources, according to bacanora data, the 2021-2023 lithium-based resources are 2.2.2. Australia: Lithium-rich resources, epidemic or impact project production progress
Australia's main lithium resources and reserves are abundant. Australia has eight existing and ongoing mines, with the highest average grade of li2o in greenbushus, 2.1% in grade, and the rest of the mines, with li2o in range of 1.0% to 1.5%. With regard to lithium resources, wedgina is Australian lithium.
The most resource-rich mines are 2,59.2 million tons, and the resource equivalent is 7,488,000 tons. With regard to lithium reserves, the largest reserves of lithium ore are in greenbushes, 1.607 million tons, and the equivalent is 8.3 million tons in lce.
The main lithium mines are located in Western Australia, with the two mines wodgina, pilgangoora-pilbara, pilgangoora-altura located in the north-west, and the greenbuses, mtmarion, mtcatlin, baldhill, and mtholland in the south.
Dozens of lithium mining projects are largely located in Western Australia, where lithium resources are relatively abundant.
Bachester Island, Indonesia.
They're all in the same name as the state center.
Pligangoora (pilbara) pligangoura (altura)wodgina-alb/mrl Queensland
West Australia, Brisbane, South Australia.
New South Wales mtmariun - competition/mribaldhill-alita mtholland-wfsqm
mccardin-gri kangaroo Island, Victoria
1-Timor-Leste-2-Solomon Islands3-Australian Capital Territory 4-Gerves Bay Area (administrative centre in Canberra)
Australian lithium resources are available.
Power shortages and the impact of the increased cost of the epidemic, the expected over-expenditure of human costs and the longer-term cycle required for the mining and recovery operations will continue to affect the pace of production of the additional lithium mine in Australia.
The region of South America is rich in halogen lithium, but the real supply is increasing or will be slower. According to The Current State and Trends of the Global Lithium Mineral Resources, most of the world's halogen lithium resources are concentrated in Chile, Argentina, and Bolivia's Lithium Triangle. Bolivia's yuuni Salt Lake is more difficult due to the high ratio of lithium to magnesium.
The main lithium-producing lakes in the South American region are currently those of Chile, Chile, Argentina, Humbremuerto and Argentina, laroz, where the largest reservoir of halogic water is found in the Lake Salt, the largest salt-producing lake in the world; the Salt Lake project in Argentina is mostly under construction.
With a long slope cycle, the real supply of salt lakes abroad will be increasing or will be slower.
The structure of lithium demand has been gradually changing, and batteries are now the main applications of lithium. At a time when power cells have not developed in the past, lithium has been used mainly in traditional areas such as lubricating resin, ceramics, etc. The total global demand in 2010 was 73%, and battery was 27%.
By 2020, 37% of global lithium demand was in the power, battery, 29% in the consumer, 3% in the storage, energy, aggregate, downstream, clean energy, power cells and storage batteries.
In the context of energy-efficient and environmentally friendly trends, the world has been pushing for clean energy development, and power cells have increased rapidly in the global volume of new energy vehicles. In recent years, there has been a steady upward trend in the global volume of new energy vehicles, with 6.6 million vehicles sold globally in 2021, an increase of 4.76 per cent over the previous year.
In terms of historical trends, global new energy vehicle sales have continued to increase since 2017, with global new energy vehicles selling 4.9 million, 5.7 million and 6.3 million, respectively, between 2018 and 2020.
In terms of power cell production, China’s power cell production has shown a high growth trend in recent years. By May 2022, China’s aggregate power cell production was 165.15gwh, a 178% increase in the same year, and China’s combined power cell production in 2021 was 219.69gwh, a 163% increase in the same year.
Figure 29. High growth in power cell production in China 2.3.3. Storage area: development potential is unlimited, demand is or will increase. Lithium ion batteries perform well and have greater potential for future development.
A few hours and battery life spans around 5-15 years. Lithium ion cells have significant advantages compared to other storage cells, including high power, high energy density, faster response speed, more flexible battery mode. Lithium ion cells will be used in space as the lithium ion cell process continues to develop in the future.
Global demand for electrochemical storage has increased, leading to rising demand for lithium carbonate. In recent years, the size of global storage capacity has been about 28gwh, an increase of 55.6 per cent over the previous year, and it is expected that global energy demand for electrical and chemical storage will continue to grow in the future, reaching 1182gwh by 2031.
ion cells may be the main direction for storage cells, and the continued growth of demand for electrical and chemical storage will lead to a continuous increase in global use of lithium carbonate.
Trends: High resource advantages, high potential for the future 3.1. Lithium resources are of high quality and cost advantages 3.1.1. Company self-sufficiency of lithium concentrates through greenbuses
The company is self-sufficient in lithium concentrates and has a high quality of resources. The company has two raw material resources -- lithium mines and salt, lake halogen deposits -- that can be 100% self-sufficient with low-cost, high-quality lithium concentrate from the greenbushes mine, and is the only lithium concentrate in the country that is large, consistent and stable.
The company’s current location includes lithium resources of high quality, including the Australia-Agreenbushes mine, the China-Sichuan-Yajiang-Zola lithium mine, the China-Tategian Zabuye Salt Lake, and the sqm tacama Salt Lake.
Figure 32. The company ' s lithium resource layout consists of four lithium mines, 3.1.2.greenbushes: the largest hard rock lithium mine, with significant cost advantages, in 2014, the company controlled the Tresenbushes lithium quarries mine.
The diamond mine was owned by Terryson, which had been mined for over 20 years, and Venfield held 100% of Tyllison ' s shares. By May 2014, the company had completed the acquisition of 51% of Venfield ' s shares, so the company had control over Terryson. According to Wood McKenzie, by the end of 2021, the Greenbuses mine had been owned.
The world's largest lithium reserves. The Greatbushes lithium quartz mine is the largest and largest hard rock lithium mine in the world. Greenbushes lithium resources amount to 13.1 million tons, with 1.6 per cent grade, are the size and storage of global production.
At the scale of production, according to Wood McKenzie, the greenbuses mine accounted for 32 per cent of total global lithium production in 2020. At the storage level, the lithium reserve is equivalent to 8.3 million tons. The grade is 2.0 per cent.
Greenbuses production costs are lower than industry averages. Greenbuses is one of the world’s lowest-cost major producers of lithium quartz. According to cif China, in terms of total sustainable costs for 2020, mineral concentrate producers generally cost more than $280 for ton concentrate production, while greenbuses make a difference.
This is only $250 per ton of concentrate, which is significantly lower. 3.1.3.atacama Salt Lake: Halo-water lithium resources and reserves are the world ' s first shareholding in sqm in 2018, resulting in the layout of the arcama Salt Lake Resources.
Stocksqm, with a share of 23.77%. Sqm is the leading global producer of special plant fertilizers and industrial chemicals, and the leading global producer of lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide. When the sqm stock acquisition is completed, companies can strategically access the resources of the salt lake at Tacama and achieve the tacama.
Figure 37. Image of Salt Lake Atacama. Atacama has the world's largest lithium resources and reserves of halogic water. The area of Salt Lake Atacama is
Three hundred thousand square kilometres, the third largest in the world. Tacama has the world’s largest lithium halogen resource and storage, and according to Wood McKenzie, its halogen storage is 4.551 million tons lce. The high lithium concentration, high evaporation rates, and very low annual rainfall characteristics of the halogenated lake make the production of lithium carbonate.
Sqm is also the world ' s largest producer of lithium halogen compounds, with a total production of 71,000 tons of lithium in 2020. Figure 38. Global estimates of the mineral resources of lithium halogen deposits by the end of 2021
3.2. Production of lithium concentrates and lithium compounds will continue to increase in the longer term and production capacity is expected to continue to increase in the longer term. By the end of 2021, the Tyllison diamond quarries mine had an annual capacity of 1.34 million tons of lithium concentrates and greenbuses
The tailings reprocessing plant (trp) was completed in early 2022 and, by early 2022, Tyllison's lithium concentrate could be expanded to 1.62 million tons/year. Greenbushus mine plans to continue to expand production capacity, and the current three-phase expansion of the chemical-grade lithium concentrate project is expected to be completed in 2025, with the delivery of the post-partum lithium concentrate.
In addition, work is planned to start in 2025 on a chemical phase 4 extension project for another lithium concentrate processing plant in greenbushes. The company’s lithium compounds are being built on numerous projects, and production capacity will expand steadily.
In the construction project, the 48,000 tons of hydrogen per year produced in Quanana, Australia, is in the pilot phase of production, while phase two of the main project has been completed and is currently on hold.
In addition, the company's Chongqing copper beam production base is proposed to expand the 2,000-ton metal lithium project in two phases, with 800 tons expected to be operational and operational in 2023 and 1,200 tons in 2025. The company's medium-term planning for the production of lithium chemical products totals more than 110,000 tons/year.
In May 2018, the company gained 23.77% of its shareholdings, and now sqm is expanding at an accelerated pace, and the company’s investment returns are expected to increase. Sqm is one year ahead of Chile’s expansion plan, in the medium- and long-term production regulations for the tacama Salt Lake.
By the end of the year, 120,000 metric tons had increased by 50 per cent; by the end of 2022, the capacity of lithium hydroxide would have risen to 30,000 metric tons, and the current national lithium plate was very high, the capacity of the company to add up continuously and it was expected that the company’s performance would continue to rise. We assumed that (1) the price of lithium concentrate and lithium salt and lithium derivatives would be protected in 2022.
With the current trend of high-level operations and a slight downward revision in the following years, (2) the sales of company products will increase gradually with the release of productive capacity. The company’s two major industries, lithium concentrate, lithium salt and lithium derivatives, in 2022, are associated with the gradual release of the company’s productive capacity and the continued high industrial climate.
For the current company of 448 tons of lithium compounds and derivatives production capacity and forward planning, the stock of adequate resources will be levelled. For the first time, coverage will be given with a “strongly recommended” rating.
The demand for lithium batteries has not grown as much as expected, environmental and safe production risks, geopolitical and trade policy demand for lithium batteries has not grown as expected: if the growth in consumption of lithium batteries downstream is slowed in the future, it will have a negative impact on the lithium industry.
Environmental and safe production risks: Businesses that fail to meet government environmental requirements, or are subject to penalties such as shutdowns or capacity restrictions, have a certain impact on industry supply. Geopolitics and trade policy risks: or
The mining process for lithium and salt lakes will be affected.