In June, the distribution was equal to 26 per cent, with a better intellectual performance.
The June wholesale and ring ratio is down, and the intellectual and ring ratio is improving significantly. 1) By the name of the sub-brand, the upper and larger wholesale and ring ratios are down, and the overall decline is lower than the group as a whole. Of this total, 57,000 new energy vehicles were delivered in the first half of the year, representing an increase of 48 per cent; the upper and upper car fleets were down by the same round.
All were down; Wisdom was up by 159.09 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and end-deliverys passed by 6,000 in June (down from 47,000 in the first half of the year and 85.1 per cent more in the first half of the year); Upper Air General Mitsubishi was down from 4.46 per cent/-7.76 per cent in the first half of the year, compared to total delivery in the first half of the year).
A total of 249,000 vehicles, an increase of 32.2 per cent over the same year), were sold at the group level of 9.34 million new energy vehicles, an increase of 8.80 per cent over the same period. At the group level, 8.12 million vehicles were exported by the upper gas group in June, and 14.47 per cent/-7.61 per cent respectively.
The brand had over 120,000 end-deliverys in European developed countries in January-June, the highest ever in the same period.
May of this year, Volcano, Volcano, Volcano, Volcano, Volcano.
Upper Steam Group (600104): April Wholesale-New Energy Three Power Systems + Smart Software and Hardware Full Rearing, Brains Drives Autonomous Branding High, 4%, Exports Growth Positively
At the same time, the export performance of companies continues to be impressive, and overseas sales continue to be a leader in the domestic industry. (2) The joint venture actively transforms: the company has entered into a number of technical cooperation agreements with popular groups on new public products projects, including the development of three plug-in electric hybrids and two pure electric cars in China.
China and Germany jointly launched a new chapter of the joint venture “Technology Empowerment” and launched a new chapter of the joint venture; the public actively adjusted its marketing strategy to speed up the branding of the new energy vehicle market. We maintain the company’s expected net return profit for the period 2024-2026.
The three main financial forecasting forms of the upper gas group, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., have acquired the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.