♪ Naritech asia china ♪
Reuters bloomberg alternativeergy (asia)
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
(vs.1h's+25%, dragged bysolarepc), xj electric+4% (vs.1h's+46%, lowmarkin) andpinggaeoecrdrin 69% (vs.)
1h'sdown 35%, lowermargin/uhvacdelay.however, whenbookingintoothermichaelton, cfa underactions, wefindnaritech's 3qprofitweiknessrelativelymore
I've been working on this for a long time, and I've been working on it for a long time, and I've been working on it for a long time.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Heavends (gridinvesdownturn, marginpressure, etc.), strongerparentco support, which should justifavalutionpremiums.peers. solarepc, anear-termearningsdragger, expecedtoberemovednextyar)
naritech's 3qrevenue/netprofitgrovethweakenedto+4% +5%, reactively, naritech shhanghaicomposite (rebased)
From +11%25%in1h.thiswasmainlydragged by theshrinkingsolarepc business (underpowerment & renewableenergySegment), whichhas incurredanelosofc.rm70min9m1 duetomargincontractionamid
Intensified presspassed throughcustomsandcompetition.managing expecsitwillremaininearningsdraggerinto 4qthisyear, whichmaylead the company's full-yearningsgroveth (beforegroundconstitution) tofallween
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Butting solarepbusinessaside, naritech's 3qCorepowetomation businessgrovethrestablestableatcloseto 20%; radiautotomation profittracks 15-20%grothextcludingpppprojectcontracting, accordingtomanage.
{\bord0\shad0\alphaH3D}Gpmadvancedby 1.6pptonfordableprodactmixandresilientMarginsfor secondcondarygridautoturebusiness.totalorderintakegrowthin9m17stays similarto1h's18%.atconsolidad levelaferassement, management
Expecsitislargelyontracktoachieveloseto 20% earlyningsgrovethtarget, with accelerateduhvordereli everythisyyar. more thanvensiveinweatheroughndryheadwindwinds
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, and I don't know what you're talking about, and I don't know what you're talking about, and I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I mean, I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I's going to do it.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
) strongr & dcapacitationandhighlymarkket-basecompensation schemetogrorownewproductsandnon-gridmarkets. stroongparentcos support; targetssetforbothassetsizeandmarketcap
I'm sorry, Mr. Shuyinbiao, Chairmanofstategrid, explicitlypressedsupportfor narigroupduringhis company pervisithisaugust, intermsof1)years devoted, 2) high-profetech projects, 3) employestockoptions, 3) new production
Quote. addition, hesetsa "double100billion" (assetsandmarketcap) towersby 2020fororitech, incentivizingnari'smanageintersofboth earlyningsgrovethandsharepripeperformance.
5/4% vs. 12/46%in1h. although3npwaspartiallyoffedbyhhersetimpairment, gpm (+0.7 ppt)
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
vs.down
35% in1h, mainlyhitby >10% lowerpriceanddelayedeliveryforuhvacis, shrinkingh-voltagegisrevenueandherhrawmaterialcosts.low-voltage productsandexportsarrowing, Butcoullnothelpenough.moreover, wesee
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, Toscadetown.
bloomberg: 600406ch companyprofile finding 2001innanjing, naritechnologyco, ltd.is
The company'smainproducts includeofwareandhardwaresubstitutation, smart
It's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it.
lukhazhu importantdisclusures analystcertification
I'm not sure if you're the only one who's got it, but I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the guy who's the guy who's the guy who's the guy who's the guy who's the guy who's the guy.
Quintyratingdispersionandbankingrelationshipships equityrateringkey buy: basedonnacurrent12-monthviewoftoralshare-holder
Return (tr=percentagechangeinshareprircorent pricetoprojecedtargetpriceplus pro-jeceddividendyeld), shell: basedonacurrent12-monthviewoftalshare-hold
I'm sorry, werecommendtainvestorssellstock.hold:wetakeanutralviewstock12-montthsoutand, badthistemehrizon, donottrecommendeotherabuy
Newlymissedresearchrecommendationsandtargetpricises supersededively publicizedresearch.
I don't know what you're talking about, naritech additionalFormation the internationalandopinionists reportwereprepared bydeutschebankgorononeofitsaffiliates (clactively)
"Deutschebank") ...though theinformationhereisbelievedtobereliableandsbeenobtainedbrompublicsours believedtobereliable, deutschebankmakesnorepreformatsacuracyorcompletences.hyperlinkstothird-partywebsitesinthisreportoredforderconvenionly.deutschebankneotherothersethershecontentnor
Ifyouusetheservicesofdeutschenconnectionwith apurchaseorsaleofcustytisdiscussedinthis report, orisincludedortiscuscussedinothercommunition(oralorritten)fromadeutschebankanalyst, deutschebankmay
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
We're not going to be able to do this, but we're not going to be able to do it, but we're going to be able to do it, and we're going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
The frequenyofchangesinmarketconditionsansandinbothgeneraland companypanyspecificconomic prospecetsmakeit difficulttoupdateresearchtechdefinedintervals.updatesalesedhesolediscriptionofthecoverageanalyconcernedorof thereseanchdepartmentmentmentmentandassuchthemajorityofreportsarepublishedairguardintervals.thisreport
I don't know, it's providedforformation of the partyicularinddoesnottakerintoacaccounts the partyiculinvendmentsmento bjectives, financial situations, orneedsofindividualcolients.itisnotanofforacitationofanoffertobuyorsellanyfinancialinstruments orparticipateinanyparticulartratringstratey.targetpricesareinherentlyimpreciendaproductoftheanalystpriméses
I don't know if you're the only one who's ever been there, but I don't know if you're the one who's been there.
Instrumentationistinacurrencementor'Scurrence, acheenexchangamentsmayadversely affecttheinvestment.pastpermanceisnotcerissariindidicativeboutureresources.unlessotherwiseindicated, préces
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm talking about, and then I'm talking about it, and then I'm talking about it, and then I'm talking about it, and then I'm talking about it, and then I'm talking about it, and then I'm thinking about it, and I'm thinking about it, and I'm thinking about it, and I'm thinking about it, and I'm thinking about it, and I'm thinking about it, and I'm thinking about it.
I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
I'd like to thank you for your help, macroeconomic development softenasormostophostosociated with exposurestoinstrumentsthatpromise topayfixedorvariableinterestrates.foraninvestor whohoislongfixedratestratures (thatreceiving thesecashlows), incorporatedinterestratesnaturallyft thediscountfundfundorsapplied to theextecuted cashflowsandtuscausealos.
I don't know what you're talking about.
(including changesinstalenttypesovenvestors), changesintaxpolicies, currenceconvertivity (whochmayconstraincurencyconversion, repatriationofprofetsand/ortheliquidationofpositions)
Tomacroeconomicshocksmaybemitigationby indexing thecontracted cashflowation, to specied interestrates–thesearecommoniumglingmarkets.itismportanttonotehattheindexingsmayy by consultation - lagormis-measuretheactualmoveintheunderingvariablestheyareintendtedttrack.thechoiceofthe
I.e., couponsindexed to atypicallyshort-dated interestraterferenceindex)reexchedforfixedcoupons.itissoimportanttoacknolleddge thatfindinacurrencertiffersfromthecurrenceinwhochcouponsarenamedalisfrisk.naturally,
It's not like I'm the only one who's going to do it, but I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it.
Including theirtaxposition, theirregulatoryenvironmentandthetureofthetropotherassetsandliabilities, andassuch, investors shouldtakeexperteglegalandfinciandracidvicevesforesteringintoanytransactionssimilartoorororinpiledby the contentsofthispublication.thesislosinfuturestradatingoptions,forignordommestic,canbesubstantial.asa
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not talking about it, but I'm talking about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it.
Nomerousmarketfactors, includingworldandnationalconomic, politicalandregulatoryevents, eventsquityand debtmarketsandchangesininterestrates; and (ii)currencesmaybesubjecttovalactionorizationimposed exchangeconstrolswhochcoulldaffect the Valueoftheturrence.investsinsecuriuschasads, WHOvaluesareresa
Affectioned by thecurrenceofanunderingsecurity, emergencyassemmecurrencerisk. unlessoverlaw providesotherwise, alltransactions shouldbeexecuted through thedeutschebankencyintheinvestor's'somejurisdiction.
I don't know, gm.db.com/equitiesunder the "discussionslookup" and "legal" tabs. investorsareslonglyensourcedviewviewthis information information. deutschebankag, itsbranchesandafiliatedcompanies)
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Whorecapableofevaluatingvementrisskinsindipendently, bothingenalandwithregardtoparticularizations and investmentstrades, andwhounderstandthatdeutschebankhasfinaninterestsintheofferingofionofofictsproductsmanufacturing
I'm sorry, nartech and services.ifthisnothecase, orifyouareanioraorotherretailinvestorreddingthedirectfromus, weask thatyouinformusimmedianidately.
I don't know if I'm the only one who's ever been there, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know if you're the only one in the world who's in the middle of it, but you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's the one who's in the middle of it.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Asstockbroker.researchchanalysedirection numberisishin0001741.deiplamayhavevevedmedministrativewarnings Fromthesebiforbreachesofindianregulations.japan:approvedand/anistedbydeutschecritiesinc.(dsi).registrynumer-registerasafincial.
Instrumentsdealerbytheheadoftekanantolofintainmentbureau (kinsho)no.117.memberofassociations: jsda, type iifinncialinstrumentsFIrsassociationthefinanfuturesassassociationofjapan.commissionsandrissksinvolved instocktransactions-forstocktransactions, wechargescommmissionsandconsumptionsbymultiprintingthe
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
Productsandservations.productsandservicescarrythesoriskostrosestoprincipal and otherlossasaresultofchangesinmarketketand/oreconomictrends, and/orflacturingsinmarketvalue.before decidingonthepurchaseoffinancianproductsand/orservices, customssould carefulreadshelevantdisclostures,
"Molody's", "standard&poor's", and "fitch"mentiedimenthisportarenot registeredtratingagencesinjapanlesjapanor" nippon"iscipicaldesignativedinthenameoftheity.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.

Singapore: bydeutschebankag, singaporebrandeurdeutsegritiesasacialimited, singaporebranch (oneruffles quay#18-00southtowersingapore048583, +65642380001) whichmaybecondicatedrespectofanymattersarirising from, orinconneactionwith, thisreport.whoheethisportissuissoorpro Mulgaedinsingaporeapersonwhoisnostan
Accrectediteinvestor, expertinentvestorinstitutioninvestor (asdefinedtheaplicablesingaprelawsandregulations), legalresponsiabilitytosuchpersonsforitscontents.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something, but I'm going to be in the middle of something.
qatar: deutschebankagin theqatarfininancióncentre (registeredno.00032)
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
kingdomofsaudiarabia: deutschececurisaudialarbialcompany, (registeredno.07073-37)
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, dubaifinaservicesauthority.australia: retailclientsssoouldobtaipyofaproductdiscoverstatestatement(pds)reatingtoanyfincialprodactreferredtointhishisreportandconsidertheepdsbeforemakinganydecisionabouthetheothertoacquiretheprodact.ples
I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do, but I don't know.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if I'm the only one who can do this, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what to do.
Headopacrearch headofamericasresearchresearch
♪ Globallheadofeconomics globalheadofequiresearch anthonyklarman ♪
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
♪ Globallheadof headofema headofapac ♪
♪ Globalheadof debtresearch equityresearch ♪
I've got a lot of work to do. I've got a lot of work to do.
I'm not sure if it's true, but it's not true.
I'm sorry, and qisresearch internationalations deutschebankag
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Deutschebankplace filehongkong 2-11-1 nagatacho
60329 frankfurtammamain internationalcommercecentre, sannoparktower
1austinroadwest, kowloon, germany
Longkong japan australia
1 Greatwinchesterstreet londonec2n2eq
♪ uninventingdom ♪