Le Wu Xiaoqiao's performance report was evaluated on the basis of a lower than expected delivery in the fourth quarter, affecting performance.
Four-quarter profit recovery: four-quarter operating income of $1,293 million, down 3.1 per cent in the same quarter and 4.8 per cent in the ring in the third quarter; and a net return return of 280 million in the same quarter.
It's worth looking forward to spending and growing next year.
▪ Corporate output of 3.1gwh in 17 years was lower than expected, but prices were slightly higher than industry averages, and four seasons failed: company power cell output of 3.1gwh in 2017, 50 per cent higher than the same price, average 4. Obtained North Gas Order, Trinity City
About $1.7/wh is higher than the market average; the power cell 2.7gwh, with a storage capacity of 0.4gwh; the tri-dollar battery 0.7gwh, lithium 2.4gwh. From the volume of quarterly shipments, we expect 0.5gwh in 1st quarter of 2017, with the remaining three quarters being about 0.9gwh on average.
The growth in the flat ring ratio was more marked, mainly due to the increase in depreciation and other costs resulting from the shutdown of the company's Shandong production line in the third quarter, but the volume of shipments was around 1 gwh without a bump, mainly due to the high quality of the company's customer selection, which was dominated by lithium phosphate: we based on electric car production in 2017.
Statistics show that in 2017, 2gwhe was installed in the country, the top clients being Jiang Huai, accounting for 31 per cent of the public utility, followed by Ankay, North and Central passenger vehicles, accounting for 13 per cent, 12 per cent and 11 per cent respectively, which are mainly phosphate-based lithium; the upper-air commercial vehicles are also important to the company.
Clients, who account for 7% of the company's installed power, predominantly three dollars. Corporate customers, as a whole, have adjusted their products to meet the subsidy threshold increase, and the additional capacity is released, and the output is expected to keep up the higher rate of increase, and the price reduction is still subject to negotiation with the downstream car factory: 3213 million won.
Lithium phosphate can have an energy density of 170wh/kg and can be assembled to 140wh/kg, meeting the maximum subsidy requirements for passenger vehicles, and is being developed in 190wh/kg lithium phosphate cores.
In the first quarter of 2018, the company was fully productive and expected to produce 0.8 gwh, a 60% increase in the same price. On the profit side, because of the company ' s upstream material and the good customer structure, it was not clear.
We expect that the level of Māori will still be higher than the industry average, despite the decline in the Māori rate, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) of Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd.