The q3 battalion’s collection is warming up to a sustained recovery of q4 — three-quarterly reports from the media (002027.sz) in 2019 and $8.905 billion in the first three quarters of 2019.
Cao Xuant's net profits were in the upper limit of the previous performance forecast (11.4 to 1450 million dollars of projected net profits in the previous three quarters), in line with our earlier expectations.
The income end-of-cycle season is warming, with a contraction of the year. The three-quarter income of $3,189 million, a decline of 15.3 per cent over the previous quarter, but a decline of 19.6 per cent over the 19h1 quarter. The ring comparison, followed by a gradual increase in the first three quarters of the company this year, is basically proof that the income end is warmer.
The cost side is stable. Three quarters of the operating cost is $1,668 million, basically unchanged from 1,657 million in one quarter and 1.658 billion in two quarters, in accordance with our previous judgement. The company’s cost end is directly related to point and screen numbers, and has been under macroeconomic pressure since 2019.
Since the beginning of the year, the cost end has remained stable, with sales costs of $579 million (youy+15.7%), net operating cash flows of $1,006 million in three quarters, an increase of 220%, ring increases of 103%, major
If the purchase of equipment and labour costs were to be reduced after the expansion had stopped; if the net profit had fallen, it would have been paid. As the competition among power suppliers has intensified, we expect that the q4 suppliers would have increased, as well as countercyclical consumption 1, Distributive Media Insight: Qingshan is still in place.
We believe that the q4 end of income will continue to warm. At the same time, on October 14th, 54 cities on the Internet have a day of super-saturated marketing, and to a certain extent, they can reflect Internet clients' release, 2, and the semi-annual rating in the Distributed Media: performance meets expectations.
In the future, the company will recirculate the inefficient points, add the maturities to the rent renewals, and the overall cost side is expected to remain stable and moderate in the future. The future will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report, either previously or now.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a sale price or a bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to our own company or to the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.