The news media (002027) reported a slight drop in revenue over the same period, a slight increase in the narrow ring, the undeteriorated receivables, the cash flow back, the market value of the circulation (millions):
This is higher than the collection, but the discount is greater than last year; of these, the lcd+ screen is higher, the frame is slightly lower, and cinema revenues are 20-30% lower. 2) The operating costs are almost equal, with the current position being dominated by structural optimization and no significant expansion in the number of locations; 3) due to the ageing of accounts receivable
Receivables and cash flows: 1) As of the third quarter, corporate receivables remained stable (as of q328 million and q2.258 million) and are expected to remain stable in q4; 2) there was a decrease in cash outflows, such as operating cash flows, hardware, and an increase in repayments.
According to our weekly high-frequency follow-up data (without discounts), companies broadcast online after September.
This year’s double 11 advertising cycle is almost the same as last year. After the 11th, the Media Division (002027), which reported in 2018, reported a two-way income cost of 12. It is expected that the company’s q4 online data ring ratio will continue to improve and q4 will grow.
According to our long-term tracking understanding of industry and companies, the value of corporate media outlets remains constant (scenario value), point expansion is equivalent to capacity expansion, dot value is “the available volume (number of publications) is again priced”,
With the gradual improvement of the macro-environment at home and abroad, the company's operations could be “volume-high.” In the long run, the value of good companies' media channels and the ability to bargain, the net profits of the company for 19-21 years are forecast to be long-term.
The report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment reports are based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author's professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts it.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.