Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Research Center Basics are stable, waiting for economic recovery and improved competitive structures Company operating income of 8.906 billion in the first three quarters of 2019, a decline of 18.12 per cent in the same year; net return to the mother
1.360 billion, a 71.72% decline over the same period. Companies earned 3,189 million in the third quarter of 2019, compared to the next quarter of 1919. The performance of the same quarter was as expected, with gradual optimization of points, smoothing of costs, waiting for economic recovery and improved competitive structures, and greater elasticity in future performance.
1. “The low demand for advertising is a pressure on performance, a long-term trend is stable, the defensive expansion is over, and the overall number of points is expected to remain stable over the course of 19 years.
3. Silence, in order to build up the power of the mass media, determines that the recovery is lagging, and that four quarters of the harvest is still under pressure. 18 years ago, the highest number of customers in the Internet and the new economy was recorded, and the decline was more pronounced; traditional consumer customers were investing in growth.
The trend continues, with a long-term view of the demand for branding as a result of rising domestic consumption. But, with the exception of macroeconomics and the advertising industry, we believe that the continued improvement in the prices of publications and in the working days of accounts receivable is indicative of a weak recovery in the media.
New tides have had limited direct impact, elevator televisions (especially commercial buildings) have had the deepest and newest barriers to penetration, and elevator posters (with their internal screens mainly inside the community elevators) have competed. While the new tide has grown significantly at its end in 19 years, it has had very little effect on the direct diversion of the crowd.
1) Advertiseers do not divide, and the majority of their advertising earnings come from national clients. 2) Point overlap is low, with splits recombinantly recombinant with the new tide as a whole about 20%. Due to brand advertising features, second-line media coverage is generally lower than first-line, resulting in lower rates of Maori and a constraint on future Māori penetration.
Increased competition has led to a new round of point-blowing: the long-term low demand for new Internet-based economic advertisers, and so on. The harvest has been steady, and the expansion has slowed down to optimise points, at worst, or has passed.
The downward trend continued in the third quarter of 19 years, with a 15.3 per cent drop in revenue and a 60.2 per cent decline in net profit from the same period; operating costs remained stable for three consecutive quarters, defensive expansion ended and the overall number of places was expected to remain stable over 19 years, i.e. 785,000 self-employed elevator television outlets and self-employed elevator poster media.
195,000. We can see a narrow decline in the revenue base of the 18q2 World Cup, partly due to the high revenue base for advertising, and partly due to the steady impact of the fundamentals.
Figure 2: Quarterly operating expenditures are stable. It is well known that corporate performance has declined significantly since 19 years, mainly as a result of: 1) the weak demand for advertising markets affected by macroeconomic influences, the impact of the restructuring of corporate clients, and the resulting corporate operating income.
(ii) Large expansion of elevator-type media resources (especially in the community framework), corresponding costs such as rental of media resources, depreciation of equipment, etc., starting in the second quarter of 18 years, and improving client structure for the long term, with some of the leading indicators suggesting a weak recovery
Let's start by analysing the macro demand. The popular building and cinema media are in brand advertising, the budget is determined at the beginning of the year, macroeconomic trends are lagging behind in advertising, and four-quarter collections are still under pressure. 18 years ago, the highest number of customers was Internet-based and newer.
In the first half of the year, the trend of growth in traditional consumer clients’ investment continued, with a long-term view of the demand for brand investment associated with rising domestic consumption.
Figure 6: Use consumer goods to replace the Internet as the first major advertiser in the public domain, as well as the Internet as a whole.
First, the Internet advertising line, which is expected to generate more than 50 billion dollars in advertising in 19 years, is clearly squeezed on major Internet advertising, especially on effects. Second, the effect ad is stronger than the brand ad, and in the break-down plates, it's more powerful than the brand.
The electricity industry has seen the strongest increase in advertising, while the decline in video and media advertising has been significant (and partly affected by restrictions). The placement of the public and cinema media in brand advertising, similar to the video industry, has been more clearly influenced by macroeconomics.
The price of mobile Internet traffic (whether cpm or cpc) has been declining since 18 years, according to data from the National Centre for Innovation in Financial Securities.
Prices showed a consistent trend toward round warming, rising by July of 19. So what are the indicators that we should focus on, except for macroeconomics and the advertising industry? The most important thing for the media is the publishing rate, but there is a lack of continuous disclosure data and tracking.
There are still two indicators that are very predictable, and 1) published prices, due to the relative stability of discount rates, and given the low rate of coverage, the rise in publishing prices implies a recovery in demand. According to the new data from the National Gold Securities Study, in September, the company elevator television and elevator-sea newspaper prices first appeared in Ring Piti in 19 years.
2) Accounts receivable swing days, due to weak macroeconomic conditions, longer payment cycles by advertisers, significant increases in corporate accounts receivable days, and when the economic situation improves, the increase in accounts receivable days will be ahead of the recovery, with a small increase in corporate accounts receivable days since the second quarter of 19
To sum up, we believe that the crowds are at the bottom and have weak signs of recovery. New tide shocks are limited, advertisers are not divided, point overlaps are low, and second-line publishing is the key.
1) The advertising owner has not been diverted, the majority of the advertising revenue comes from national clients, and local customers have risen significantly as the dots have sunk and smart screens spread; the new ads are mostly second-line brands and regional customers, and the overlap is low. 2) Point overlaps are low, and the splits coincide with the overall dot overlaps of the new tide.
20% (in proportion to the new tide screen by screen) of which there are both commercial buildings and communities, the majority of which are located in the community ladders and sink more sharply. Yes: First, macroeconomic factors lead to pressure, with the Māori rate falling due to cost rigidity; second, second, second, second.
The dotting ratio is due to the fact that for branding, the “one-line value > two-line > three-four lines”, the placement of the “one-line value > two-line > three-four lines”, the marked inverted pyramid features, the high rate of first-line postings and the bottlenecks in second-line postings, which have led to a gross interest rate higher than the second-line, and the focus of the company’s node expansion for 18 years has been on second-line (17-18, with the addition of the second-line of the building’s media).
Parity. To return to the peak level of the Māori rate, the local customers and small and medium-sized clients, or the best way out of the harvest, are recommended for sustained attention in a “thousand-story” way. Chart 13: Natural differences in the coverage of the first and second lines
Increased competition has led to a new round of point expansion; long-term low demand for new Internet-based economic advertisers; and a higher than expected increase in spot rents in the media.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment