Eastern securities (600958.sh) are high-yielding, high-yielding, Shanghai-based securities dealers, total assets, gross operating income, etc. in the first three quarters of 2025.
The company’s business structure is balanced, and the overall ranking is mainly due to the company’s niche product, which is under pressure from the equity fund for 22-24 years. 25h1, the profit ratio of the company’s credit management, remittances and enrichment is 11%.
Increased investment in other equity instruments. Stock, fund size in transactional financial assets 25h1
1.1 The corporate background: Shanghai Treasury, a fifth company in the industry, a plush, was established in 1998 and transformed into a joint-stock company in 2003 and formally renamed. In 2005, the owner of the company initiated the creation of the Futility Remittance Fund, and in 2010 established the country ' s first bond-brokering company, the E.C.I.C., to lay the foundation for the development of large-scale financial management operations.
By the end of 2016, the first three shareholders (not taking into account the Central Settlement of Hong Kong) were Hogen (Governance Group) Ltd., Shanghai Tobacco Investment Management Ltd., and poster companies.
The share ratio was 26.63/4.98/3.64 per cent. 3 was 49 per cent, and the share of business income was relatively balanced, such as brokerage, investment, and management. From the company’s own segment reports, the share of wealth and portfolio income fell to 31 per cent when there was a significant increase in the company’s own segment reporting.
Business management ranks high, entering the top 10, scavenging for more services - other business income, 25 years of change in accounting policy, and investment income is not exactly the same as in the past.
Multipliers benefit from a combination of financial assets and an increase in the size of financial assets to 5.54 times.
At the end of 25h1, the amount of assets entrusted to them was $233.8 billion, an increase of 8% from the beginning of the year. After the new regulations on self-financing, the PGF products were characterized by positive interests, based on corporate financial statements, and as of the end of 25h1, they had been in the equity category for almost 10 years.
The Fund ' s absolute rate of return was 80.32 per cent, ranking second in the industry; the fixed-income group fund ' s absolute rate of return for the last seven years was 35.98 per cent, ranking top 20 per cent in the industry. At the end of 25h1, in the size of public funds managed by companies, active equity products (including general stock-types, mobile equity funds) were frustrated, the active equity fund management rates were folded and the company ' s roe continued to fall down, with 25h1 following the market.
Figure 12: Net profit on Eastern credit management  Net profit on Eastern credit management (millions of yuan) The company holds 35.412% of the equity interest in the Replenishment Fund and is the first major shareholder in the Replenishment.
The size of the management of the gold is among the top 10 sectors, with 25h1 ranking 9th, as a result of the increase in the size of the management from $274.3 billion in 2016 to a decrease in the rate of management of the industry. At the end of 25h1, the Central African Monetary Fund, which accounts for 56 per cent of the size of the transfer, 13 per cent of the stock base and 14 per cent of the mixed fund.
(b) Increase the size and proportion of equity investments, continue to improve the product lines of active equity funds, and establish the first new floating rate fund.
The sum of 11.3 per cent of the profits of the Great Wall Fund, which brings to 25h1 the net profits of the Richter Fund (in billions of yuan), is the third highest public equity contributor among the top 15 dealers.
2.2 Brokering: Active development of investment, swap equity funds for transformation of wealth management Traditional brokering, with company clients increasing from 1.38 million in 2017 to 3.14 million by the end of 25h1.c At end, the number of retail high-net clients and the size of assets grew for three consecutive years, with 8,985 high-value clients and 2,070 assets
At the end of the line, companies provide customized amounts of high retail net-value customers (houses) to customers of specialized institutions such as Quantified Private Enterprise, qfii, and the size of the total assets of high retail net-value customers (billion dollars, right axis).
The size of the equity fund is higher than the size of most of the bonds. Stock market activity and investment sentiment have increased considerably since “924.”
In turn, the fund market followed the boom, and corporate surrogate revenues are expected to recover. Figure 19: Corporate surrogate financial product revenues and the same rate of increase. Figure 20: Size and same rate of growth in corporate surrogate financial products.
In 2021, the company was approved to invest in a pilot, and in November it was officially opened. The fund invested in a total of 28 combinations of strategies covering three product lines: the Happiness series, the Nail series, and the custom series. At the end of 25h1, the company invested $14.9 billion in the holding code, with a stock of 110,000 clients, a customer retention rate of 52.83 per cent, a return rate of 75.95 per cent and an average customer use of clothing.
For 805 days, long-term client satisfaction continues to rise. 2.3 Investments: Focus on Science and Technology and the Energy track, higher income ranking, equity underwriting, corporate service enterprises covering a number of areas such as capital market services, high-end manufacturing, tmt, new materials, etc.
In the future, the company will focus on the two main strategic paths of technology and energy, where the energy sector will be able to play a competitive role in the industry based on shareholders’ investment in industrial eco-financing. According to Wind, the first nine months of the company’s shareholdings were $14.5 billion, with the company’s interest-rate debt in the lead, and the company’s disclosure of interest-rate debt in the form of interest-bearing bonds, state-run businesses, and farm-distribution funds.
In terms of debt creation, companies have responded to policy calls and actively participated in and contributed to the sale of a number of corporate bonds. Among these, the donor countries successfully issued the first-ever bond, with the amount of the coupon at the top. According to Wind, the company’s claims for the first nine months were valued at $444.8 million, with 3.71% of the city, and ranked 9th in the industry, with the city at the top of the list.
Figure 22: The size of the stockholdings and the size of the city's shareholding
The project is the largest in China’s capital market in the history of a+h bilateral market. 25h1 company finance consultants ranked 13th, 22nd in 2023, and 16th in 2024.
In June 2012, Eastern and Citigroup Asia co-financed the creation of the Eastern Citibo securities, and in 2020 the Eastern Citigroup changed its stockholding and changed its name to an Eastern Investment, becoming a fully-owned subsidiary of Eastern securities. In June 2021, the company issued an announcement to further integrate resources and increase the value of the securities.
In terms of the premium rate, the average rate is lower than for small and medium-sized projects, and the average rate is higher than for small and medium-sized projects.
2.4 Credit operations: adequate credit impairment, stock pledge risk control Chart 25: Company ' s two-way balance and market share Chart 26: Company stock pledge buy-back balance and equal rate of increase
Credit impairment losses are mainly based on the risk factors of stock pledge operations, for example in 2019, stock stock impairment losses, stock pledge risks of major stockholders of market companies, stock pledge pressure of bond dealers, loss of margin impairments, peaked in 2020. As regulation introduced the risk reduction programme, the industry level and the company itself continued to push down stock pledges.
2.5 Investment operations: significant increase in investment in other equity instruments, with some directional exposures, 25h1 shares and 31 per cent of fund size, reflecting increased elasticity by companies maintaining partial equity orientation exposures.
When a standard warehouse receipt is traded at futures trading premises and does not involve physical withdrawals, it is sold in the short term without recognizing sales income and sales costs, but rather with the difference between the value charged and the book value of the standard warehouse receipt being sold being included in the return on investment), it is not entirely comparable, and the corresponding cost of selling large volumes of commodities in total operating expenses is lower, and therefore there is no profit or increase.
The significant decrease in revenue is mainly due to changes in accounting policies leading to large-scale changes in commodity sales income statistics, changes in income data, standardized trading services platforms and customized transaction solutions for institutional clients, which are expected to result in a small increase in city occupancy rates, and (2) investment operations: ipo easing, equity underwriting recovery, in 2024, with a low level of equity underwriting.
(iii) Investment management: benefits from the booming equity market, expansion of equity fund raising, pooling, single, special fund management, including tradable financial assets, investment in claims, investment in other equity instruments, derivative financial instruments, valuation for us using a comparable valuation method (market net rate method) and the selection of profits such as gold companies, separable securities, Yangtze securities, etc.
As comparable firms, e-mails close to the company ranged from the middle, to the middle. 2025e compared to an average of 1.31 times the pb, and a low performance base of 24q4 Eastern securities, with performance growth in the first three quarters of the year,1 and a sharp macroeconomic downswing: macroeconomic downs could lead to a decline in disposable income for the population, corporate profit overhangs, from a low performance base of 1.31 times the average.
The impact on capital market volatility and the willingness and ability of firms to be listed on the market has implications for many aspects of corporate revenue, such as brokerage, investment, capital management, investment, and so on.2 Equity markets have fallen sharply: large-scale downswings in equity markets have had a negative impact on market turnover and on the profitability of investment.
Multi-business line revenue is affected.3 Stock pledge accounts raise the risk of impairment: companies have historically suffered significant impairment losses due to stock pledge operations, and current stock pledges have been reduced to a lower level, but if the extremes of the market ' s steep unilateral downs, they may still create new ones.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market