National Certificates Securities Electronic Group
Three-quarterly reports are over-expected, national production is expected to accelerate, company fundamentals (RMB) 1.
4. High Profit Growth, Sustained Beneficiary Production - Overperformance, Sustained High Income Levels and High Profiting Levels. 5. Sustained High Growth in Performance, Full on Hand Orders -
On the revenue side, the firm's sophisticated electronics operations are driven by the demand for sophisticated applications downstream, filled with hand orders, and are expected to continue the growth dynamic. With a multifactory external influence, the company is actively taking measures to achieve effective production and supply chain operations, ensure timely delivery of client orders and sustain increased business performance.
Long. In terms of profits, companies are still in the early stages of development as home-grown equipment manufacturers, with large equipment inputs, long-term adherence to technological breakthroughs in R & D inputs, accompanied by rapid penetration of downstream crystal-crys, continued firm-scale effects, improved profitability and higher profitability than income growth.
In August, the ccp medium carving machine was officially released, and has been certified and produced in five customers. The ccp corrosion machine filled up the North's corrosion device shortboard, reaching 8 inches.
U.S. sanctions have been upgraded to promote national production. On October 7, the U.S. Department of Commerce increased restrictions on the export of chips and related production tools to China, further increasing the regulatory restrictions on semiconductor equipment.
We believe that the current focus on supply-chain security, in the context of increased policy subsidies, has led to the inclusion of magnetic technology in the U.S. uvl list, the main product of which is magnetic technology.
Equipment, such as plating, scalding, spreading, and velveting bands, applied to the magnetic materials industry, generated 0.5% of the total revenue in 2021. The impact of the event is manageable and will not have a substantial impact on the company’s normal operations.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment