3-quarterly review 2022: q3 performance accelerates growth, profits, 30 October 2022
▪ Measures to ensure the delivery of orders, q3 income increases at a rate of $4,568 million, or +78.11 per cent, in the middle of the performance forecast, a one-quarter high. 2022 q3 income increases at a rate that we judge is mainly new to semiconductor equipment in 2021.
More orders are signed and the demand for electronic components is high in the downstream market, while, in the context of the epidemic affecting certain equipment deliveries, companies are actively taking measures to make the production and supply chain work, with orders confirmed at 2022q3.
The rapid growth of corporate orders is driven by the large-scale expansion of the Crystal Circle plant, the continuous increase in the coverage of the company ' s semiconductor equipment process and client penetration, and the further acceleration of the pace at which equipment markets such as etching machines, pvd, cvd, stand-up furnaces, scrubbers, ald, etc. are imported. As at the end of 2022q3, the company ' s inventory and contractual liabilities were split up to the end of 2022q3.
In addition, in 2021, companies raised $8.5 billion in non-publicly for projects such as semiconductor equipment expansion, which will effectively reduce production bottlenecks and guarantee continued rapid growth in performance.  Māori climb & fall in cost, driven by a marked increase in the profit level of q3
2022q1-q3 achieved a net return profit of 1.686 billion yuan, compared to +156.13 per cent; of this, it was reported that six months of performance had improved significantly, with the introduction of indigenous semiconductor equipment platform-type companies, which replaced national production of long-term benefits.
On October 7, the United States issued a general restriction on the sale of semiconductor and chip manufacturing equipment to China.
Further regulation of the equipment on the 128th floor and above, and on the 18nm and below, raises concerns in the market about the storage of subsequent expansions. We believe that, as the US continues to press on the Chinese semiconductor industry, it will accelerate the self-control of the semiconductor industry, particularly with regard to the import substitution of the equipment chain.
The company, as the best-lined company for its own semiconductor equipment, will continue to benefit from a trend of alternative domestic production of the equipment through rapid break-ups of new multi-product line items. The company’s product system continues to be improved, integrated circuits are equipped to expand in a variety of fields, such as logic, storage, power, advanced envelopes, etching machines, pvd, cvd, etc.
Many new items, such as ald, stand-up furnaces, washing machines, have entered the mainstream production line. Specifically, the main logical area is bulk purchase of company equipment from the flow chip line; various new process equipment from the storage area has entered the production line certificate; and the advanced containment area has achieved multi-product sequence layouts, with cooperation established with the main domestic containment plants.
Relationships; powerware area in close collaboration with mainstream domestic manufacturers to become mainstream suppliers of equipment, where the company’s growth space continues to open rapidly.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: given the company’s adequacy of hand orders and accelerated delivery of orders, we
There are sufficient hand orders, higher levels of profitability, and the valuation remains at the bottom, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.