The three-quarterly report predicted an over-expected increase in net profit revenue on 21 October 2022. Summary of events: On 10 October, the three-quarterly newspaper forecast for 2022 was released by Volkswagen North, and the company expected 2022
In 2022, q3, the company’s electronics equipment and electronic components operations in the downstream market \triangleright have become increasingly rich, consolidating the platform’s niche. The company’s product system is rich and widely applied in half.
Products such as carving machines, pvd, cvd, oxidizing/dispersing furnaces, embitters, cleaning machines, etc. are in the field of integrated circuits and general semiconductors.
The current production application, s010521120004, has constructed semiconductor multi-species, cross-cutting product platforms and has become a domestic supplier of advanced semi-conductor equipment. Since 2022, there has been a growing demand for applications such as new energy vehicles, high performance calculations, etc.
With the impact of a structural shortage of long and semiconductor chips, investment in the expansion of production lines such as integrated circuits, photovoltaics, etc., the market for new products such as company washing machines, ald, etc., has accelerated further, leading production in the field of integrated circuits.
Lines are being sold in large quantities and the product lines are growing, and the forecast is that the total volume of new items will be released in 2022/08/, and that international competition will be intensified, with the equipment expected to be nationalized at a faster rate.
\triangleright 2. The mid-2022 report by the North Chinese newspaper, 002371.sz, foreclosed 31 Chinese entities, such as the Northern Chinese Genesis Corporation's Magnetic Electrotech, into "unverified"
List” (uvl). Magnetic technology is mainly concerned with the manufacture, sale, etc. of equipment in the magnetic materials industry, mainly for equipment such as plating, sintering, spreading, velvet sluice, etc., for use in the magnetic materials industry, 2021 3. Nord China 2 (002371) 2021 & 2022
Operating income amounted to about 0.5 per cent of the operating income of the listed company ' s consolidated statement, and the impact of the event on the company ' s operations was assessed on a quarterly basis: the quarterly report met expectations and the equipment matrix continued to be rolled out - 2022/04/28
To a lesser extent, but we believe that the process of domestication of semiconductor equipment is expected to accelerate with the continued increase in international competition, and that companies, as domestic equipment taps, will be deeply involved in the process of nationalization of semiconductor equipment.
\triangleright maintains a “recommended” rating for the market position of the domestic semiconductor equipment leader. Methodology and analytical logic leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the report and accountability for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.