In the third quarter, profits grew by 268 per cent, profitability continued to increase by 78.1 per cent in the third quarter and net profit returns by 267.7 per cent in the third quarter.
Realization of income of $10.12 billion (Yoy62.2%), net return to the mother of $1.686 billion (Yoy+15.6%), improved profitability in the third quarter of huhui2@guosen.com.cn
The increase in the share of revenue from equipment operations at lower rates has led to a decline in the Māori round ratio. The rate for the period was an increase in the single-season net rate of 21.7% (yoy+6.5 pct, qoq2.8 pct) and continued increase in profitability.
On October 7, US sanctions on China’s integrated circuit industry escalated further, with exports of 14nm to China and 52 weeks’ highest/minimum prices to the logical workers below.
In our view, as the situation is getting worse, semiconductor manufacturing equipment will accelerate the opportunities for nationalization.
The conductor's operations include etching machines, pvd, cvd, ald, stand-up furnaces, washing machines, etc., and have taken on the task of domestic semiconductor processes and the nationalization of various nodes of equipment.
It is hoped that they will benefit more from the acceleration of national production replacements. Investment proposals: Nationally produced semiconductor equipment head-on to the eastwards, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
North China (002371.sz) - Producing semiconductor equipment to the east, February 2022. North China (002371.sz) - Commercial import lift of semiconductor equipment, 1022 buttons. North China (002371.sz) - Keeping a bright track, with a strong lead in equipment.
Figure 1: Companies ' annual operating income and rate of increase in the same year, Figure 2: Companies ' quarterly operating income and rate of increase in the same year, Figure 3: Companies ' annual net profit return and rate of increase in the same year
Figure 4: Quarterly parent net profit and year-on-year rate of increase for companies Figure 5: Cost over company period Figure 6: Māori rate for companies, net interest rate
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject