Three-quarterly reports were over-expected and high-performance updates were full. Summary of events: On October 10, the 3-quarterly report of 2022 was released by the company 3q22, with revenues of $4.569 billion, an increase of 78.11 per cent, and net profit returns of $932 million, an increase of the same year.
In 2022, q3, the company’s electronics equipment and electronics \triangleright business was in high demand in the downstream market, with full orders and boosted income, amounting to $4,569 million in a single quarter.
At the profit end, the company's Māori ratio of 3q22 increased by 41.12 per cent, compared with 3.3 pct, with a decline of 6.4 pcc, mainly due to higher sales revenue from the high Māori factor business in the first half of the year, resulting in seasonal fluctuations, but a steady upward trend in the same period. On the other hand, the cost side of the quarter is better controlled.
The company achieved a net return profit of 932 million yuan in the first quarter of 3q22, an increase of 167.71 per cent over the same period. The product line is becoming richer, consolidating the platform ' s niche. The company ' s product system is rich and widely applied in half.
1. The three-quarterly newspaper industry (002371.sz) in the North has a strong market competitiveness in the area of segmentation in areas such as press carriers, new materials, and new energy sources.
Pvd, cvd, oxidizing/dispersing furnaces, decomposition furnaces, washing machines, etc. in the field of integrated circuits and trans-conductors
It is reported that the total release of new items of equipment is expected to be 2022/08/Climatic equipment suppliers. Since 2022, the growing demand for applications such as new energy vehicles, high-performance calculations, etc., has resulted in a strong investment in integrated circuits, light voltage, etc., as a result of structural stock shortages in long and semiconductor chips.
In mid-2022, the North Chinese company (002371.sz) announced that the market for new products such as washing machines, ald, etc. had increased further and that production in the mainstream of integrated circuits had increased.
In terms of new product developments, 3q22 officially released ccp etching equipment designed for the 8-inch process, which should be used for a quarterly review: a quarterly report meets expectations and the equipment matrix continues.
In a variety of areas such as blogic, bcd, power (si/sic/gan), mems, etc., five clients have completed the roll-out of 2022/04/28 certificates and the realization of mass production to achieve full coverage of the etching area.
\triangleright maintains a “recommended” rating for the market position of domestic semiconductor equipment taps. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.