The three-quarterly report high performance, and the replacement of national production is expected to accelerate.
1. " Three Quarterly Report Performance Over Expectations, Prospective Country Substitution - The North China Crash " , 2022.10.12
On October 30, 2022, the company released its third quarterly report for 2022. In the first three quarters, the company achieved an operating income of 10 billion yuan, an increase of 62 per cent over the previous three quarters; in the mother's net profit of 1.69 billion yuan, an increase of 156 per cent over the same period; 2.
The deduction of non-net profits amounted to $1.480 billion, an increase of 181%. Single-q3 companies achieved operating income of $4.57 billion, an increase of 78 per cent, a gain of $930 million, an increase of 168 per cent, and a net gain of $830 million, an increase of 177 per cent.
4. High Profit Growth, Sustained Beneficiary Production-Income Growth, and a significant overall increase in profitability. In the first three quarters of 2022, the downstream market for corporate electronics equipment and electronic components business was in demand.
5. High Profit Growth, Sustained Beneficiary Production, Full Ordering, Active Measures taken by the Company to achieve the effective functioning of the production and supply chain, ensuring timely delivery of client orders and sustained growth in the performance of the company.
The rate was 44 per cent, an increase of 3 pct, an increase of 41 per cent for single q3, an increase of 3.3 pct and a decrease of 6.4 pcc over the same year, attributable to changes in product structure, the continued expansion of three quarters of high-oric products such as electronic components, and the accelerated replacement of national production by external sanctions.
In August of this year, the ccp medium carving machine was officially released, and has been certified and produced by five customers. The ccp carving machine has filled the northern Chinese corrosion device shortboard to achieve an overall solution on the eight-inch corrosion device.
On October 7, the U.S. Department of Commerce imposed additional restrictions on the export of chips and related production tools to China, further increasing the regulatory conditions for semiconductor equipment. We believe that the current focus on supply chain security is increasing policy subsidies and home-grown subsidies.
It is hoped that this share will continue to rise in the event that suppliers take on more local demand.
Equipment, such as plating, scalding, spreading, and velveting bands, applied to the magnetic materials industry, generated 0.5% of the total revenue in 2021. The impact of the event is manageable and will not have a substantial impact on the company’s normal operations.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment