Mid-Crystal International (688981) semi-annual review in 2024.
Chen Wei-Gwang, the trend towards a return to the warmer chain is largely established, and crystal-round work is a demand rebound for key industries at the front end of the chain, leading companies to achieve a year-on-year increase in 24h1 and a year-on-year gain in 24q2
In terms of profitability, the construction of 12 inches of company capacity accelerated during the reporting period, the reverse expansion of output resulted in higher depreciation costs on a par, and the collapse of crystal round labour prices during the reporting period affected the profitability of the enterprise and led to pressure on the company’s profitability.
Into 24q3, affected by geopolitics, demand for localization has accelerated, the core of the main market areas is in short supply, the company has a tight 12-inch capacity, and prices are good.
The company is optimistic about 24q3 because of its 12-inch expansion this year, its relatively high value added, its full use of new expansions and its income generation, and its contribution to optimized product mix adjustment. The round industry is seasonal, with four quarters usually in the traditional single season, with companies exhibiting 24q4
Domestic crystal-crystal industry leads, benefiting from the multiple drivers of downstream demand recovery, national production substitution, and product structure optimization. Companies are domestic crystal-crystal champions, with crystal-crys-crystal production levels running for many years.
For the second half of the year ahead, companies are expected to benefit from a sustained recovery in consumer electronics, smartphone platforms, an acceleration in localized demand as a result of political influence, and production from the sustained expansion of 12 inch capacity.
An increase in the value added and the prospect of a gradual recovery in business performance and a strong long-term development of dynamic energy is expected. Note: “Market index” for this rating system,a with a deep 300 index for the share comparator; and a three-board index for the new three-board comparator.
It is reported that “positive” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk”, that “radical” investors are fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, that they possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investments, and that they produce the present report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.