Nuclear power performance slowed down, and new energy sources continued to suffer from dilution of stock ratios -- China nuclear power was reported in the third quarter of 2025 (stock code: 601985)
25q3 nuclear power and new energy power levels continue to grow well on a year-on-year basis. 25q1-3, the company's nuclear power achieved 141,283 million kwh, or +11.44 per cent, of which 25q3 was 47,732 million kwh, compared to the pottery.
+10.09 per cent; mainly thanks to the start of production of Unit 1 in Suzhou at the beginning of the year and to the resumption of normal operations of Unit 4 in Fuku Qing. 25q1-3, the company ' s new energy sources generated 32.812 billion kwh, compared to 34.82 per cent; of which Liang Yonan
The combined impact of the low monthly electricity prices in provinces such as Jiangsu. With regard to new energy sources, 25q1-3 incomes increased by 21.09% (25h1 compared to 22.16%) and the income increase is expected to be less than the increase in electricity, mainly through combined access. Corresponding electricity costs of $0.194/kwh, +2.5% or +0.005/kwh, or mainly by new energy sources.
Combined with the above factors, the Māori ratio of 25q3 is equal to -54 pct to 41.4%, other gains, income tax, new energy shares are further delaying performance growth over dilution. In Māori, the decline in Māori rates, the return of VAT to taxes, and the impact of the expiry of tax incentives for nuclear power, new energy component projects; 3)
The impact of the 24-year roll-out of two series of reits, the conversion of marketized debt to dilute their own net return profit ratios, and the further decline in China’s nuclear power holdings as a result of the replenishment campaign, continues in 25q3.
The Department announced a 28.1% increase in the net profit from nuclear power operations of 25q1-3 compared to 9.48% in comparison with the previous year, and that the CBER programme is expected to have further influence on the company by issuing Category 3 Reits.
Financial indicators. If released successfully, the share of the net parent profit of the CRS itself may be further diluted, but given that the absolute amount of the CRM contribution to the net parent profit of the company is currently significantly reduced (25h1 new 1.
The impact is expected to be relatively manageable under the base.
After 24 years of performance, 25q1 nuclear power has recorded good growth. 3.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete your investment in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the information contained in this report is provided to the client for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to the client and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.