The company review study — the non-ferrous metals industry, with nearly 90 per cent growth in 2018, gold for the future, silver and silver resources (000975.sz)
(i) The acquisition of Elado, the performance of the gold industry, but the benefits of the Shanghai Shunji mining portfolio enabled the company to achieve its performance throughout the year 2018.
After the company successfully acquired four gold mining rights and nine gold mineral prospecting rights in China in early 2018 through the company in Shanghai, the company now owns about 99 tons of gold reserves and its Middle East gold deposits.
22.04 tons, 45 tons in Qinghai, and 31.88 tons in Jilin Temple. With the steady operation of the Dong An gold mine and the Jilin Temple mine, the company is expected to produce more than 70,000 tons of mineral gold in 2019, with the planned resumption of production in Qinghai in the first half of 2019.
The gold business will also be the biggest underpinning of the company’s growth in performance over the next few years. (ii) Gold prices may be entering a new upward cycle as global economic growth slows, the US economy becomes more uncertain, and the gold becomes more volatile.
In 2019, the Fed's rate of volatility and risk preference will slow down, and its rate of interest hikes, or even early endings, will raise the price of comex gold from $1167/ounce to over $1,300/ounce. The Fed's full-scale doves are projected.
Real interest rates in the United States in 2019 will be marginal and will support a sustained rise in gold prices, or a new cycle of rises. The release of corporate gold production, coupled with the rise in gold prices, will provide sufficient elasticity to the growth of the company’s performance.
With the release of the company's gold production in the coming years, the global economic downturn in aggregate gold prices and the possibility of a return to easing liquidity are expected to lead to a new upward cycle, with the gold business being supported by a dollar equivalent of 31 x and 22 x, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
1) production of mines at a slower pace than expected; 2) recent changes in the exchange rate of the United States dollar; 3) lower prices of gold lead and zinc and silver metals;
4) The easing of the economic situation has led to a weakening of the sense of risk.