Lee Xiaojun, with a 34% increase in the same year's net profit of 2017q1, continues to grow well, and the first quarter of 2017 was close to $800 million in pure profit, 34% more than before.
The view remains the same, we think that the old cellar in Chenzhou is one of the three parts of the country's traditional high-end white wine, which is slow in the current round of high-end white wine adjustment, but the new management reform has been very effective, with the company's internal management split of 25.5 and 20.4 times, maintaining the rating.
The company, which benefited from a rapid increase in the sale of high-quality alcohol in the first quarter of 2017, received 26.70 billion yuan, or 20.58 per cent more than the previous quarter; it is now owned by 797 million dollars, or 12.9 points more than the previous quarter.
Twenty-two percent, mainly companies, have managed to control the speed of orders and payments made by dealers in order to ease the pressure on the dealers’ finances and to ensure that the vaults are kept under reasonable water. We believe that the reforms that took place after the company’s new management came into office in June 2015 have been effective.
The main reason for accelerating the release of corporate performance in 2016 is that prices, given the adverse effects on companies of the previous “controlled price guarantee” policy, are now adopting a market-following strategy in price adjustment, rather than rushing to raise the price of the plant, which currently stands at 1573.
Over $650, which has been successfully lost for three consecutive years. In terms of products, the company has a large portfolio of investors in the circulation of a share, and the axes have condensed brands, focusing on the "Breaths 1573," "Breathing Ages" and "heads."
Twos, three series of five monoliths, offering to restore the company's traditional products to historical excellence within three to five years. In the area of plumbing, the company works to store and support the dealers, to ensure that the store is kept at reasonable water standards, and has a rhythmical speed of ordering and raising money from the dealers.
This is also the main reason why the company’s advance performance is lower than that of its peers. Profit predictions: the high-end white wine is now in good shape, and the company’s high-quality wine is clearly benefiting.
We estimate that the company’s Māori ratio in 2017 is expected to be close to the source of data: company announcements, group coupons.
Figure 2: Corporate rate of profit unit: % Data source: company announcements, group income vouchers (expected return; er) is valid, as follows: