In the first quarter of 2017, the company earned $2.67 billion, an increase of 20.34 per cent, and the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was $797 million.
Growth of 34.54 per cent, net profit of 796 million yuan, or 35.20 per cent, over the same period. \Triangleright \Triangleright’s sales revenue in the first quarter of the company rose by 20.34 per cent.
The net profit from the deduction to the parent is 796 million yuan, an increase of 35.20 per cent over the previous four quarters, and the sales of corporate products have continued to rise, especially when revenues from high-end sales of white wine, such as domestic customers and scavengers, have led to an increase in performance in the first quarter of 2017. The company’s cost rate has increased significantly, mainly in the first quarter of the year, by 52.9 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of the company’s continued increase in advertising and marketing to promote sales; and the management fee of $140 million.
The increase of 56.36 per cent in the same year was due mainly to the increase in the company ' s salaries and property insurance premiums; the rapid increase in sales of high-end white wine, which led to higher sales revenue for the company and hence an increase in consumption taxes, led to an increase in the Māori rate of the company ' s Māori for the higher-end products, such as taxes and supplements, which grew by 90.05 per cent, 1573 and scavengers, compared to the previous year ' s previous year.
A dozen price increases for high-end wines such as taste, national guest 1573, specials and cellar age, with 200 dollars per bottle in 1573 a year, high-end products.
With rising consumption, the company’s continued high-end performance will lead to a continued increase in the rate. Corporate governance is geared toward good product prices, and public issuance approvals add momentum to the overall growth of the company. \triangleright as the company’s new management takes office.
Integration and reform have led to the consolidation of product price systems, the formation of a complete product front, and the transformation of the marketing model into a brand-only model that enhances product branding and corporate control over marketing end-markets. Non-publicly issued funds will provide strong financial security for the implementation of the company’s brewing of alcohol engineering and technology improvement project (phase one) and increase the momentum for the company’s subsequent development.
With the new management's harmonization of corporate governance, the company's products, especially those at the middle and high end, are beginning to flourish, to recover rapidly and with greater resilience.
Master ' s degree in accounting, 2008 in agricultural and food beverages, 2011 in Anshin securities, 2013 in East Hing securities, and 8 years in food beverages.
China Agricultural University-California University, Berkeley, has joined forces to develop a Ph.D. in agricultural economics management. In 2015, the CECS Securities and Investment Department conducted a study of its own views.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies