Xiangzhou old cellar (000568); product structure upgrades have led to a return to high growth year-round.
The year-round growth was sustained at a rapid rate: during the reporting period, the company grew at a much faster rate than the white industry, with the alcohol industry increasing at an average rate of 10.07 per cent. The main liquor industry grew at a rate of 22.86 per cent, mainly as a result of the company ' s response to rising consumption and the white industry.
The trend of reheating, actively opening markets, restructuring products, increasing the ratio of medium- and high-end white wine to high-origin rates, and reducing the ratio of low-end white wine to low-origin rates, coupled with the company ' s repeated price increases for white wine during the reporting period, has resulted in a reduction in the ratio of low-end white wine to high- and medium- and high-end alcohol to high-origins.
High- and medium-end white wine camps saw significant increases of 72.35 per cent and 89.39 per cent, respectively, while low-end white wine camps saw a corresponding decrease of 30.72 per cent, while medium- and high-end white wine-rich rates were also reported to be in the company ' s basics (update)
In terms of sub-regions, all the regions registered double-digit growth in revenue, with the North China region registering the largest increase, at 39.28%. For the q4 season, net interest rates on company-owned products remained high: during the reporting period, due to company excellence
The introduction of marketing channels and the increased promotion of advertising led to an increase in the cost of sales by 5.6 to 18.54 per cent, administrative and financial costs, and an overall upgrading of the marketing system, with great scope for future development: the company is currently “four-in-three”
The marketing organization structure of the first-line centre has been set up, and the country's seven major marketing service centres have ensured coherence in marketing decision-making, command, supervision, and coordination.
Three major brands already control a large number of core networks throughout the country. As the mid-to-high-end white market warms, companies are expected to continue their sales in the future, with a high rate of growth associated with the move to harvest.
Wan Yong: University of Hull, England, Master of Business Administration, major area of research and tracking: Large consumption, based on a rise or decline in securities relative to 300 indexes in the six months following reporting. This report is produced by Chinese securities for customers of Chinese securities only.
The accuracy and completeness of the information are not guaranteed. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information and the views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question. The information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment objectives, financial position and specific needs of the persons obtaining this report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to anyone.
They shall also consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters, as necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial situation and specific needs.