4016 super-performance boosts high-end white confidence in the wine industry, and 1q17 is expected to open, Mahobo.
Incident: 16-yearly newspaper published by the Cemetery of Sãozhou, yielding $8.3 billion in 16 years, resulting in a net return of $1.930 billion to the mother, an increase of 20.3 per cent and 30.9 per cent, respectively, and $1.38 per share in 16 years. Companies successfully completed their annual revenue target of $8 billion over 15 years, with a strong corporate brand focus.
The high-end wine is growing fast. The high-end wine cellar earns $2.92 billion, an increase of 89.4 per cent over the same period, continuing its 15-year high rate of growth. The middle-end wine earns $2.79 billion, an increase of 72.4 per cent over the same period.
(b) The increase in the overall Māori rate by 14.5 pt, with a marked structural upgrading.
Cost placement is generally manageable, and the business situation continues to improve. 1) The company’s 16-year sales fee annual operating cash flow amounts to $2.63 billion, i.e. +162% of the year.
The 16q4 billion companies, a significant increase of 184% over the previous year, boosted the high-end white wine performance and unleashed confidence. The market environment is good, and the country’s population is expected to rise by 1701:
The overall supply and demand pattern for high-end alcohol is favourable, and the country’s customers are expected to enter the price increase cycle.
• Management reforms have been very effective and are fully active into the strategic sprint period.
It has implemented a series of reforms, through a brand focus on the five core monoliths, the creation of a branding department, and significant results in marketing teams, and the consolidation of price systems. It is expected that the five major brands of the Department will be fully active in the next three years, with the prospect of a rapid strategic sprint.
3. Cemetery of the Liang Province: Expansion ensures production capacity is safe, increases 1. Growth in the second half of the year, 16q4 performance has increased significantly, supermarket expectations have been expected. 16q4 distributors are in high demand for supplies, as well as sales due to the early impact of the 16-year mid-autumn season and the 17-year spring season.
Business is positively affected by price increases and expectations. 16q4 yields 2.420 billion dollars, a 28 per cent increase over the previous year. High growth is still being achieved on a high base of 226 per cent revenue growth compared to 15q4 receipts. With a net return of 421 million dollars from high-end alcohol, the same increase of 184 per cent is significantly higher than expected, and it boosts the high-end white wine performance and unleashes confidence.
2. The cost of sales has increased significantly and the overall cost is still manageable.3 The increase in the turnover tax rate has been influenced by the increase in the ratio of medium- and high-end alcohol, the increase in the proportion of medium- and high-end alcohol, the overall turnover tax and the 16-year plus of $845 million, an increase of 63 per cent.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board