Lee Xiaojun's rapid growth in high-end alcohol sales led to a 31% increase in net profits in 2016, exceeding expectations, and a net gain of $1,927 million in 2016, a 31% increase in comparison with the previous year. Better than we expected.
In keeping with previous arguments, we believe that the old cellar in Chenzhou, one of the country's traditional high-end white wines, is slow in the current round of high-end white wine adjustments, but that the changes in the new management have been very effective, and that improvements in corporate internal management will greatly help the corporate brand to return to the top three. Stock prices are now in 2017.
In order to reduce the financial pressure on distributors and ensure that pipeline stock is kept at reasonable levels, the speed of orders and payments by distributors is systematically controlled. On a quarterly basis, 4q achieves 2,423 million yuan in turnover, an increase of 28.5% compared to 28.5%.
The net profit of shareholders in listed companies was $421.4 million, an increase of 181 per cent over the same year.
In 2016, the company ' s share of high-quality alcohol rose by almost 12 percentage points to 35%. At the same time, the Māori rate of high-quality alcohol products rose to 88%, returning to its highest level in history. On the other hand, low- and middle-level alcohol sales increased by 5,153 million yuan.
We believe that the successful reforms following the inauguration of the new company management in June 2015 are the main reason for accelerating the release of company performance in 2016. On the price side, given the adverse impact on the company of the previous “controlled price guarantee” policy, the company is now following the market on the price adjustment.
The strategy of the field is not so eager to raise the prices of the company, which currently stands at more than $650 for the country's customers, and has managed to escape the price collapse for the third consecutive year. On the product side, the company has made a big effort to adjust its brands, focusing on the creation of the “national customers 1573, the guest age special” and the “heads”
Two, three series of five monoliths and a proposal to restore the company's traditional product sales to historical best standards within three to five years. In the area of plumbing, companies focus on inventorying and nurturing dealers to ensure that the pipeline stock is at a reasonable level and that the speed of ordering and making payments to distributors is staggered.
Control. This is also the main reason why the company’s advance performance is lower than that of its counterparts. Profit forecasts: On balance, assuming that the company’s sales plan can be completed (cagr about 20%), our expected remuneration (expected return; er) is as follows: