The product structure is further optimized into a comprehensive counter-attack era Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) Net return to the Quanzhou cellar in 2016 by 30.89 per cent on a year-on-year basis
The annual report for 2016, published on the evening of 18 in the Cedars (000568), achieved an increase of RMB 804 million, or 20.34 per cent, in the company ' s operating income during the reporting period, a net profit of RMB 1,928 million attributable to shareholders in listed companies, and further optimized the profitability of the product structure
Corporate reforms have worked well, with a series of marketing measures introduced by the company over 16 years, with a significant increase in the sale of high-end alcohol, such as domestic guests, cellars, etc., and a further improvement in the product structure. Over 16 years, high-quality company alcohol grew by 89.39 per cent, middle-grade alcohol grew by 72.35 per cent, and low-end alcohol fell by 30.72 per cent.
The division speeds up the process of cleaning up low-end products, which, when well structured, will help companies to counter them in a comprehensive manner. With medium-to-high-end products ranging from a percentage point to 23.48%, the profitability is further enhanced. The cost rate rose by 6.2 percentage points to branding during the period, and initiatives such as the development of a circle of influence to upgrade the company’s brand have led to higher costs.
The company also announced a business plan for 2017, with sales revenue of $10.128 billion, an increase of 21.97 per cent over the same period; net profits of $5.29 billion, an increase of 31.17 per cent over the same period.
The company, as a great nostril, has been gradually cleaning up over-developed brands under the flag since 15 years ago, and has adjusted the size of the country's guests, cellar age, and specials, and has played three major brand lines, five singles. The new management is confident in the reform of the company, and the product lines have been streamlined and focused on putting brand strength into the cellars, the age of the cellars, the headlines, and so on.
After more than two years of restructuring, the company is now almost finished, and the low-end product bar code has shrunk dramatically.
The marketing team and channels are almost complete after nationwide marketing and marketing. After the high-end white wine market fire in late 16 and the company's control to clean up its stocks, the basis for the full offensive is now set at 17.
Open Source Securities Co. Ltd. is back on its full-blown growth every year. The company’s product covers the full price range, and the current supply shortfall will be the norm, with 18-year price increases as a approximate event.
The price of high-end white wine will also drive the price increases for sub-high-end products such as cellar age, specials, etc. The old cellars in Lianzhou, as the four most famous wines, have a strong brand name and a big star.
High-end, sub-high-end, middle-end, middle-end prices are all competitive products. We look forward to the future double-priced effects of the Department’s solid brand influence and highly competitive products.
Fig. 1: I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to present this report independently and objectively, with a diligent and professional attitude. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I have been, directly or indirectly charged with the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Disclosures of company-related information The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, as defined by the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index in the six months following the reporting date, as follows:
In the six-month period following the reporting date, industry was defined as follows: (overweight): industry outperformed overall market performance; (underweight): industry was weaker than overall market performance.