The product structure upgrade accelerates profit growth, elasticity, middle- and high-end brands, events: 1 quarterly report published by the Quanzhou cellar, 2.670 billion in 17q1, net return to the mother.
On 30 April 2017, Mahobo  low-end alcohol adjustments affected income growth, and the decline in advance receipts eased the pressure on dealers ' funds.
As a result of the continued decline in low-end wine branding, (2) the advance of $830 million at the end of the quarter was 22 per cent lower compared to the previous quarter, resulting in a gradual shift in sales patterns and a reduction in the size of the distributors, while accelerating the flow of products and reducing the financial exposure of the distributors.)
Cash received for the sale of goods and the provision of services stood at 2.31 billion, corresponding to 8.2 per cent, ring to +66 per cent, and operating cash flows were still at a higher level, taking into account the early spring spring 17 factor. (4) 17q1 end-of-year receivables, 2,703 million, an increase of 750 million (+38 per cent), a large-scale recruitment by companies
After doing business, the dealer uses instruments such as bank bills.                                       + 12.9 pt
High-middle-end alcohol growth leads to product structural upgrading. 2) 17q1 sales cost 440 million (+52.9% of the year) and 16.6% (+3.9pc), as a result of companies continuing to increase their advertising and marketing efforts. We believe that the cost rate is still planned for 17 years.
Within 19%, the overall rate is controlled. 3) Upgraded by the share of medium- and high-end alcohol sales, 17q1 Battalion, we believe that, due to the high tax base on medium- and high-end alcohol consumption, tax escalation is mainly due to product structural upgrades. Overall, the corporate consumption tax has not risen too much, with medium and high-end alcohol increasing.
The size of the cellars has risen so that it continues to function. The overall supply and demand pattern for high-end alcohol is favourable, with a five-cent limit on the price, and the cellar is entering a price-raising cycle.
The price has been raised to 680 and the price has been raised to 720 dollars. In- and out-of-plan prices have been introduced, and quotas have been applied in an orderly manner.
The year is expected to be a new growth point for the products of the waist.  Sales reforms have shown their effectiveness, resulting in a guaranteed increase in production capacity. The company focuses on five monolithic items, creating a business department based on brand names, and concentrating its resources on the rapid development of core brands.
We believe that the firm's fixed assets and capital have been under-invested for a long period of time, and this time we are optimizing the quality of the upgraded product through a targeted increase in technology.
At the same time, changing the power of high-end and high-end alcohol production can better support medium- and high-end alcohol use in the future. To boost the confidence of the high-end white wine industry, 1017 has a profit forecast and investment proposal: we believe that the company is the most resilient white wine at high-end.
We're looking forward to the opening of the door -- 20170419 brands, high-end wine cellars, high-growth, high-volume, medium- and high-end growth-led product knots.
Construction upgrades are expected to accelerate the release of profits. The revenue is expected to be $10.35 billion in 17-19, and 3.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board