(000568.sz)
1920 million yuan, a 31 per cent increase in the same year, is 6 per cent higher than our net profit projection of $1.82 billion. Management expects that the higher than expected performance of old visitors (000568, sz) (1) is due mainly to a stronger than expected growth in mid-end products and the realization of income people
The average value of the food and beverages industry is $2.79 billion, an increase of 72 per cent over the same period, and the increase in average prices of products has led to a significant increase in the Māori rate for this group.
Sales grew by at least 50%, to about 10,000 tonnes. As middle-end branding companies are doing well, we believe that the class may continue to enjoy strong growth. (2) High-end products generate $2.92 billion, an increase of 89%. We estimate an increase in sales in the cellars by 1573.
In view of the continued recovery of high-end markets and the supply constraints faced by other brands, we believe that the cellar should increase its market share in 2017 by 1573. We expect that its sales in 2017 will (3) as a whole, we believe that the company is rapidly upgrading its product structure, while its total sales decline.
This is confirmed by price increases. This should continue to push up the profit margin. Business relationships exist and continue to seek to develop them.
Considering that the company may have a conflict of interest that may affect the objectivity of this report, the information should not be considered, see the appendix to the information disclosure or contact your investment representative.
The person who contributed to this report, Liao-Yu-Yu, cfa, Liao-Yu-Yu, cfa, hereby states that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views on the company or its securities. Moreover, no part of my salary has been, will not be, nor will it be.
The investment summary section evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the key indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, returns, valuation multipliers and volatility. Growth, returns and valuation multipliers are calculated using several methods combined to determine the unit’s percentage ranking within the area of research industry.
The precise calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows: Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, income, etc. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital rates of return and net asset rates of return. The valuation multipliers are calculated on the basis of the expected annual valuation rates, such as market rates, dividends rates of return, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, market net rates based on a 12-month history.
Volatility calculations are adjusted for dividends. Quantum quanttum is a highly proprietary database providing the history, projections and ratios of specific financial statement data, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm or for comparisons between firms in different industries and markets.
The gssustain gssustain is a relatively stable global investment strategy focused on making long-term multi-recommend proposals. The gssustain list of concerns covers industry-led enterprises that we believe have a continuing competitive advantage over their global counterparts and an excellent return of capital, and therefore are expected to perform well in the long term. Our selection of leading firms is based on a quantitative analysis of the cash returns of cash investments, the position of the industry and the level of management (corporate management).
Cfa:a share of media, a share of consumer durables, a share of food beverages, a share of Chinese consumer goods.a share of consumer durables: Glyceries, American Group, Qingdao Haile.
A set of food drinks: Guai Goon, Yoo River, Guozhou Maotai, Jinzhou old cellar, Qing Qingqin, Shanxi Liquor, Qingji Island Beer (a) and Five Grain fluids.a A set of media outlets: Aufi Entertain, Light Media, Caohua Cable, Hua Weiwena, Blue Curtain, South Central Media, Media Division, Province Guang, Hua Soo Brothers, imax China, Phoenix Media, Music Network, East Mingju, Science and Technology, Mandarlin House Line, Hua Xiao Xiao.
Chinese consumer goods: Ying Yuan, Light Dairy, Modern Shepherd, Hua Yun Start-up, Mon Niu Dairy, Master Kang's shareholdings, Qingjia Beers (h), Unity Enterprises, Wangwang China, Wanzhou International, and Eli. The statutory disclosure relating to companies does not disclose specific information on the following companies: Thongzhou Cemetery (rmb43.05).
Corporate ratings, research industries, and ratings and related definitions. Any stock that does not receive a purchase or sale rating and has an active rating (i.e. shares that are not suspended, not rated, suspended or unresearched) is considered to be a neutral rating. The distribution of ratings may vary according to the decision of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee.
Suspended rating (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of sufficient basis to set investment ratings or price targets, or because there are legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, where they exist, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Suspended research (cs): We have suspended research on the company. No research (nc): we did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or is not applicable. No (nm): this information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report.
This report is distributed in China by the High China Securities Agency, which is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.