The core competitiveness is supply chain control, formula R & D and customer services.
The main factors in the long-term supply and price volatility of the electrolyte are price fluctuations in raw materials. The core competitiveness of the electrolyte is reflected in supply chain control, formulation R & D, and customer services, where the above three dots are available in the electrolyte price volatility cycle.
The market for electrolytes has maintained a 24.5% compound growth rate over the next three years, and the expansion of the market has led to the consolidation of the vanguard: 235,000 electrolytes are expected to be produced in 2021, benefiting from the growth in power cell demand and the eruption of storage capacity.
Tons, with annual compound growth of 21.5%. Although the price of the electrolyte has been declining for more than a year, prices have now reached the cost line, the market space for the future remains stable, the production capacity of the suburban material has expanded to 50,000 tons in Xijiang, Tianjin and Guangzhou, and the construction of 100,000 tons of the Xiangyang base is expected to begin.
By 2019 and 2020, effective total production capacity could reach 80,000 tons and 100,000 tons, continuing to consolidate its leader status. Vertical extension of core raw materials, with electrolytic liquid prices agreed: The company extended the industrial chain to core raw materials, building 20,000 tons of liquid lithium hexafluoride and 2 million tons of lithium mine
Minerals, lithium carbonate, 50,000 tons of hydrogen fluoride, 300,000 tons of sulphuric acid, etc., gradually connect the links to the core raw materials, with a company with 100,000 tons of electrolytic liquid energy in 2020, reducing costs, and improving supply chain management. At the same time, new lithium salt lifsi and so on are set up to be a precursor to the new electrolytic fluids of the future.
After years of lost prices, the electrolyte competition has become clear, three seasons of solvent prices have risen, prices have been raised, price agreements have been reached, the electrolyte market is expected to break down the low-cost competition model for customers and move to a new high-value-added partnership with clients that is suitable for high nickel batteries.
Products, through the introduction of new products into new customers, creating a virtuous competition. New opportunities for cosmetics, creating a new dynamic of growing growth: corporate day-to-day operations have been stabilizing their supply to well-known clients, such as Olya, Polite, Unilever, Blue Moon, etc.
Raw materials, combined with changes in the domestic cosmetics market in recent years, promote strong research and development of weak features for red brand clients, introduce a variety of different cosmetic formulations, upgrade basic raw materials to more value-added cosmetic formulations, and the company’s daily business is expected to grow steadily as the cosmetics market expands.
• Short-term pressure to improve the profitability of the whole industry chain layout: 1 day of basic information on the materials
The company's main business is the development, production and sale of new materials for fine chemical industries, which are in the petrochemical industry, mainly in the research and development, production and marketing of lithium ion cell materials, solar materials and special chemicals. The company has strong scientific and advanced management capabilities.
Several STI vehicles, such as a taxi station, a national post-doctoral research workshop, an enterprise technology centre in Guangdong Province, an enterprise technology centre in Jiangxi Province, an engineering research and development centre in Guangdong Province, and a high-quality research and development team with comprehensive coverage of all strategic product lines with strong innovations
In the context of the ipid innovation system, the company implemented organizational changes in a strong matrix structure, with the Ministry responsible for researching and marketing the entire value chain, the Ministry of Electrolysis, the Ministry of Basic Materials, the Ministry of Positive Materials, the Ministry of Solar Materials and Special Chemicals, the Ministry of Organic Silicon Rubber and Rubber, five major departments, all of which are connected, mutually supportive and cooperative.
The 12 direct holding companies such as Tianjin Chi, the 7 indirect holding companies such as Xijiang Tianxiang, Ningde Kaihin and the 4 conglomerates such as Lithium Contributor, have travelled through the chain of the electrolyte industry. 1.2 Equity structures are stable and management teams are experienced.
For the second largest shareholder, other shareholders are divided, with shares at about 2%. A more centralized equity structure makes the company more stable and facilitates rapid corporate decision-making and raises the speed of the enterprise’s response.
Aluminium ion cell electrolyte has been cultivated for many years, and in 2008 and 2010 received a technical award from Guangzhou City and Guangdong Province, with deputy general manager Seo Sansun, graduate degree, master ' s degree in business management from Zhejiang University, and many years of work experience in chemical industries. Deputy general manager Zhou Sun-woo, Chengzhou Institute of Aviation Industry Management, Chinese People ' s University balba, and my furniture in Nanjing, Ning Bo Fong-ta.
Companies such as cookware have many years of experience in marketing. The management team is extremely forward-looking and innovative, both at the technical and marketing levels, in order to contribute to the structure of the gifted materials.
In 2018, the company integrated its operational silicon rubber materials with a technical platform, which is no longer listed independently and is divided into solarized and lithium electric materials.
With the development of the new energy car market, the turnover of lithium electric materials has exceeded the amount of solarized materials since 2015, becoming the company ' s top business, growing rapidly from 28.17 per cent of total revenue in 2014 to 63.64 per cent in the first half of 2018, and the lithium electric business has become the company ' s core strategic business.
Lithium ion battery materials produced by the company consist mainly of lithium ion cell electrolyte fluids and solid material, both key raw materials for lithium phosphate batteries, while industry-wide chain layouts around the main products, including lithium hexafluoride, new lithium salt, hydrofluoric acid, lithium carbonate, etc., form a strong industrial system.
In the first half of 2018, the company’s corporate department used a surcharge strategy to capture market shares, and the volume of goods delivered continued to rise, with production rising by about 15,000 tons in the first half of the year, up 42.86 per cent in the same year, with other battery materials in the form of revenues of $569 million. The rate of Maori fell to 22.94 per cent in the first half of the year, and the price of electrolyte has risen in the third quarter.
In the second half of the year, the rate is expected to stop the decline in Lithium Battery Operations.
The solar materials and special chemicals produced by the chemical industry are mainly products of surfactants, silicon oils, water soluble polymers, ion-modulators, etc. The solar materials are widely used in the cleaning and care of the human body, and downstream products are used as personal care products, including shampoo, shampoo, hair protection, etc.
In the meantime, solar materials are widely used in the cleaning and care of daily homes, clothing, downstream product applications, including cleaning agents such as baths, kitchens, leather-care waxes and laundry fluids; special chemical applications are mainly industrial, company products and technologies that provide innovative solutions in the areas of paper, construction, pesticides, oil fields and dyes.
In the first half of 2018, solarized materials collected 325 million yuan, an increase of 7.17%. The company’s future strategic direction is to expand brand power, seize the opportunity of a sustained high growth in the cosmetics market, open the cosmetics market and raise the Māori rate by developing new and excellent formulations.
For 1,497 million yuan, the rate of increase was -239 per cent. In terms of net return profits, 472 million were recorded in the third quarter of 2018, an increase of 70.08 per cent in the previous quarter, but after excluding the effects of increased returns on the sale of shares in the lithium-sink industry, the net non-returned profit was 21.13 million yuan in the third quarter of 2018, a decline of 92.25 per cent from the previous year ' s period, with short-term performance under pressure.
At present, despite some of the company’s performance pressures, the company’s industrial chain is well organized around the middle and bottom of the electrolyte, with investments in lithium mines, lithium hexafluoric acid, hydrofluoric acid, positive materials, and cost-control capabilities leading the way in the industry, with Māori rates maintaining higher levels compared to other companies, with significant advantages in price wars. At the same time, firms with weak cost controls and tight capital chains have been able to build up.
In this round of price wars, it is hoped that there will be a greater market share of the materials. In the long run, the price of the market for the electrolyte will return to normal levels, and the company’s lithium electric materials business will be on the verge of a recovery and profit. 1.4.2 The cost of the materials will be high, and the Māori rate will decline.
The breakdown of operating costs consists of direct materials accounting for more than 80% of the cost of the product over the last three years, reaching 83.4% in 2017, which is the main component of the product product. The prices of the upstream raw materials have a significant impact on the whole production process, given that both of the company’s operations require large amounts of raw materials.
In 2017 and the first half of the year, influenced by higher prices for upstream raw materials, the Māori rate for daily materials operations declined to 23.61 per cent, compared to 0.8 percentage points in the same year, with higher short-term cost pressures, and prices for daily raw materials have now fallen, while companies are actively pursuing higher Māori-based cosmetic formulations, with a likely increase in the next half of the year.
Cost structure of the product (%) Figure 10. Māori rate of the individual sections of the company (%)  direct labour
Direct material 80,000 tonnes of liquid capacity and 30,000 tonnes of liquid lithium hexafluoride capacity, which will remain the focus of the company’s capital expenditure for the next two years, while at the same time the company’s financial costs have increased significantly. After deducting exchange gains and losses, the company’s financial costs in the first half of 2018 were 0.14.
Billion dollars, an increase of 162.55 per cent over the same period in the previous year, mainly due to an increase in bank borrowing, net interest expenditure increased by 458.18 per cent over the year, based on the first half of figure 13. Financial cost rates for exchange gains and losses are reasonable (%)2 core electrolyte competitiveness: supply chain control, formulation R & D and customer
2.1 Overcapacity in long-term electrolyte production, low depreciation ratio, limited price impact of supply Low cost of investment in electrolyte production lines, fast construction cycle, low depreciation ratio, for example, with the November 2017 investment announcement of the gift material Construction of 100,000 tons of electrolyte per year project, $129.94 million in construction investment, 12 months of construction cycle, average annual operating income based on company forecasts
The low demand for funds for the electrolytic fluid production line and the speed of expansion have led to the long-term oversupply of the electrolyte production capacity, which is less than 60-70 per cent during the season, even less than 50 per cent during the low season, much more than production, while the price of the electrolyte is rising or falling, the fact that the electrolyte vendor has no incentive to increase the quantity of the product by reducing the price for about 1 per cent of the depreciation, and the price change for the electrolyte is not simple electrolyte.
2.2 The price of the electrolyte is mostly derived from upstream raw materials. The price of the electrolyte is more relevant to the price of the main raw materials, compared to the price of lithium hexafluoride, which reflects a high degree of overlap.
Because of the transparent price of the raw materials of the electrolyte, the price of the electrolyte is more based on a cost-added model, which is not a simple cost plus a fixed cost, but rather dynamic, as can be seen from a comparison of the prices of the electrolyte listed company, the State of New Zeus, and lithium hexafluorate, with the increase in the price of lithium hexafluorate, the Māori rate of the electrolyte vendor will rise and the Māori rate will decline when the price falls.
Figure 16. The price of electrolyte fluids is linked to the price of lithium hexafluoride (thousands of yuan/tons). The supply of and demand for the raw materials of the electrolyte are also cyclical, and only powerful large plants can provide stable orders throughout the cycle, as this raw material manufacturer also gives priority to large plants when the raw materials are strained, so that the flow can remain stable when the cycle goes down.
The rise in other manufacturing raw materials usually leads to a decline in the Māori rate, but the electrolyte is the opposite. The reason is that the electrolyte price is spread well, the electrolyte business is similar to a trader, and when the raw material price increases, the supply of the electrolyte is tight. Only electrolyte producers with stable raw material supply can stabilize the delivery, and the actual production capacity of the electrolyte is not a nominal production capacity but a supply of raw materials.
It is natural that a stable supplier of electrolytic fluids can follow the price of raw materials to increase the price of electrolyte fluids and increase the Māori rate. Recent supply of the electrolyte solution dmc has increased, the price of the electrolyte has risen, the Māori rate of the electrolyte plant has improved, and the price of the electrolyte is a reflection of the supply and demand of raw materials.
The increase in the price of lithium hexafluoride (millions per ton) is associated with an electrolytic fluid manufacturer ' s Māori ratio (%) and the upward layout of the 2.3 chain of industry can effectively reduce costs.
The use of self-supplied raw materials is an effective way to improve supply chain control. For example, in the automotive component industry, floating glass is an important raw material for car glass, accounting for 70% of the cost, effectively reducing the cost of production by increasing the self-sufficiency of floating glass, and raising the Māori rate. Five major car glass manufacturers around the world, Fry Glass, Tsumiko, Stetric Nico, St. Goban and Sini Glass, are all oriented towards the future.
Up-extension of the industrial chain, floating glass production, glimmers, twigs, and silicon letters, even up to floating glass material, enhances corporate competitiveness through vertical integration. Of the electrolyte costs, lithium hexafluorate is the highest, with the cost of lithium hexafluorate exceeding the price of electrolytic batteries at the peak of the price.
As a chemical manufacturer, the electrolyte plant has been placed upwards of lithium hexafluoride, which reduces the cost of electrolyte, enhances resistance to cyclical fluctuations and enhances competitiveness. Figure 19. Lithium hexafluoride costs as a percentage of the price of electrolyte (%)
2.4 The core competitiveness of the electrolyte: supply chain control, formulation R & D and customer services The core competitiveness of the electrolyte is supply chain control, formulation R & D and customer services. 1) Supply chain control: the electrolyte industry has very clear cyclical attributes, price increases and falls, cost increases and decreases, and how to move in cycles
Surviving in volatility and taking advantage of the growing market share of the cycle test the control of the supply chain by the electrolyte manufacturer, which, at the bottom of the cycle, is less costly than the counterparty and always has more room for survival than the average cost of the market; at the top of the cycle, through self-production or long-term outsourcing, guarantees the steady supply of raw materials and maximizes the benefits by making as many deliveries as possible; and thus, not in a single ups and downs cycle.
Supply chain management also includes production control, quality assurance, product stability, consistency, and one of the cores of competitiveness. 2) Formulating: the technology core of the electrolyte is the formula. The electrolyte is directly exposed to the other three battery raw materials, both positive and negative.
The electrolyte consists mainly of solvents, conductor salts, and additives, with many options for solvents and additives, with different components. For example, ethylene carbonateec can form a stable sei membrane with graphite negative poles, while there is a high IEC, but the melting point is higher (36°C), with constant temperatures.
It's a solid state, which requires a mix of other carbonate solvents in order to function at constant temperatures. Lithium cells are very diverse in positive materials, and electrolytes need to change the formulation for different positives. Consumption is dominated by cobalt-acid lithium, the power group consists of threes including phosphate lithium, ncm and nca, and the ncm is divided into 111, 523, 622 and 811, each of which is a positive material.
The formulations of the electrolytes vary greatly, with ncm523, for example, the positives of the different manufacturers not necessarily following the standard Molby 532 burns, so that the ncm 523 positives vary from the positive to the extreme electrolytic fluids of the different manufacturers, especially since diaphragms and negative materials of the same plant have to be adjusted for the formulation.
For high nickel ncm 811 and nca, the formulation of the electrolyte is more complex than for other positive formulations, as ncm 811 and nca sacrifice some of their safety to achieve higher energy density, so the electrolyte requires a variety of additives and a combination of new lithium salt to compensate for the positive safety performance, the chemical system is much more complex than other products, and the additives are not as much added and varied as possible and require extensive study.
It is the technical core of the electrolyte that can be derived from test errors in the development and testing of effective product formulations. Raising battery voltage is also an effective way to increase the energy density of the cells, with high-voltage electrolytic liquid formulations being a customer service for future electrolyte development: the most prominent common R & D and ancillary plants for client services.
Co-research and development is a long-term supply, and since electrolytes and the need for positive and negative electrodes are matched by the need for electrolyte companies to produce new products, the joint research and development of electrolyte and battery companies is particularly important, especially in the field of power cells, where power cell safety is high, test cycles are long, the accompanying electrolyte can be stabilized over the long term if the battery material system is determined.
The focus of joint customer R & D is also different, with powerful battery manufacturers typically having their own electrolyte R & D systems, usually requiring electrolyte manufacturers to cooperate in the development of new system formulations, while weaker manufacturers need to provide directly the solution.
The electrolytic fluid is about battery safety. It is key to balancing performance and safety. The first-line supplier has a long certification cycle and is more inclined to work together on a long-term basis.
A steady extension of the electrolyte industry chain, opening up new growth space, and maintaining a steady rise in demand in the market of 3.1 electrolyte fluids, with a steady rise in the industry at the forefront of the lithium battery market, which already accounts for over 50 per cent of the market share of power cells and is expected to be driven by the rapid growth in the sale of new energy vehicles.
The consumption 3c sector continues to grow rapidly; the stock market has entered the bulk market, smartphones have increased slightly, and end-use equipment, smart homes, head-dressing equipment, etc. have not broken out as much as expected, and the entire 3c sector has slowed down with a 5g switch-of-ship boost in 20-21 years; storage is expected to start this year, with a significant share of the telecommunications and electricity grids using electrochemical storage, based on ggii data.
In the three quarters of 2018, the production of lithium storage cell electrolyte was 5470 tons, an increase of 89.3 per cent over the same period, assuming a 25-30 per cent increase in the production of lithium in power and storage in the future, with a gradual increase in the ratio of power batteries to 60 per cent, consumer batteries to 5-10 per cent, and a total domestic production of lithium batteries of approximately 93gw in 2018 and close to 170gw in 2021, corresponding to domestic electrolytic fluid production.
In terms of market patterns, the number of deliveries in the first three quarters was 28.98 per cent, exceeding the sum of the second and third places in the city of Tehuajun, Jiangsu. Market concentration, now at the stage of shuffling in the value industry, has been growing in the last two years, with a steady increase in the number of head companies, which are in a position to produce energy, technology, finance, and customers, and the pace of phase-out of small and medium-sized firms.
The current market pattern for electrolyte is stable, with clear leadership positions, damaged by all parties in the price war in the first half of the year, and when the supply of solvents is strained in the third quarter, the price increases are due to the fact that several leaders have formed their respective client groups and have been willing to take advantage of the market by lowering prices.
For its part, the company continues to work closely with front-line battery customers in the country, maintaining long-term supply relationships with power cell taps in Catl, Biadi, Gokko, etc. The company is currently the largest supplier of catl electrolyte.
The company will continue to run the electrolyte at cost, formula and scale, take control of the core raw materials, expand the cost advantage, and accelerate the occupation of the market.
Tian Chi is currently holding 50,000 tons of electrolytic fluid in Guangzhou, Xijiang, Tianjin and Ningde. Since the second half of last year, the prices of the electrolyte have remained low, the company still sees future market demand as well as low production line construction costs, seasonal demand for the electrolyte, higher demand in three or four quarters, active expansion of the company to respond to market demand growth, avoidance of insufficient quarterly production capacity, investment in the construction of 100,000 tons of electrolyte capacity, production capacity in the first phase of the Xiaoyang.
Gradually released, total capacity is expected to reach 80,000 tons by the end of 2018, and total capacity is expected to reach 100,000 tons by the end of 2019, with real and ongoing capacity being the first in the country, maintaining the company ' s leading position in the industry. 3.2.1 Expanding liquid lithium hexafluoride to meet its own demand
The cost composition of the electrolyte liquid is the highest for lithium hexafluoride, accounting for about 50 per cent of the cost of raw materials, and its price fluctuations have a significant impact on the overall cost of production, which will lead to fluctuations in the production costs of companies, as well as to a corporate strategy to open up to the upstream industry, to build production projects for key raw materials such as lithium hexafluorate, which will significantly reduce the profitability risks associated with price fluctuations through self-financing of raw materials.
Lithium hexafluorate produced 10,000 tons of liquid lithium hexafluorate and 2,000 tons of liquid lithium hexafluorate. Since 1950, when United States scientists took the lead in proposing Lipf. There have been a number of methods of preparing Lipf.
Due to low transformation rates, which have been largely phased out, there are currently two types of mainstream domestic production processes: hydrofluoride solvents and organic solvents, with other methods including ion exchange, or the use of pentachlorinated phosphorus, phosphorus pentaoxidide and lithium chloride as feedstock, but at high cost, as shown in figure 27.dithium hexafluoride cost components (%)
Hydrogen fluoride solvents, by definition, use hydrofluoride as a solvent, as in the case of both the silvicultural process (Hong Jia Harbour) and polyfluoride, with the advantage that the reaction as a whole can be counterbalanced in liquids, making it easier to conduct and control; the disadvantage is that crystallization is not easy to control and there are hf residues in products, hf corrosive of battery materials, thus affecting battery electrical performance, high equipment preservative requirements, high energy consumption in deep cold processes and high production costs.
Figure 28. Hydrofluoride-based lithium hexafluoride production process Figure 29. Organic solvent-based lithium hexafluorate production process Organic solvents use carbonate esters (e.g. pc, emc, dec, dmc) as a direct solution with lithium ion cell electrolyte solution, or
The use of one or more reagents in the more soluble acetylene, ethyldiol dimethyl ether, hydroether, thorium and tetrahydrofurans is a solvent. The plants that use this method have the advantages of avoiding hydrogen fluorine, reducing equipment preservative requirements, and obtaining liquid Lipf. They can be used directly in the solution formulation of lithium ion batteries, simple process, and low equipment and production costs. The disadvantages are that the solid material is very low in organic solvents.
Each manufacturer selects different processes based on its own technology accumulation and cost considerations. The gifted material has both solid (hydrofluoride solvent) and liquid (organic solvent) lithium hexafluorate production techniques, combined with long-term electrolyte and lithium hexafluorate supply and demand patterns, the company chooses to continue.
Production expansion costs are even lower, with the use of easy liquid lithium hexafluoride, which is expected to produce 30,000 tons of lithium hexafluorate, equivalent to 10,000 tons of solid lithium hexafluorate, by the end of 2019, combined with an original solid capacity of 2,000 tons, for a total of 12,000 tons, for the auxiliary company 100,000 tons of electrolytic liquid capacity.
At the end of 2018, the domestic capacity of lithium hexachlorophosphate could reach 4.04 million tons, with a planned expansion capacity of 27.1 million tons, with short-term capacity of lithium hexafluorate being seriously overstretched, with the input of lithium hexafluorate being significantly larger than the electrolyte, based on an investment of 214 million tons in fixed-line assets of 2,000 tons of solid-yielding materials, at an old rate of about 5.2 per cent of the current sales price, with an increase in depreciation of 10 per cent if the actual production was only half the capacity.
Motivated, but now falling near the cost line, short-term observation that lithium hexafluoride will remain low-profile, and that further upward expansion of hydrofluoric acid and sulphuric acid, one of the important ingredients for the production of lithium hexafluoride, will be required until early high-depreciation lag capacity. The company also has a layout for hydrofluoric acid.
In January 2018, the company announced that it would launch an expansion of 50,000 tons of hydrogen fluorine per year and 25,000 tons of electronic-grade hydrofluoric acid per year. The company currently has a capacity of 25,000 tons of hydrofluoric acid, and the construction of a new 25,000 tons is expected to take place in the third quarter of 2019.
The supply of raw materials for lithium hexafluoride, the realization of the scale effect of the product, the impact of price fluctuations for hydrofluoric acid on the price of lithium hexafluorate, and, on the other hand, the effective recovery of hydrofluoric acid from the by-product of lithium hexafluorate devices, as well as the increased use value of the by-product sulfuric acid and the reduction of production, have clear recycling benefits and are conducive to achieving complementarities of the company ' s resources in the integrated recycling of the lithium battery material chain.
On 11 January 2018, the Division agreed to the use of a self-financing project of about $190 million and invested in the construction of a 300,000-ton sulphur-acid acid project. By implementing this project, on the one hand, the gas produced by the Xijiang Tianjiang installation could be consumed and the cost of treating the tail gas, which requires environmentally friendly treatment, reduced;
At the same time, the residual heat recovery system built with the sulfur acid project, whose by-product vapour can simultaneously produce electricity output, meet the company’s demand for steam use and electricity for production, which has a significant circular emission reduction effect. On the other hand, the company’s future demand for sulphuric acid, such as lithium hexafluoride, iron phosphate, nickel sulfate, etc., can be better met, and the company’s production of lithium ion battery materials can be supported by sufficient raw materials.
3.3 Lithium phosphate, nickel sulphate, and lithium carbonate in the field of power cells, given the relative lack of safety and the relatively high cost of cobalt material, in spite of the dominance of tripolar material in energy density, phosphate lithium is characterized by its safety and cost decline in space, which makes it necessary for tripolar material to rapidly replace phosphate lithium positive.
In the area of storage energy and passenger vehicles, battery energy density is low, safety and cost are more important, and lithium phosphate batteries have significant applications. In 2016, the company replenished Jiang Si Ed twice, again in 2018, and now holds 70% of Jiang Si Eide’s shares.
The key technology for the production of lithium phosphate and its front-loading is the Zhejiang Meeth, a subsidiary that has been involved in the development of lithium phosphate since 2010, Zhejiang Ed, a subsidiary that has been involved in lithium phosphate and trinity materials, the investment framework agreement with the city government of Taizhou, January 2018, the public paper will invest in the construction of 25,000 tons of phosphate per year of lithium phosphate positive materials project and, under the framework agreement, the construction of a new 25,000 tons of lithium electric trinity per year.
In April 2018, the first phase of the project, which is expected to produce 50,000 tons of nickel sulphate per year. Nickel sulphate is one of the raw materials used to drive trio batteries. The company has already completed 30,000 tons of battery-grade phosphate iron materials per year and is currently in the test phase and has been sold to Biadi, the Kuondu and Catl.
Pre-hydrate lithium-drive material, estimated to be 4,000-5,000 tons this year. 30,000 tons of phosphate-grade lithium production is in the process of being tested, and further efforts will be made in the future to open up the market for phosphate-hydrate-grade iron (left) without aqueous phosphate at the company battery level.
Lithium mines and lithium carbonate are at the front end of the chain of electrolyte industries and are important raw materials in the upper stages of the chain. In February 2018, the Kojiang mining industry signed a procurement contract with China and Steel Australia Ltd. for lithium oxidation/tantalum origin mines (screte). Of these, 1.5 million tons of the original mines were locked in prices, followed by 900,000 tons of floating prices, which guaranteed the lithium mine source.
In January 2018, Xijiang Tianjiang donated 30 per cent of the capital to Xijiang. The company has 0.8 million tons of lithium carbonate and 0.8 million tons of lithium hydroxide, and the capacity to produce lithium will be released. In April 2018, the subsidiary Xijiang Tianjing invested in the construction of a 5 million tons of lithium quarries per year project (phase I), with a total investment of approximately $282 million in one phase and a capacity of 2 million tons per year, construction is expected to be completed in the third quarter, pilot production is expected in the fourth quarter.
In July 2018, the company, which is responsible for the development, processing, production, and marketing of lithium carbonate, phosphate and lithium phosphate products, currently has a capacity of 20,000 tonnes/year of lithium carbonate, while at the same time it is building 30,000 tonnes/year of lithium carbonate production capacity. The company has a complete investment layout around lithium carbonate mining sources, mineral selection, processing, etc., which forms the lithium resource closed ring system and further expands the company’s value chain.
3.4 The development of new lithium salt to take advantage of future upfront tons/year and the expansion of 2,000 tons is under way on the original production line. The 150-ton/year Lipf2 project was completed in October 2017 and the 150-ton/year litdi project is expected to be completed by December 2018.
According to the National Road Map for Energy Conservation and New Energy Automobile Technology, the energy density target for our pure electric car-powered cells is 350wh/kg in 2020, 400wh/kg in 2025, and 500wh/kg in 2030. The increase in battery energy density is an inevitable trend, which also increases the demand for electrolytic fluids.
Diagram 33. The new lithium salt lifsi compares the advantages and disadvantages of lithium hexafluoride to the traditional lithium salt Lipf. Life is shorter at high energy density due to its decomposition at high temperature and water sensitivity. The new lithium salt (e.g. lifsi) has a higher conductivity and has a better thermal stability, a better thermal decomposition temperature of 200°C and a wider work temperature range with a sei composition.
The membrane capacity, combined energy, is superior to the traditional lithium hexafluoride. Adding as an additive or main soluble to the electrolyte would reduce the generation of hydrogen fluorine in the electrolyte, reduce the slow and continuous decomposition of lithium hexafluoride and increase the chemical stability of the electrolyte; and increase the transmission rate of the electrolyte, increase battery circulation, and effectively increase the low-temperature discharge performance of the battery and the capacity retention rate after the high temperature while curbing inflation.
The development of high-energy-density high nickel 811 is an industry consensus, but with a high delineation depth, high water insulation and low stability, the catalytic effects of nickel in high-temperature conditions can accelerate the decomposition of the electrolytic fluids, oxidation, gas production, destruction of the sei membrane, and demand of the electrolyte.
Together with the use of new lithium salts and special additives, new electrolytes could be improved, battery safety could be improved, and the gradual diffusion of high nickel would be around $10,000 per ton, and it would be necessary to industrialize as soon as possible to reduce sales prices. The high-end electrolyte is now even twice as expensive as the low-end electrolyte, owing to the use of multiple additives and the future demand for high nickel batteries downstream.
At the same time, the price of the new lithium salt will increase and demand will increase, leading to an overall increase in the cost of the lithium salt, a possible re-emergence of electrolysis similar to the price increase between 2015 and 2016, a possible supply-deficiency situation for the new lithium salt, and a 3.5-percent connection to the entire industrial chain in the configuration of the new lithium salt, which will enhance long-term competitiveness.
From the point of view of electrolytic fluids, the company expands the production capacity of the electrolyte, increases its market share, develops the production of new lithium salt, and expands up and down to industry, investing in projects to produce lithium hexafluorate, hydrofluoric acid, lithium carbonate, and lithium phosphate.
On the one hand, companies expand to upstream raw materials, especially essential raw materials such as lithium hexafluoride and lithium carbonate, to stabilize the supply of raw materials through home-grown core raw materials, to withstand the negative effects of price movements of critical materials and to gain significant low-cost advantages. Some of the products generated by the process (e.g. sulphuric acid) are also raw materials, and further drops.
Low production costs. On the other hand, companies extend down the value chain, opening up the positive material market, and, with sustained innovation to improve production processes, equipment and technology, building up a well-established industrial chain system, enriching companies’ product lines, recycling materials and raw materials, enabling companies to produce at a lower cost, with clear economic benefits.
The company’s placement on the industrial chain, which is a key link in the production process, and the ability to break through the industry chain directly contribute to the company’s advantage in the cost of electrolyte. Corporate Maori has long been a leader in the industry, and New Zeus has taken the initiative in the first half of this year to reduce low-morigin prices by reducing low-morigin orders, increasing the high-priced, high-value overseas and consumer-type electrolyte orders, raising the Māori rate to 4.16 percent above the company’s Māori ratio.
The current price of lithium hexafluoride is $10-110,000 per ton, which, if produced, would reduce the cost by about $1,800. With further penetration of carbonate, lithium, sulphuric acid, hydrofluoric acid, the current price could drop by about $800.
Right, breaking through the whole chain would reduce the cost by 10% and have a greater competitive advantage. And, as the raw materials are still low today, electrolyte and market prices are low, and if prices rebound, with the company’s full industrial layout and larger market share, the company’s revenues and profits are expected to increase considerably and become more resilient.
Focusing on new opportunities in cosmetics, creating new solar energy, increasing the cost of raw materials and decreasing short-term Māori rates for 4.1 days. Solar materials and special chemicals are another major business of the company, accounting for about 30% of the revenue.
Products such as silicon oils, ion modifiers, personal care products for downstream customers, furniture cleaners, clothing cleaners, etc. Special chemical applications are mainly in the industrial field, in various fields such as paper making, construction, pesticides, oil fields, and dyes.
Figure 37. Cost of solarized material product lines. Cost of solarized operations is concentrated in upstream raw materials, heavily influenced by upstream raw material prices, and relatively weak bargaining power downstream. Most of the upstream raw materials of public cleaning and cosmetics are related to vegetable oils, such as palm oil, so raw material prices are based on palm oil prices, palm oil.
Prices show a clear negative correlation with the company ' s Māori ratio, with a slight time lag in the reverse trend for inventory reasons. From 2016 to 2017, prices of upstream raw materials rose, prices of products changed little due to the use of long-term agreements for solarization, Māori for companies ' daily operations fell more sharply from 2016 Palm oil prices, while companies and downstream customers negotiated a shorter pricing cycle, with a expected Māori rate for the second half of the year.
The market for personal daily products has been growing steadily and rapidly in recent years. On the one hand, as urbanization has deepened and per capita income has grown, the consumer population of personal daily products has gradually expanded and the price of goods has risen. On the other hand, there have also been a growing number of online sales, both of which are mutually reinforcing.
Networking itself brings with it the growth of fission in the number of customers, the resonance of the Internet with offline distribution channels, the growing ability of cosmetics firms to market them more and more precisely, and the fact that transnational solarized firms have a major share of the market, but Chinese indigenous brands also occupy a niche in segmented markets such as facials, washing, etc. The overall solar market continues to flourish.
Figure 39. Collection of solar materials (millions of yuan) Figure 40. Māori rate of solar materials (%)
Based on this judgement, the company’s solar material business optimizes its product strategy by increasing the use of cosmetic formulation services, mainly for high-market but weak basic research and development of Internet and emerging cosmetic brands, while maintaining a leading position in the country’s basic materials, consolidating old customers such as the treasures, Unilever, L’Olya, Blue Moon, etc.
Formulas with special features, such as wetkeeping, white and white, conservation, etc., can be used by clients to save basic materials and research and development, and to select mature formulas directly or with minor modifications, depending on their own positioning and marketing strategies, can be marketed and product preparation cycles reduced significantly. Companies can also leapfrog from a single raw material supply to an integrated one, with increased value added, price and Māori rates.
Tons, lithium electrolysis fluids at an average cost of 3.5/3.4/33,000 yuan per ton, yielding 1.6/2.2/30 million tons, and other assumptions, as shown in the table above, that the development of solid materials and lithium carbonate has not progressed as expected; that there is a risk of changes in the national policy on new energy vehicles; and that there is increased competition in the market for power lithium electricity, electrolysis. Address: Guangzhou International Finance Centre, 5 Jooxi Road, Guangzhou City, Guangzhou