Volatile price decline affects short-term performance, yield ring improvement or boost performance stability Events: 30 October 2024, Triannual Report 2024, Three Pre-Ten Seasons 2024, epoxy (60169.sh)
The company achieved business income of $26,649 million, a 19.28 per cent decline in the same year, a net return to the mother, higher energy, lower joint principals in the steel industry, and a continued improvement in the sales of coal rings.
The original coal production was 42.47 million tons, a decrease of 2.15 million tons (4.82 per cent) in the same year; of this, the original coal production for the third quarter was 14.8 million tons, a decrease of 280,000 tons (1.86 per cent) in the same quarter, and the ring grew by 370,000 2.34 million tons (-5.79 per cent); of this, the volume of merchandise sales for the third quarter was 1.52 million tons, an increase of the same year.
40.000 tonnes (+3.05%) of Research Assistants in the Coal, Steel and Steel Industry, with a ring increase of 780,000 tonnes (+6.12%).
In the first three quarters of 2024, the cost of coal in the division was $376 per ton, an increase of $33 per ton (9.55 per cent) over the same period last year. Overall, the price of coal in the company, its output, has declined the same year, adding up production. In the context of the decline, the cost of coal in the ton has risen, and the company's coal business performance has declined, from 3 to 3 years before 2024.
The company’s strategic expansion of resources to supplement the existing mine is short-lived. The company insists on developing.
To accelerate the expansion of resources, project construction, technological adaptation, merger restructuring, industrial extension, product upgrading, promoting the growth of the coal-fired industry, industrial upgrading, product structure optimization, and overall development.
It should be noted that, as of mid-2024, the company had a total of four mines under construction, namely, the securitization industry, the saloon industry, the post-barrel industry and the sarcophagus industry.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd., August August, when the company announced that it would finally take 12.26 billion yuan to get a horse block in the county of San Francisco.
In Beijing, the city’s west-city district is known as the Golden Tower No. 127 A. Wumenxi Street, where coal can be used for prospecting and coal resources amounting to 81,575,000 tons, and the transaction is still to be signed with the Ministry of Natural Resources of Shanxi.
Net cash – a high share of the value of corporate investment. In 2023, companies responded positively to the country’s “introduction.”
\triangleright's policy orientation to raise the quality of listed companies and the value of investments has been a positive response to the Shanghai Stock Exchange's call for “high-yielding returns” and to the legitimate demands of a wide range of investors for cash dividends.
The net profit ratio of the company's cash share of the consolidated statement, attributed to the general shareholder of the listed company, is a profit forecast and investment rating: we believe that the enun ring can be used as a leader in the domestic blow-up industry, coal \triangleright
High cash coverage of carbon assets and interest-bearing debt, combined with output-in-energy spillover growth and high dividends, Hwang Ming, Ph.D., registered consulting (investment) engineer, Deputy General Manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, Member of the China Geology and Minerals Economics Society, Member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's Expert Pool, Member of the China Price Association's Coal Price Select Committee, formerly a coal worker in China
The Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of industry associations (chaired by the Director-General) has been involved in research and consultancy in coal and energy-related fields for more than a decade. He has chaired the 13th Five-Year National Project for Coal Survey and Development, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultations. In June 2016, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal sector.
Li Chunzi, cfa, cpa, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, Bachelor of Finance, Nanjing University, formerly Coal Economics and Finance Research Institute, and Doctor of Mining, Senior Engineer, Chinese University of Mines (Beijing), former Minister of Investment and Investment in Secondary Sub-enterprises of the China Coal Industry Group, who worked for many years in coal mining production, technology management of coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations, 2022
Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Central and Professional Committee of the China Society of Environmental Sciences on carbon peaks. He was an expert, assistant to the Director of the China Institute for Research and Technology on the petrochemical economy and led research on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China Energy Outlook 2060.
In March 2023, he joined the Sino-Cultural Research and Development Centre, carried out research in the area of large energy sources and was responsible for research in the petrochemical sector.
Qin Ho, Master of Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States of America, Bachelor of Arts in Electrical Engineering and its Automation, Tianjin University, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity marketing reform, applied research in virtual power plants, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the electricity sector.
Xianxin, Master of Finance, Australian National University, and Bachelor of Finance, Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the coal and electricity sectors. Oh Bo-jin, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the public sector.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, Southwest. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical industry. Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022.
Lee Young, cpa, Master of Accounting, Esen University of Economics and Management, Germany, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in September 2022 for research on coal and coal mineral intelligence, Li Dung, Master of Architecture, University of Southern California, January 2023 for research on coal.
Tang Jiayu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2023 for research in the natural gas and electricity sectors. Liu Po, Management Studies, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 for research in coal and steel.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.