KATHA (601211): Large agencies, Great April 13, 2023.
The company is a long-term, sustained and full-scale financial service provider for the Chinese securities industry.
The entire development of this market and its multiple cycles have always been customer-centred, deep-deep in the Chinese market, providing a variety of financial services to individuals and institutions, and establishing a full range of lines of work.
In 2022, strong capital-market volatility pushed companies to perform, but the business was unique, and the industry was leading. In the course of years of innovation, King-Ann has evolved into a business based on excellence.
This is more positive than positive growth. Under the continuing influence of the domestic epidemic and rapid interest hikes by major central banks, such as the United States and Europe, culture became the leader of China’s capital markets as a whole, with an overall low performance of domestic capital markets in 2022, with a greater negative impact on the operations of the securities sector.
In terms of performance throughout the year, the high base generated by stock revaluations in Shanghai resulted in a significant decline in investment returns over the reporting period, as well as in the reporting period.
In addition, under the net revenue from brokering, the investment business became the best spot and, with the rapid advance of the full registration system, the investment business showed stronger non-cyclical attributes, with a net income of $4.311 billion, an increase of 6.1 per cent compared with the long-term deep-drawing triangles.
Moreover, the recovery of $465 million in credit-depreciation losses is also positive for current profits.
Companies continue to accelerate their investment in corporate operations, derivatives operations, in an effort to smooth off market volatility and reduce the risk of a continuous decline in processing rates. Corporate operations have been a dominant business and a long-term strategic development force for companies.
The total number of users of the platform has reached 634,000, covering 8045 institutional and corporate clients, representing 23.8 per cent and 16.1 per cent, respectively, more than at the end of the previous year, and becoming a “fundamental basis” for the stable operation of corporate outreach institutions. In 2022, the base volume of institutional customer stock transactions was 9,72 trillion, an increase of 10.8 per cent, compared with the end of the year, with the pb trading system clients.
At the same time, derivatives, as an important vehicle of innovation for bond dealers, have become a key complement to the peace-restricting volatility of investment-type operations. First, the firm’s focus on expanding its operations in recent years has continued to grow in scale.
The exchange was made up of $179 million in nominal principal, $17,845 million in credit derivatives, and the Huaanan Fund was added to the list of companies pre-empting the Fund’s business development. After the acquisition of the assets of the Huaanan Fund was completed, the shareholding rate increased to 51%, making it a holding position for the former.
In the context of the transformation of wealth management, the embrace of the Fund’s development era, the company regains its shareholding in the HAF and hopes to achieve a strong alliance with the HWF to speed up the development of wealth management operations, with a much higher return on equity investment. The HWF, as one of the 10 old CPFs, has a rich fund.
s14805521070005 Management experience and a large pool of fund investors, which is expected to provide companies with useful fund management experience and high-quality equable clientele, are effective ways to channel low-cost flows across the company's business chain, helping companies
Breaks have been made in areas such as the marketing of financial products, fund investments, securities management, and real upgrading of wealth management operations from “money from the source of financial growth in the East to money from management” from “trading commission to income investment”.
In the current environment of booming bond-funds, etc., and segmented operations, the public fund-raising industry is expected to accelerate further. Companies, as industry leaders, have long given the market the impression that they are “better and less ambitious.”
Companies have been rated at aaa level for 15 years, and the industry has been left to the right; but the lack of flashlights has also made the company more like a defensive shield, and there are differences in the perception of the securities industry's spears in the market, which has led to long-term valuation pressures. Since 2020, companies have been pushing for change at the operational level.
In parallel with wealth management, asset management, and “double punching” in asset management, innovative business such as derivatives has been stymied by corporate resources, and business structures have been optimized. Moreover, the Consort Fund is expected to open new entry points to corporate performance.
The Great Wealth Management business accelerates the development process and promotes both city occupancy and performance.
Eung-heung Securities In-depth Report: Big institutions, big capital businesses, speed up their deployment, and they're looking forward to a deep jump.
Liu Jiayan, Bachelor of Arts, Wuhan University, Nankai University, “Mathematics + Finance” complex background. Four years of banking experience, seven years of non-banking financial research, two years of banking research. First place in the 13th new wealth non-banking finance industry in 2015 and 14th new wealth non-banking finance bank in 2016
Industry's fourth team member; first in the silver and crystal ball finance industry for the ninth time in 2015; tenth in the crystal ball and silver finance industry, first in economics, 2016; and in East Hing securities in 2019. The researcher's own opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.