I've got a good record of future growth, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
:: Events: company mid-2018 reported operating income of $6,997 million, an increase of 48.42 per cent over the reporting period; net return to mothers of $1.680 billion, an increase of 207.98 per cent over the same period; operating activities generated without tax prices of $470-670 per ton, maintaining relative high overall, pre-declining prices of benzene) and market supplies
Relational effects, urea, isocranol, acetic acid (in addition, export volumes of acetic acid in the first half of the year increased by 125% on a year-on-year basis)
The income from abdominal acids and intermediates, acetic acids and derivatives and polyols increased by 216 million yuan, 160 million yuan, 87 million yuan, 540 million yuan, and 174 million yuan, respectively.
In the third quarter, the 500,000-ton ethanol project is expected to enter the test stage. The country’s demand for ethanol is heavily dependent on imports.
The company has a capacity of 50,000 tons of ethanol, and is now in the advanced stages of construction of the 500,000 tons ethanol project, with three-quarters hope to enter the pilot phase. The company relies on the existing coal-chemical platform, with a clear cost advantage, with a total postnatal output of up to 3,500 tons and a full cost that can be effectively controlled at $5,000. We expect future oil prices to be in place.
Given the economic upturn in the price of coal-based ethanol and the increase in the price of boosted ethanol, ethanol will in the future increase the company’s performance. New material projects will be selected for the new and old energy conversion project in Shandong, laying the foundation for future growth.
Promotion of new and old kinetic energy conversion projects, with 1.5 million tons of green chemicals in the first list of preferred projects: a significant increase in the performance of the quarterly reports, and a list of new materials projects (ethiolycol, endodipic acid, amino resin, ammonium and nylon, etc.).
The project coincides with the company’s current industrial chain, which can be followed by a further extension of the existing industry chain to expand its own advantages of scale.
ethanol opens up the space for future growth by increasing investment ratings, taking into account the growth and current valuation levels of the company ' s new materials project (2017-10-31)
Assumption 1: Assuming that the company ' s product prices for 2018-2020 are non-tax averages, the fertilizer prices are 1650 yuan/tons, the organic ammonium prices are 6,000 yuan/tons, the adipic acid prices are 10,000 yuan/tons, the acetic acid prices are 4700 yuan/tons and the polyols prices are 6900 yuan, assuming that there will be no subsequent significant fluctuations in the price of isogramol.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.