Quarterly performance is at an all-time high and the world's heavy.
The company published its semi-annual report, which recorded an increase in operating income of $7 billion, or 48 per cent over the same period, and a net return profit of $1.68 billion, or 208 per cent over the same period.
The company reported a record high in six months, with a significant increase in net profit on a year-on-year basis mainly due to significant increases in income and Maori rates (higher product prices compared to a small drop in the end price of raw materials), with a breakdown of acetic acid, polyols, and fats reaching $5,500 per ton, the highest since 2011.
The prices of acetic acids and methanol have recovered steadily, and the profitability of the company has remained stable The current capacity of the company: 1.7 million tons of methanol, 2 million tons of urea, 500,000 tons of acetic acid, 250,000 tons of dmf, 160,000 tons of adipic acid.
Back up, as a proportion of domestic methanol and acetic acid devices are based on natural gas, the gas prices have increased or become scarce, and the coal-headed methanol acetic acid in Wallau has benefited from it. Other products: dmf5600/t, adipic acid 9,600/t. According to our calculations, the company is the main company.
RMB/tonne, which is still very profitable.3 Coal ethanol is expected to be in production by the end of the third quarter, and the global re-entry into high oil prices is expected to benefit from a long cycle.500 million tons of ethanol is expected to be in production by the end of the third quarter, owing to our import dependence on ethanol.
Nearly 60%, in the current context of higher oil prices and lower RMB-to-dollar exchange rates, the company's coal-based ethanol project has significant advantages and future profit margins. In the context of a global return to high oil prices, the cost advantages of corporate coalification have been highlighted, and many products are expected to benefit more fully in the future.
The significant cost advantages in the chemical sector were protected by the river, while the company's park was selected for the second tranche of the list of chemical parks in Shandong, and 1.5 million tons of new materials were selected for the new and old kinetic energy conversion project. The Institute's sales team is expected to be selected.
Xu Jialine, author of the report, who has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.