The company released its mid-year 2018 report on 9 August, which generated annual growth of $6,997 million in business earnings during the first half of the year.
48.42 per cent of the net return to the mother, 1.68 billion yuan, an increase of 207.98 per cent, and eps $1.037 per year.The growth in the performance of the company benefited from a rise in the price of a wide range of products.
The first half of the company’s Māori sales rate was 33.13%, a significant increase of 14 percentage points over the same period last year, while the volume of major products sold by the company did not change much from the same period last year, but the unit price of products sold rose significantly. According to our data, the average price of mainstream urea in Shandong was 1995 ton in the second quarter, compared to the same period last year, 1579 ton.
An increase of 26 per cent in the average dollar/ton price, and an average of 547 yuan/ton in urea in the second quarter, representing a significant increase of 320 per cent over the same period last year, as well as the company ' s new production of 1 million tons of high-efficiency, low-energy and advanced urea devices in the second quarter, further contributing to a significant increase in company performance in the second quarter.
Compared to the trend of depth 300, the average price of adipic acid in the East China region was $114,553 per ton in the first half of the year, an increase of 10 per cent in the same year, and the average price difference in the first half of the year was $4967 per ton, an increase of 57 per cent over the same period last year; the average price of octanol in the first half of the year was $8405 per ton, a change in the same price.
Large increases have also benefited from the above-mentioned increases in the prices of the products, which have risen significantly, with the company’s most significant growth point, and our data show that the average price of acetic acid in the country’s East China region in the second quarter was $4903 per ton, a year-on-year increase.
The company’s performance in the second quarter has largely benefited from a significant increase in the price of acetic acid. Domestic production of acetic acid increased by 3.5 million tons in the first half of the year, by 5 per cent in the same year, and exports of 340,000 tons, by 174 per cent in the same year, with exports of about 10.6 per cent in May.
Tens of thousands of tons, a new one-month export high in five years, and with the gradual resumption in June and July of offshore acetic acid devices, as well as the resumption in the previous period of a large number of domestic repair units, the domestic supply of acetic acid was greater than demand, leading to a fall in the price of acetic acid, with the arrival of a strong downstream consumption season in September and October, and a two-week suspension in August from the Serranis facility.
The price of acetic acid will re-enter the upper route, and the company’s performance will continue to benefit in the second half of the year.
The company ' s 50,000-ton ethanol device is working well and is widely used in polyester longlines, and based on the company ' s advanced synthetic gas process, the company ' s ethanol product has a strong cost-competitive advantage in the domestic market. In addition, the company ' s investment of $2.6 billion in a 500,000-ton coal ethanol project is expected to be tested in the third quarter of 2018, based on the country ' s current state of affairs.
About 60% of the ethanol still needs to be imported, as well as the relatively rapid growth in downstream polyester production, and we are very impressed by the project ' s development prospects. Domestic ethanol prices have risen significantly since 2018, reaching an average price of $7,754 per tonne in the first half of the year, a 10% increase in the same year, based on the cost advantage of coal-based ethanol versus ethylene.
In view of the future development of coal-based ethanol, the company is expected to continue to increase its investment in the ethanol project.
2. The risk of a sharp fall in the prices of domestic companies ' products as a result of the announcement of force majeure by the United States Dow Device and the publication of two papers by the first author in the internationally renowned Sci journal by the Director of the Chemical Industry of the Pacific Securities Institute.
Lily Cao, Bachelor of Science in Applied Chemistry, Nakayama University, Master of Engineering Management, Duke University, joined the Civil Securitization Chemical Team in September 2017. Xue, Master of Chemistry, Qinghua University, joined the Civilization Chemical Team in May 2018.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,