Increased Acetic Acetic Acetic Acid, with a significant increase in performance in the second quarter - Report of the Jualu Heungl (60426) and a significant increase in performance in the second quarter, mainly due to higher Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acid
According to our data, the average price of acetic acid in the country’s East China region in the second quarter amounted to $4903 per ton, an increase of $139 per ton over the previous quarter, and the company’s ability to produce acetic acid and derivatives amounted to 600,000 tons per year, so the company’s performance in the second quarter grew significantly, mainly as a result of a significant increase in the price of acetic acid. The cumulative domestic export of acetic acid in the first quarter of this year.
127,000 tons, an increase of 158 per cent over the same period, and an average export price of approximately $558 per ton per quarter, an increase of about 53 per cent over the same period last year. The resumption and commissioning of more pta devices in the country at the end of 2017, as well as the rise in the overall start-up rate in the pta sector, have driven domestic demand for acetic acid, which has remained at 8.65 million tons since 2015.
And the new cycle of acetic acid production is expected to start in 2020, and we see that the acetic acid industry has started a long-term climate cycle, and that higher prices for a variety of products, such as urea, adipic acid and butoccalol, have further contributed to the growth in performance, with an increase of 26 per cent in the average dollar/ton price and an average of $547/ton in urea in the second quarter, a significant increase over the same period last year.
320% of the company ' s second-quarter production of 1 million tonnes of high-efficiency synthetic, low-energy, advanced urea devices further contributed to a significant increase in company performance in the second-quarter period. The first half of the year saw an average of 11,453 yuan per ton per adipic acid, an increase of 10% in the same year, and the first half of the year ' s urea-pure benzene.
The average price difference was 4967 yuan per ton, a 57% increase over the same period last year: the average octanol price in the first half of the year was 8405 yuan per ton, a significant increase in comparison to the previous year, which also benefited from the increase in the price of the above-mentioned products and the increase in the price difference.
The company’s 50,000-ton ethanol project installation is working well, and the product quality has reached the polyester level and is widely applied in polyester longline enterprises, where the company’s ethanol project will have a more cost-competitive advantage in the domestic market based on its advanced synthetic gas process. In addition, the company’s investment of 2.6 billion yuan in a 500,000-ton coal ethanol project is expected to have a strong cost-competitive advantage.
In the second half of 2018, based on the fact that about 60% of the ethanol currently in the country still needs to be imported, and the faster growth in downstream polyester production, we appreciate the project’s development prospects. Domestic ethanol prices have risen significantly since 2018, reaching an average of $7,754 per ton in the first half of the year, a 10% increase in the same year, based on coal.
The cost advantage of the ethylene-based diol versus ethylene-based process is that we look forward to the future development of coal-based ethanol in the country.
The risk of a sharp fall in the prices of company products as a result of the rise in the price of stones, the re-innovation of the prices of pethylene and pa66.
Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements and the Director of the Chemical Industry at the Pacific Securities Institute, the first author, published two papers in the international leading academic sci journal: Cao Lilly, Bachelor of Applied Chemistry, Nakayama University, Master of Engineering Management, Duke University, joined the Civil Securitization Chemical Team in September 2017.
Xue Xue, Master of Chemistry, Qinghua University, joined the civil-life securitization industry team in May 2018. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and not being influenced by any third party.