The first half of the year was more than doubled, the second quarter was one season high, the company issued an 18-year performance forecast and realized a net profit attributable to the shareholders of the listed company in the first half of the year.
Quarterly net profit returns of 9.12~962 million yuan, yoy+294~315%, a single-season high since the market, have increased significantly, mainly as a result of increased production of ammonia platforms and higher product prices. New production capacity has continued throughout the year, with projects still operating in the second half of the year, combined with high price shocks for most of the company’s products, and is expected to continue.
The company’s performance is expected to continue to grow significantly over 18 years, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. The introduction of an ammonia platform and the rise in the prices of products drive the first half of the performance growth: in October 2017, the company announced a 1 million tonnes/year of ammonia production platform, successfully connecting the full-line process and entering the trial production phase.
According to the information received, the facility was fully operational in December, with an increase in the company ' s ammonia production capacity from 2.2 million tonnes/year to 3.2 million tonnes/year, with a 45.5 per cent increase in capacity and the release of new capacity, leading to an increase in production in the first half of the year. In terms of prices, the average value of the company ' s products increased in the first half of the year, as in the case of urea.
(46 per cent), dmf, adipic acid, acetic acid, methanol and octanol for the first half of the year, with an average price of 2020, 6179, increased scale effects, reduced plant energy consumption, higher prices for corporate products and high profitability, laying the foundation for performance growth.
The current high price of the product is expected to continue: the company's products are mainly classified into fertilizers and chemical products, of which the fertilizer is urea-based, the chemical products are mainly dmf, acetic acid, adipic acid and polyvine, which remain low, together with the cost of high coal prices, urea prices, etc.
For chemical products, dmf, adipic acid, acetic acid, methanol, and octanol are still the most recent, but still the same. International oil prices are moving up, domestic environmental safety issues are growing, companies are leading coal companies, technology leads, cost advantages are clear, flexible cogeneration is the option.
With highly profitable products and strong resistance to market risks, the company’s performance in the second half of the year is expected to continue to grow significantly. New projects come into operation, creating new opportunities for profit growth: the company released fertilizer in May this year.
In addition, the company plans to do so in September of this year.
The company’s previous 50,000-ton/year coal ethanol project is stable and fully produced, and product quality is recognized by downstream polyester detergent companies. The latest price of ethanol is $7130 per ton, an increase of 4.5% over the same period, and the company’s full cost is now about $5,000.
The import dependence of our ethanol is 60%, international ethanol is based on crude oil and ethylene technology, and international oil prices are moving upwards to support ethanol prices. With advanced gasification technologies, companies have a clear cost advantage for coal ethanol, and there is room for future growth in performance.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.