In January-June 2017, the company achieved business income.
In the first half of 2018, the company's main products were fertilizer, organochlorine, adipic acid and intermediates, vinegar.
The sales of acid and derivatives and polyols are 78.7 million tons, 16.7 million tons, 10.45 million and 808 million yuan, respectively.
The construction project was gradually put into operation, the industry high-profile + park was approved to provide an engine of growth The company is steadily recommending the construction of the project, which was partially put into operation in May 18th year The fertilizer functionalization project, which introduced 15mpa amino synthesis technology (replacing the traditional 22mpa device)
At the same time, the production of 500,000 tons of urea per year is in the pilot phase of production of ammonia and urea. At the same time, the production of 500,000 tons of coal ethanol per year is in the advanced stages of construction.
The coal industry continues to be characterized by a similar increase in the prices of a number of products, and is expected to rise again as the season approaches, particularly the acetic acid industry, which will be on the verge of overhaul in August, which will bring about an increase in the rate of start-up in downstream demand and a return to the pattern of supply and demand in the market.
In addition, moving into the Tandong Province Park catalogue will help the company form into an integrated park... while the 1.5 million tons of new green chemical materials project will gradually open up new growth, based on the continuation of high industry climates and the growing price differentials in the company's main product.
Increased prices of raw materials; less-than-expected fertilizer functional projects; less-than-expected new production of ethanol; safety incidents.
Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report. The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.