WalluHingl reported a performance rating: the Māori rate has significantly increased the lead in high-quality coal-chemicals in the future. The high growth in corporate performance during the reporting period on August 10, 2018 has largely benefited from the average sales price of company-owned products compared to the same period last year.
In addition to the company’s ability to control the technological advantage of gasification platforms, the company’s operating income grew much faster than the cost increase during the reporting period, and the cash flow generated by the company’s operations, which was affected by the large increase in profits, increased significantly.
The prices of urea have risen over the same period due to factors such as industry start-up rates and environmental protection. In addition, the company achieved 1678 million tons of organochlorine and earned 1,019 million; the sale of adipic acids and intermediates was 1,045 million tons and earned 10.000 billion; the sale of acetic acids and derivatives was 3,083 million tons and earned 1,277 million; and polyols.
• Companies have taken the initiative to take advantage of market conditions, actively adjust their production patterns and product structures, achieve production and marketing linkages, ensure high-quality and high-yielding products, and raise the overall Māori ratio of companies during the reporting period. The Māori ratio of companies has increased by 33.13 per cent, a significant increase from 19.12 per cent during the same period last year.
During the period, the company accelerated the construction of the project, with the partial commissioning of the fertilizer-functional project in May; the 500,000 tons/year ethanol project is in its advanced stages of construction and follow-up work is well under way, with the prospect of entering the test vehicle in three quarters (s0790516002)
With environmental, exchange rate, supply, etc., the company’s products acetic acid, methanol, and ethanol are expected to remain high in the future, and the company will be able to grow as 500,000 tons of new energy are put into production. Last year, the company put in place 1 million tons of ammonia production capacity, and the new gasification platform reached the postpartum company ammonia.
The ethanol production capacity is equivalent to 3.2 million tons, which will effectively reduce the cost of follow-up products and further enhance the profitability and overall competitiveness of companies, as well as lay the foundation for the production of 500,000 tons of ethanol in the second half of the year.
Urban Gate B, 5 floors of technology and industry platforms, with strong corporate cost control and management capabilities. In the future, with more new projects, Open Source Securities Inc.
The company’s core competitive advantage will be further strengthened, and the company’s future development will be appreciated. Maintaining the “buy-in” figure, figure 1 [600426] p/pb-band, who is either qualified for securities investment consultancy practice or reasonably qualified by the Chinese Securities Association to produce the report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, direct or indirect disclosure of company-related information as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
In the six-month period following the reporting date, the increase or decline in the benchmark index of securities against the market was defined as follows:
Underweight: Industry is weaker than overall market performance.