Investment rating: buy-in (first time) Price warfare judgement: objectively, regulatory stances are firm and do not allow for a fierce price war; and a ticket-for-money win is not allowed.
Ben, you can’t beat a fierce price war; subjectively, aggressive price strategies are not the best option for a higher share, and leading firms are reluctant to wage a fierce price war.
With the low-priced power provider’s mini-materialization thrust, the industry’s growth rate will be reduced to, but higher than, the Internet’s physical goods – the three main core competencies for circularization – and long-term competitiveness is expected to continue to increase.
Investment capacity: The layout is early and relatively even, and the power is rapidly up the steps when the machine and equipment are short-boarded. Pricing capacity: The result dimension is that, since 2019, it has been fully enhanced to achieve even-over-the-board compliance.
The new volume/distribution centre in 2021 was invested in 1 (highest industry): “carrying”, after 2019, the single-ticket cost fell to 0.52 of 2022h1 (trace headlines), the number of bicycles kept growing faster, the network of federators stabilized and, on the basis of good operations, the single-ticket fee was set at $1.16 (2022h1)
The share of income from single-barrel fees is the lowest (50.4%) compared to 2.6pp). Operating capacity: Client managers initiate functional innovations such as worksheets and subsidies, which actually enhance client experience and precision marketing capabilities, with the advantage of not implementing system R & D.
• Investment proposals: Rewinding has taken into account “price” risks, focusing on investment opportunities at a divisive stage; price wars have worsened; oil prices and labour costs have risen; consumption has recovered less than expected; and regulatory policy changes have been introduced.
In the first place, neither objective environment nor subjective will trigger a fierce price battle. In the end, heated price competition leads to his younger brother, and the regulatory stance is firm enough to prevent excessive price competition; by the third quarter of 2022, the net profit on single votes was 0.02-0.27 dollars and the cost end-scale effects were reduced.
At a lower level, firms cannot afford a sharp price war if they are unable to achieve rapid downscaling through scale; in terms of share versus price, price wars are not the best option to obtain a share. We believe that a leadership focus on core capacity upgrading, and a short-term flexible price-fixing based on the production cycle, are better strategies, leading firms are reluctant to launch a strong price war.
In terms of volume as a percentage of total volume in March of the calendar year, and trends in volume growth over the past 10 years in the industry, the rate of volume increase in 2023 is measured separately as the increase in retail sales of real goods on the Internet, but in the foreseeable years, low-cost power suppliers are responsible for the increase.
In the medium and long term, the volume will remain at about 10%. Once again, the core capability of circularity has been raised, and the combined effect of the three major nuclear energy efforts has improved year by year.
The research framework for couriers is summarized as “131, i.e. one key variable (volume size), three main core competencies (investment capacity, pricing capacity and operating capacity) and one target result (better cost management). Key variables place different demands on capacity at different stages, and investment capacity is a prerequisite for the three core competencies, which are price-based.
By contrast, we believe that the three core competencies of the round have been fully enhanced. Specifically, the three core competencies of the round have been improved.
An earlier and relatively even investment layout would have a better effect by filling a short plate with insufficient input of early machinery and equipment. Pricing capacity would have been increased across the “turn”, “ship” and “pit” lines to achieve quick-tracking and even counter-execution performance, with a “turn” link, with the central single ticket cost of 2022h1 being reduced to 0.32 yuan per ticket (industry) in terms of the outcome dimension.
At a minimum, the new volume/distribution centre was invested in 1 (highest industry) in 2021; the “cargo” link, where the cost of single ticket transportation fell from 0.69 to 0.52 (trace headlines) of 2022h1 after 2019, while the number of individual cars remained growing faster (28 per cent, 20 per cent and 14 per cent, respectively, between 2020 and 2022h1)
The network of allies is stable and operating well, with the lowest share of single fare fees (50.4% below 2.6pp) and single fare fees (50.4% compared to the second).
Experience and firm-specific marketing capabilities. We stress that the most central strategy of courier logistics enterprises is to upgrade resources, chassis and operational capabilities, and to judge the advantages of digitalization, the evaluation criteria of science and technology enterprises (e.g. R & D, contribution of R & D, R & D products or services) should not be used, but should be at the operational implementation level, systematic R & D and
Without barriers, good operational enforcement is the only barrier, and circularization has already gained an initial pre-emptive advantage. Finally, circular valuations are at historically low levels, and the current pricing factoring into “price wars” may increase risk.
The risk of a sharp rekindling of prices is low, demand recovery is highly determinative, and neither the objective environment nor subjective intent supports malignant price wars.
It is lower (basically between 10 and 30 cents), it is less marginal to add one-show dropbacks driven by a build-up, and it is objectively “unable” to the vicious price battles of the electric couriers. By subject matter, the electric-sellers have the vanguard, which can be improved by fine management and services, with a modest and flexible pricing approach based on a profit-neutral approach.
In the first quarter of 2019, the industry experienced a fierce price war.
The industry has experienced a fierce price war, a sharp decline in the revenues of the electrician Express, a rapid decline in the price of singles, a price competition that eventually leads to a sharp decline in the price of allieds and younger brothers, and a single-barrel fee.
Regulation does not allow for the continuation of a fierce price war, which can be judged by the firmness of the regulatory stance from the introduction of the relevant policy in April 2021 to its constant addition. Strong price competition has attracted the attention of the regulatory community after the emergence of allies and younger brothers.
Through control over the revenue and costs of couriers in some regions, it is clear that “lace operators must not provide express delivery services at lower prices than cost” until the end of the day is passed to the entire country. In the course of the policy’s ongoing roll-out, the price increase was set at 0.1 yuan at the end of September 2021.
On the one hand, a fierce price war is too “high” for a express delivery company, and the current unnet profit of 0.02-0.27 on a single ticket is too high to withstand the risk of a more than 30 cents price competition, that is, a firm cannot afford a fierce price war. On the other hand, the cost rule.
The dollar and the single cost of 0.0001 have fallen. Thus, the strategy of relying solely on the share of the price to expand the competitive advantage has now become unwieldy, i.e., the firm’s strong price battle has not helped to enhance the competitive advantage. 1.1.2 The fierce price battle is not the best option for the share, and the leader has taken the initiative to boost the competitive advantage.
On the one hand, using the example of the Middle East, it triggered peer-to-peer follow-up and achieved a less ambitious target of price grabs, such as a sharp drop in the prices of couriers in 2020.
The increase in China’s share (0.33 dollars less, 1.34 pp less) was less than in 2019 (0.19 dollars less), when multiple factors, such as the closure of the distribution centre and shortage of manpower, disrupted the delivery of the express delivery industry. As a result, the volume of express deliveries (2.1 per cent more than the same) and the rate of income increase (3.3 per cent) fell in 2022.
We believe that 2022 is a “disappeared year” for the express delivery industry. Looking forward to 2023, we believe that there is a strong certainty about the need for recovery. According to data from the National Postal Service and the Ministry of Transport, the cumulative volume of national Express traffic for January-February 2023 was about 16.92 billion, or about 8% more than in the previous year, with clear signs of recovery.
The size of the 2023 volume is calculated by dimension: in the last 10 years, March accounted for a maximum of 8.1 per cent of the year ' s volume; according to Ministry of Transport data, from 1 March to 4 March, the average number of workday items was 348 million; on weekends it fell to 2.1 per cent at the 2022 business surge rate.
In 2022, income growth fell to 2.3 per cent on the cliff, and, second, rising consumption on the line and a downward trend in couriers are expected to contribute to the medium- and long-term sustainability of industry operations.
On a continuous basis, therefore, the speed of delivery will be reduced but consistently higher than the rate of physical retailing on the Internet (2022, 2022, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 25, 25, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27
The core capability of the 2-circle is excellent, with the basic conditions for long-term, faster progress, and we sum up the research framework of the electrician Express enterprise as “131, a key variable, three nuclears.
More specifically, one key variable refers to volume size, three core competencies refer to “investment capacity”, pricing capacity and operational capacity, and one target result refers to better outcomes, and from output, the core competitiveness of the electric-service express delivery enterprise is better cost management.
The core competencies of the electrician couriers are “investment capacity”, pricing capacity, and operating capacity. The three main capabilities interact with each other. We believe that “investment capacity” is a prerequisite, that pricing capacity is a guidance system, that operating capacity is a guarantee of results, and that if there is a better degree of synergy between the three capabilities, it can be better.
It should be emphasized that changes in volume size are key variables that affect the ability of the three core competencies to match well or worse. When the volume size increases in a phased manner, the three core competencies are placed on a higher level, leading to a clear management cycle for the sender.
As firms perform relatively well, the reason for the conclusion is one by one. The market share and the size of net profit deductions have increased significantly, and core capacity-building has begun to yield results.2019 The natural outcome of the steady progress in building core capacity is expected to further boost the market.
Chart 17 runs to 2022, and the net profit has accelerated to $3.8 billion, with firms that perform better in terms of “investment capacity” becoming more competitive in the long term. The “investment capacity” of the Service refers mainly to the capacity to invest in land and to build distribution centres.
Point, the distribution centre, which is essential for the long-term competitiveness of the electrician couriers, and the ability to invest in the development of the distribution centre is a prerequisite for the functioning of the other core competencies. Specifically, the capacity space of the distribution centre determines the size and speed of the volume of operations, the distribution of the distribution centre and the size of the individual distribution centre.
The distribution center is made up of two components: land construction and machinery, which, in our view, has a strong pre-emptive advantage. Machine equipment has a clear back-to-back advantage.
(1) The pre-existing advantages of land construction are mainly reflected in four areas: (a) the land resources of the core cities are extremely scarce, while the number of plots meeting location and area requirements is decreasing and the difficulty of obtaining land is increasing from year to year; and (b) the construction costs of the later distribution centre buildings are rising, resulting in a larger number of units.
Depreciation of fixed assets, which continuously affects the cost control of the entire operating network;3 while the price of the land is affected by the location and economic week period, there has been a volatile upward trend in the prices of the contours of the large deep storage areas in the north since 2019, and beyond, geographical location affects the cost curve of the conglomerates by affecting the efficiency of the feeder line;4
Enabling allies, i.e., headquarters, can take on more fast package construction, use size advantages to reduce the cost of construction, and share the benefits of the downfall with the allies.
Chart 19 shows rising construction costs, increasing the depreciation pressure on fixed assets. Round house construction and land size and expansion have performed relatively well. From the point of view of size, the cumulative additional investment in housing buildings from 2016 to the first half of 2022 has reached $8.6 billion, second only to the middle.
As noted earlier, the three core competencies are equally important in terms of size, and in terms of the pace of acquisition or construction of buildings, the round performance is relatively good, mainly in terms of early start-up and more even distribution.
We believe that the early layout of housing construction and land tenure is one of the major reasons for the continuous improvement in the performance of the industry in recent years.
Chart 21 shows a relative lead point in the incremental layout of land use rights The value added of buildings (millions of dollars) (2) The back-to-back advantage of machinery and equipment, mainly in the form of later inputs of machinery and equipment, labour and others
In order to compare the impact of the drop-off, we split the cost of the trans-shipment centre into the following four categories: site depreciation, land amortization, depreciation of machinery and equipment, and manual and other, and calculated the cost of the trans-shipment centre, based on information such as the depreciation amortization method and the trans-shipment centre.
Lower values for labour costs, etc., in ticket transit centres (an artificially adjusted data with actual presence) According to our calculations, between 2016 and 2018, the input of rounded machinery and equipment fell far short of that of their peers, with a cumulative increase of only $900 million during the period, while the median and hymn amounts to $2.3 billion and $2.7 billion respectively, respectively.
Since 2019, when the equipment of the Circumpolar Elevator was placed, the cipher and other costs of the trans-shipment centre have been quickly levelled. The cipher and other costs of the cipher centre have been flattened. The ciphers, tectonics and hymns are 0.25, 0.26 and 0.26, respectively.
They're judged to be more late in the re-entry of the Trans-shipment Center. Chart 22 runs up to 2019 to boost the injection of machine equipment. Chart 23 runs out of machine equipment late, fast-tracking billing costs, etc.
Single ticket manual and other costs of the transit centre (dollars/votes) Single ticket manual and other costs of the 2022h1 transit centre 2.2 pricing capacity: after rounding 2019, the price-setting effect of the links has improved significantly
A better-pricing enterprise can have a more efficient and stable network of partners for resource use. The Service’s “pricing” refers to a Headquarters offer to an allied firm or a subsidy to an end-user, which is a transmission mechanism for three core competencies.
There is a risk of great waste and undercapacity. At the same time, the main spear of the association model is the division mechanism between headquarters and allieds, the ideal being that both headquarters and allieds will receive better business returns and thus establish long-term, stable and benign cooperation.
The objective is to ensure a reasonably efficient capacity utilization and a stable long-term alliance. The revenue from the express delivery business consists of a single fee, a transit fee, an assignment fee (excluding the transfer fee) and four other components.
The cost of the head office, usually on a web-wide basis, is priced uniformly; the transit revenue is derived from the fees paid by the conglomerates for services such as fast-ware flow and transportation provided by the headquarters, and the rates are very flexible and given by the department as a whole, taking into account the different lines, vehicle loads and fast-ware structures: contribution fee income, in essence.
It is the fee paid by the collectors for the dispatch services of the allieds, but normally the headquarters specifies the assignment rates based on the realities of the different sectors and the flow, and then pays them to the allieds. It is not difficult to see that the pricing capacity of the headquarters is centred on transit pricing and transit pricing.
(1) The transit fee is priced to increase the efficiency of the distribution of central production and the efficiency of main lines of transport. From the point of view of the fast-receipt, trans-shipment, transport, and dispatch, the transit charge is mainly related to the transfer and transport of two links, i.e., distribution centres, sorting and main lines of transport. In the long run, we believe that the cost of single ticket sorting and the volume of new items is proportional to the additional inputs.
(i.e. volume increase due to additional inputs from the distribution centre) measures the price effect of the “transmission” link, and the price effect of the “car” link can be measured by the cost of one-way transport and the number of rickets. The price effect of the round “transit” chain continues to increase rapidly. After 2019, round single votes are sorted.
At the same time, the number of new items in the loops and the number of new inputs in the distribution centre are also rising rapidly, leading the industry. This indicates a significant increase in the capacity of the circle to manage the pace of input and volume growth in the sorting centre.
The price-setting effect of the round-trip “carriage” chain has also continued to improve at a faster pace since 2019, when the transport cost of the round-trip tickets fell year after year, from 0.69 to 0.52 of 2022h1.
They judge that it is related to small increases and vehicle upgrades. (2) Sending fees are priced to promote a virtuous partnership with allieds and to improve the stability of the network of allieds.
The share of income is the lowest. We still have a better development in the “two-low” scenario, benefiting from the stronger operating capacity of Headquarters and the ability of its allies.
After 2019, figure 28 shows a slight decrease in the cost of single ticketing: digitalization and standardization improves the ability to fine-tune operations; rounded digitization and standardization products, mainly network butlers, customer butlers and cockpit management.
The webmaster is a web-based management system developed primarily for the daily business scenes and needs of the site, with modules such as customer service, finance, basic data and human resources administration. We believe that the web-based manager's role is “silent” and its value is to help the grass-roots level through a good interface and clear division of modules.
The site manager raises management thinking and improves management efficiency. Client managers are both a system for improving client experience and a tool to help refine marketing, with four main functions: basic function, value added function, customer service function, and marketing function. In our view, in the short term,
There are two sub-functions with a clear upward effect on business improvement: a “checkout” in the basic function of the customer butler, through an innovative provider-circle communication mechanism, i.e. the worksheet no longer has to be addressed via point-to-point interfaces, which enables the sender to communicate directly with the customer's service that requires the processing of the worksheet and significantly improves the client's clientele.
The household experience improves the stickyness of the client. 2 The subsidy in the customer housekeeper marketing function is readily available and can be tailored to achieve accuracy, based on claims about the size of the package and the volume structure of the client's distribution data and the circulation network.
The management of the cockpit facilitates the timely management by headquarters managers of the collection, transfer, transport, and distribution of the entire process in the provinces and districts, and we believe that the extension of the app end of the mobile phone has a clear contribution to improving the management experience and the efficiency of the management of the whole network.
It should be emphasized that the central entry point for the digitization and standardization of electric-service couriers is the operation, i.e., the marketing function of round-the-customer tubes, which also depends on business improvement to enhance client experience in order to be able to use the soil of accurate marketing over a long period of time. In other words, in the electric-service delivery industry, digitalization and standardization are understood.
Barriers should not compare the size of R & D inputs with the income from S & T products or services. In our view, there are virtually no technical barriers to system development at the end of a well-functioning industry such as the electric express delivery industry.
3 Valuation: A reasonable valuation of $82 billion, corresponding to 35 per cent of the scope for growth, and based on the following core assumptions and profit projections, the company’s business will continue to grow at a high medium rate. We estimate that 2022 of the risk that the current valuation of the basic price “price war” may increase, with a general increase in liquidity, will benefit.
Improved industry patterns should result in higher valuation premiums, with emphasis on investment opportunities after divergences kill valuations. Since CEO Pan Hye Hsiao took office, the level of corporate governance has increased from year to year, with three core competencies ranging from partial gaps to full and rapid improvement, initial better alignment of investment, pricing and operational capabilities, with significant performance.
Since February 2023, the market has been more divided about whether the price war has expanded, and the round valuation has gone through a much larger roundback. We believe that the current valuation has largely reflected the risk discounts that the “price war” may have intensified. As noted earlier, the probability of a fierce price war in the current phase of the industry is low.
(a) The ability of circulars to respond to short-term flexible price strategies for the long run is strong, with the expectation that they will remain 0.2 yuan/dollar-for-profit in 2023, while chart 33 circular valuations have experienced multiple rounds of fluctuations and present historical valuations have deteriorated; price wars have worsened; oil prices and labour costs have risen; consumption recovery has fallen short of expectations; and operational capacity has not improved as expected;
Internet companies, financial and industrial combinations, are good at combining industry and investment perspectives.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.