Events: company reports issued in the third quarter of 2023, operating income of $4.02 billion (+38.09 per cent), net profit of $887 million (+47.69 per cent) to the mother and non-net profit of $879 million
The company ' s performance for the same period last year was low, with a higher than expected performance of 2022q3, mainly due to an increase in the number of new slurry stations built by the company and a rapid upswing in slurry, which led to an increase in the slurry supply and a high rate of revenue growth.
In addition, profits have increased at a faster rate than revenues, mainly due to the full operationalization of the Yong-Am base and the increased efficiency of the production of ton slurry; a 3.46 per cent sales cost rate of 2023q3 (-3.39 per cent Pete) and improved control management capacity; and the company's three-quarters report's overperformance has led to an increase in the marginality of expected profits throughout the year.
Longan Base is fully operational and its product matrix is constantly enriched. It is fully operational at 20203, which further enhances the company's profitability after delivery, mainly as a result of: (1) an increase of about 10% in the rate of still-property production; (2) the production of three new condensed blood factor products; and (3) a simpler overhaul of the condensation process and operational costs.
The relative depth of 300 is lower than the previous ethanol cold sedimentation. In September 2023, the company was granted the first high concentration in the country to save people from epidemic proteins and injected reassembled human blood viii factors, further enriching the product matrix and increasing profits.
The demand for the sale of blood products has improved, and the industry has grown faster than ever before. Since last year, the sale of blood products has grown faster than the pharmaceutical plate industry, and it is expected that the demand will be released as a result of reduced collection prices and reduced health insurance pressure, resulting in a significant increase in the prescription of blood products.
There is still much room for improvement in the clinical requirements for blood products in the country. Meanwhile, blood companies are building high-volume slurry stations during the 1455s, and blood industry leaders are expected to be the largest beneficiaries.
Investment proposal: As of 2023h1, the company has 102 single-powder stations (including 76 in the camps and 26 in the pipelines), and is expected to have between 4000 and 5,000 tons of plasma treatment capacity to catch up with the international first-line blood product company.
[Galaxy’s Medicines] The company evaluates _Team Organisms (600161.sh) 2023h1 – Performance Rapid Report Reviews – slightly higher than expected, q2 blood products’ high-profile continuation of end demand risks, new product R&D and the risk of less progress on the market than expected.
China’s Galaxy Securities Institute has undertaken to present this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.