The Center for Research on Innovative Technologies and Business Services, Midway at 5g dawn: Why are we looking at the middle of the clock to 300 billion dollars in market value?
The epidemic affected the company’s recovery pace without affecting the aggregate, with a greater than anticipated risk of investment in 5g throughout the year. We believe that the communications chain under the 2019-ncov epidemic will recover better than during the Sars period, and production operations will return to full normalcy in the second quarter of the year.
Five g is expected to remain intact throughout the year. As the core direction of the science and technology infrastructure, it is expected that the epidemic will continue.
One, industry, from 9-1 to 1-9, the 5g investment cycle attribute is weakened. After the first wave of investment by operators, spending on 5g equipment, such as electricity, manufacturing, automobiles, medical care, etc., will grow corporate income.
1. " The bottom of the windfall profit valley, the consolidation of the core advantage has risen to about 60% in 20 years. In 2020, China ' s wireless and transmission markets were set up on a two-way basis, with a shift in the network of the three major operators, group 5g, from nsa to sa, thus enabling companies to gain more market share.
Entering a new growth cycle - The number of company points in 2019-08-28. 3 - Competition, major upward trend in communications equipment suppliers, and a significant appreciation of company competitiveness in the 5g era. 2019.8.28
Upgraded. Whether China lifts the embargo or not, China’s share of the global market will not change, and the global share of the wireless market is expected to reach 15% in three years. 4 Seeing for itself, the embargo’s adverse effects are eliminated, and the core competitive advantage is consolidated.
The Mid-Emergency Communications Annual Review - Returning to New Growth Week The market share has risen steadily, and long-term government and enterprise is expected to become the second extras curve for operators, entering into a new growth cycle, with both performance and valuation of Davis.
In terms of the share price performance of equipment dealers, both internal and external, we conclude that the equipment dealer's valuation represents growth over the cycle, with the leader enjoying the valuation premium. We predict that a slight decline in corporate consumer revenue in 20-21 years could lead to a potential breakthrough of 100 billion in 21 years.
There is uncertainty about the evolution of the epidemic, which may cause significant seasonal fluctuations in the company's 20-year business performance; the company's share of domestic operators' collection of bids is not as high as expected, and the growth of overseas markets is not as high as expected; and 5g investments are not as high as expected, and operators' capital expenditures are not as high as expected.
How do we see the impact of the epidemic on companies? 1.1 Epidemic strengthens the process of digitizing the industry.
This 2019-ncov epidemic will have a short-term impact on the supply chain, but the changes in post-epidemic hedging policy and digital demand are more likely to be policy-driven until a viable business model emerges.
What will be the impact of the post-epidemic policy evolution on building 5g? In the past, in the 2/3/4g era, the top four-g-scale capital expenditure was in the last two-year period. In 2015, the capital expenditure of the three operators was close to $440 billion.
At the end of the year, the Chinese economy was the hardest hit by the financial crisis. By issuing 3-g license plates, the three largest telecom operators actually invested more than 160 billion dollars, generating more than 700 billion dollars in investment.
Under normal circumstances, taking into account a number of factors such as the maturity of the industrial chain, the business model and the return on capital, we expect the investment intensity (capital expenditure/operational income) of the operators at the peak of the first 5-g investment cycle to be around 31 per cent, slightly below the 4-g-era high of 34 per cent in 2015, but total capital spending will be greater than 2015, reaching
It is expected that, after the outbreak, initiatives will continue to be put in place to promote 5g to enable economic development and improve human well-being, with a greater than expected potential for investment in 5g over 20 years. Chart 1: Trends in investment intensity (capital expenditure as a proportion of revenue) of the three major operators forecast
The outbreak of cloud communications, online office, online education, telemedicine, etc., has increased industry confidence in 5g business prospects. Demand satisfaction and breakthroughs are the driving force behind industrial evolution. As industry’s digitalization accelerates, 5g is being applied to vertical industries, and industries are being integrated.
Expenditure on 5g equipment will increase steadily and become an important driver of income growth in related equipment manufacturing enterprises.1.2 Companies operate at a seasonal pace that is not expected to affect their operations throughout the year.
These characteristics determine that the communications sector as a whole is limited by the sars, 2019-ncov and so on, and that production and operation can recover quickly after the outbreak. But we must also see that the telecommunications industry has a long chain and still requires a lot of offline production, installation, commissioning, etc., as well as Wuhan, who was the region in which the outbreak struck.
The country’s major logistics hub and light communications base, and the production operations of the entire industrial chain in the short term will be subject to the most recent epidemic, and we assume that the five-g collection of the three operators will be delayed by two to four weeks to the right. This will significantly affect the company’s performance in the first half of the year, especially in the first quarter, but we have a full-year history of the company.
With respect to capital spending by the three major operators in the SARS period in 2003, China, for example, planned to complete capital expenditure of $5.6 billion in 2003, affected by the sars epidemic, actually completed capital expenditure of $1.6 billion in the first half of the year, with a completion rate of less than 30% in the first half of the year, but still exceeded it throughout the year.
We believe that the recovery of the telecommunications chain under the 2019-ncov epidemic will be better than in the Sars period, and that production operations will return to full normalcy in the second quarter. As a result, the performance of the Division throughout the year will show a clear upward and upward trend, but it is not expected that the total will be affected.
In a comprehensive analysis of the company’s current fundamentals, we judge that the company is at the bottom of a new upward cycle and is not expected to be the biggest beneficiary of a rebalancing of the global market share of equipment suppliers. 2.1 Industry: from 9-1 to 1-9, the 5g investment cycle has weakened.
The global ict industry is in the early stages of the transition from 4g to 5g, which is the firm’s largest infrastructure. Given the apparent cyclical nature of the operator’s capital expenditure in the last 2/3/4g era, markets are generally concerned about whether corporate performance will continue to grow after the peak of 5g.
5g is an important turning point in the ICT development phase, and 5g is an evolution compared to 4g, a breakthrough in business models and experiences. 5g is a 9-1 model, followed by a 1-9 model, and 2b will be the most important application scenario in the future. Unlike the traditional 2/3/4g, mobile communication services have been used in the past.
Ninety per cent of the applications are focused on consumer demand, 10 per cent on connectivity, a fundamental change in nature in the 5g era, the next 90 per cent of the applications will take place in the 2b market, and the business model will move from meeting people ' s communications needs to enabling vertical industries and enterprises.
We believe that there are three waves of investment opportunities in the telecommunications sector based on the 5g theme: the operator’s investment drive, the consumer’s consumer’s drive, and the firm’s and industry’s investment drive. Since the 5g is primarily a vertical application for diversification, its overall investment cycle will be longer than that of 4g.
After the first round of investment peaks, the operator’s capital spending will not fall significantly, and as 5g matures in large particle scenarios such as unmanned, smart grids, and intelligent manufacturing, it will drive the operator to keep capital spending at relatively high levels. In terms of network-building rhythm, the operator’s first wave of investment will be based mainly on migration.
Mobilize the enhancement of broadband embb scenes, cover the hotspots with sub-6ghz bands, and then deploy the roots as needed, according to the maturity of the ar/vr and the various vertical application scenarios. 1st wave of operators invest in large particle industries such as electricity, manufacturing, automobiles, medical care, logistics, etc.
It will be the main source of non-operator investment for 5g equipment. According to the data published by Standard-Setting Organization 3gpp, 5g members are blow-outs compared to 3g and 4g, due to the participation of vertical players. With the penetration of 5g applications to vertical industries, spending on 5g equipment will be steady across industries.
In the electricity sector, for example, the smart grid 5g market has 10 billion degrees of space and the application and service market has hundreds of billions of space. As the existing public network communication system is unable to meet demand, the current grid company is based on the state.
Electricity regulation requires that all core production systems be connected through self-built dedicated communication networks and only for use