5g add to the base, new business, red, buy back, strong cash flow shows a steady upturn in business, research assistant Yao Kuo-hwa.
Income grew by 16.66 per cent over the same period the previous year. The Māori rate was 37.17 per cent in 19 years, up from 4.26 pp in 18 years; the business situation was gradually restored and cash flows from business activities improved significantly since 18 years q4, with cash flows from operating activities of $7.447 billion in 19 years and operating cash flows for four consecutive quarters.
Positive. A gain of $1.22 per share was achieved in 2019, an increase of 173% over the previous year.  plus R & D expenditure, solidizing the core competitiveness of 5g: R & D expenditure was $12.548 billion in 2019, an increase of 15.06% compared to the previous year, and R & D expenditure rose steadily in 19 as compared to the previous 2018.
7nm chip-scale production, commercialized in global 5g-scale deployment, with the next generation of 5nm chips being imported. At the same time, it is a major participant and contributor to global 5g technology research and standard-setting, with 74,000 global patent applications as at 31 December 2019, 5g
The standard requires 2561 patents, the top three in the world. Equity incentive targets are met, and buybacks highlight development confidence: the mid-point newsletter was released in July 2017 equity incentives, performance targets were achieved in 17 and 19 years, first and third shares in 2019.
▪ Accelerating the application of 5g in innovation and catching up with 5g development opportunities: currently emerging in 15 sectors
More than 300 partners worked together to explore 86 5g applications, while core products such as self-researched servers, video, digital, database, operating systems were also widely used, I, Ning News (000063), completed
It was argued that Naking, as an important player in building 5g, will continue to benefit from the 5g development opportunity, with more than $10 billion in non-public distribution of a share, and performance will continue to grow robustly.
• Profit forecasting and investment rating: We will continue to look forward to a robust growth in communications performance in the future.
It's a high investment in R & D, a net profit of $7 billion, $8.6 billion and $10.3 billion, ps $152 and approval of an additional request, plus 5g.
Performance growth is robust, business quality is gradually moving to positive 1.1. Benefit 5g and performance growth is robust
On 27 March, the China-China newsletter published its annual report for 2019, achieving operating income of 90.737 billion yuan in 2019, an increase of 6.11 per cent over the previous year and net profits attributable to the shareholders of the parent company of $5.148 billion, an increase in operating income of 2019 compared to the same period in the previous year, mainly due to a higher operating income of the network of operators than in the previous year.
The growth in operating income from the network of operators in 2019 was 16.66 per cent on a year-on-year basis, driven mainly by the increase in operating income from domestic and foreign fdd systems equipment, and from domestic and foreign 5g systems equipment. Focused on the main industry, the Māori rate has steadily increased: the Māori rate was 37.17 per cent for the whole year 2019, up from 18 years.
The Māori ratio of commercial and consumer operations rose by 2.24 pp and 5.37 pp, respectively; the secondary income structure improved to 58.217 billion yuan, or 64.16 per cent, of operating income in the domestic market in 2019.
Since the share of business networks reached 71 per cent, an increase of 15 per cent, and less so in Europe, Oceania, and so on, we believe that the network of operators, as the backbone of central communications, followed mainly the progress of building domestic base stations and was affected overseas by consumer operations: 19 years of saturation of 4g terminals, resulting in a lack of domestic and regional operations, such as those in Europe and the United States.
The same level of decline: as 5g has entered the build-up phase, the 5g switch will occur, although the ratio is close to half that of overseas, but given that it is basically a low-end machine, such as a thousand-dollar machine, we believe that the epidemic and the macro will have limited impact throughout the year.
Client demand, based on products such as “communication networks, material networking, big data, cloud computing”, provides governments and businesses with various types of information-based solutions. We believe that overall demand may be delayed over time cycles, but will not disappear, so it will not drag overall business.
A significant improvement in operational efficiency and a steady improvement in the quality of operations A small increase in costs over the three main periods: $7,869 million in sales costs in 19 years, a decrease of 13.38 per cent compared to the previous year; 41 per cent and 44 per cent respectively of the administrative costs are for salary benefits and bonuses and other costs, respectively.
In our view, expenditure on related costs has increased by 81 per cent in 19 years, mainly for company-related legal services, and by 21 per cent in 19 years and 64 per cent in the same year, respectively.
In order to effectively reduce the risks to companies in terms of operation and management, communication between firms sees compliance as one of the three cornerstones of a company’s strategy. Compliance is a necessary route to communications between China and China, a prerequisite and a bottom line for the company’s operations. Overall sales costs fell by 13.38 per cent in 19 years, but in terms of detailed data, the company’s advertising and consulting costs
The increase in the cost of inquiries and services, which rose by 39 per cent and 43 per cent, respectively, and thus, while the overall cost of sales has declined, the overall level of sales by the company has not slowed down, further indicating a significant increase in the effectiveness of the company ' s operations, with a financial increase of $1.006 billion in 19 years, representing an increase of 2537.25 per cent over the previous year, mainly in interest costs.
The main reason for the increase in interest costs was the increase in external borrowing in communications over the course of 19 years, with non-current liabilities of $169 million, an increase of 140.65 per cent over the previous year's year, and cash received to obtain loans of $45,321 million, compared with the total amount of funds raised in the undistributed shares of a sum not exceeding 13 billion yuan in January 2020 (including 13 billion yuan).
Net fund-raising, net of distribution costs, will be used for “technical research and product development projects for the evolution of the 5g network” and “supplementary liquidity”, and we believe that the fund-raising fund can effectively ease the financial pressure on emerging communications and is expected to further reduce the cost of interest payments.
1.3. A marked improvement in operating cash flows, with a significant increase in income per share 4 consecutive quarters of positive operating cash flows in 2019: business conditions have been gradually repaired since 18 q4 years, operating cash flows have improved significantly, operating cash flows in 19 years reached $7,447 million. Income per share was realized in 2019.
$1.22 per unit, an increase of 173 per cent over last year's year, plus R & D spending, solidizing the 5g core competitive advantage 28.3 million communications R & D workers in mid-2019, an increase of 8.98 per cent over last year's year.
40.39 per cent, an increase of 233 pp from 2018, and a salary benefit and bonus of $8,083 million for research and development personnel, compared to last year's insistence on the development of the 5g “core” technology and the “core” base.
Key technologies are leading the way, enhancing product security and ensuring business sustainability, while accelerating the digital transformation of enterprises and sustaining the incubation of innovative business.
A new generation of 5g wireless system chips, carrying exchange network chips, 5g characteristics support significant advantages 7nm chip size production and deployment on a global 5g scale
The next generation of chips has continued innovation breakthroughs, fast-tracking 2.3. Key players and contributors to global 5g technology research and standard-setting. On 31st of the month, there were 74,000 global patent applications, and more than 34,000 patents were granted; and chip patent applications were 3900.
The rest, the chip patent distribution, covers a number of countries and areas in Europe, the United States, Japan, and Korea. According to a February 2020 report by iplytics, the company has disclosed 5g standard required patents to 2,561, the top three countries in the world.
The 2561 setsi5g standard required patent, ranked among the top 304,000 global patent applications, and the authorized 34,000 chip patent applications, 3900 plus, covering Europe, the United States, Japan, the United States of America.
There is a global 5g commercial collaboration to facilitate 5g-scale commercial deployments in several countries and regions, and there are currently complete 5g end-to-end solutions in wireless, core networks, carriers, chips, and so on.
Table 8: Deployment of central communications cooperation Equity incentive targets achieved and buybacks highlighted confidence in development
In July 2017, Sino-Engineer issued equity incentives, with the number of stock options to be granted accounting for about 3.6 per cent of the total equity of the company on the day of the announcement of the 201 Equator Incentives Plan (draft), at a price of RMB 17.06/share. The title granted started with the authorization, and after a two-year waiting period, in the following three tenure periods, I, I, I, I, I, I, I,
Each of the second and third options has a right to one third of the right to obtain a viable right subject to the fulfilment of performance conditions. The conditions for the performance of the first option have been met: the annual net profit growth rate (net profit growth rate) attributable to the average shareholder of the listed company is not less than 10 per cent.
In 2019, the first and third rounds of equity incentives were confirmed at a current cost of RMB 192 million: on 27 March, the Chinese newsletter announced that the shares were to be repurchased for employee incentives or swaps; the number of repurchases did not exceed 1 per cent of the equity capital issued by the Department.
Repurchase of shares is intended to maintain the company's business development, safeguard, protect the long-term interests of investors and promote the maximization of shareholder value, while further developing and refining long-term corporate incentives to ensure the sustainability of the company's operations, speeding up innovation in the 5g sector, and steadily improving the performance of the three operations.
4.1. Accelerating the application of innovation in the 5g sector 5g commercial curtains have just opened, with a high volume of communications, and will continue to build on the core technological advantages of digitalization for society as an enabler of the 5g business, an innovative business practitioner and an active participant in ecological construction in the future
Auxiliary intellectual transformation: Communications in China has made full use of the technological advantages of 5g, working with leading manufacturing firms, adapting and upgrading networks within and outside the enterprise using 5g technology, focusing on innovation and technological enablers for industrial applications, such as ar/vr, machine vision, transport control, clouding machines, park security, etc., and contributing to the upgrading of industries.
Launching a new distribution of medical resources: China-China has created 5g operating theatres, remote specialist video consultations, tele-surgery instruction, remote-surgery guidance, etc., to enable medical resources to break through space and geography, and to open up a new distribution of medical resources.
The acquisition of high-value computer technology to accelerate the growth of car connectivity: the creation of a “car-road-wine” car-networked solution in communication between China and China promotes rapid growth of smart network cars, providing safer and more intelligent ways to travel; and the synergy of enabling motor vehicles with innovative applications to lay the foundation for intelligent transport development.
In 2019, the acquisition of Inbo Supertech Ltd., a major development in the CarLog network business, Inbo was an autopilot technology developer who focused on autopilot technology and product development, including autopilot area controllers, vehicle-mounted real-time operating systems, v2x equipment, etc., and provided adas and autopilot solutions for the entire domestic garage.
Three main lines of business will contribute steadily to higher performance: Operator network operations: benefit 5g network development, with core technology as an important driver Focus on the evolving needs of the operator network, providing wireless access, cable access, carrying network, core network, telecommunications soft
Innovative technologies and product solutions, such as systems and services. In the area of wireless products, continuing to lead innovation in 5g technologies and applications, at the first stage of industrialization of 5g, collaboration with more than 70 operators and more than 300 industry clients around the world, and core core core 7nm core of 5g
In the field of cable products, self-researching the listing of core dedicated chips to achieve high product integration, high performance, low power consumption has greatly enhanced the competitiveness of cable products. Poon, ftx, 100g light transmission networks have a global cumulative shipment. In the area of video and energy products, accumulated video decoding, access, transmission, storage, etc.
The full range of products, such as conferences, video networks and cloud computers, will become the operator network business in the coming 5g era: self-researched core products, such as servers, video, digital, database, operating systems, etc., that capture digital transformation opportunities, are also widely used.
To date, companies have developed more than 300 partners in 15 sectors such as industry, culture, education, health, media, ports, environmental protection, energy, transport, finance, etc., exploring 86 5g applications together and on a global scale.
More than 60 practical projects have been successfully implemented within the perimeter. Consumer business: sustaining global leadership. Consumer business involves mobile phones, data cards, vehicle terminals, home information terminals, fixed Internet broadband terminals, mobile phones, etc.
Business focus on 5g terminals, actively expanding domestic and foreign operators and consumer markets: household information terminals, fixed network broadband terminals, etc., benefiting from strong R & D, customization, delivery capacity, and long-term, deep-seated partnerships with upstream industrial chain equipment manufacturers, downstream operators, and long-term global sustainability within industry
The 5g industry is not as fast as expected, the network is not as fast as expected, and research and development of the relevant technologies is not as fast as expected.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board