Focus on Operators, Equipment Dealers back on track, 5g New Era Futures, 2019 News Report Review, 30/03 2020
In 2019, the China-China newsletter published the annual report: in 2019, companies achieved RMB 90,737 million in operating income, an increase of RMB 6.11 per cent in the same year, the net profit for the mother was RMB 5,148 million, an increase of RMB 173,71 per cent in the same year, and the net profit for the non-mother was 484 million, an increase of 11,427 per cent in the same year.
1) The company focused on the operator ' s business strategy, which benefited from the official launch of the construction cycle of 5g in 2019, and the firm ' s business growth rate continued to increase. Companies collected $90.737 billion in 2019, depending on the type of business: the operator received $66.584 billion, or 73.38 per cent of the revenue, which increased by 16.66 per cent, and Māori by 16.66 per cent.
The rate rose by 2.24 per cent, and the company focused on the operator ' s communications equipment business strategy started to work, with a further increase in market share; and the low rate of Maori consumer business continued to contract, which was more affected by 18 years of friction between the United States and the United States, with revenue falling faster in the United States. The corporate overall Māori ratio was 37.17 per cent, up from the previous year.
Domestically, 58,217 million yuan was realized, representing an increase of 6.93 per cent over the previous year, representing 64.16 per cent of the total, and continued strengthening of R & D investment as a 5g technology leader with an overall layout of the 5g industrial chain.
In 2019, the company spent $12,548 million on research and development, an increase of 15.06 per cent over the previous year, representing 13.83 per cent of the revenue collected, and more than the previous year, the commercial size of the 5nm chip, which was also imported and was based on the high performance of the 7nm self-research chip, the full range of wireless products.
Power operators build a five-g network with the best value for money and smooth evolution, with a minimum reduction in tco. 2) Loading network: 5g with large commercial deployment of load-to-end products, working with global operators to complete more than 40 5g commercial deployments and current network pilots. Companies can empower the vertical industry through 5g technological advantages, becoming idc, cloud video, communications energy, numbers
By the end of 2019, the company had authorized more than 34,000 patents worldwide, with more than 3900 patents on the chip, and a total of 2561 patents on the 5g standard, ranked third in the world. The construction of the 5g base station is moving fast, and the global share of the new cycle is expected to continue to rise.
As the world’s 5-g scale rises, the company will benefit fully as a 5-g new leader in equipment. Ericsson, the shrinking share of Nokia’s domestic market, and the demands of global telecommunications operators for cost reduction are expected to increase further.
Industry depth: Sweden co-builds a shared revelation: 46 5g commercial contracts from Sino-Swiss newsletters worldwide and 5g in-depth collaboration with more than 70 operators across the country.
\triangleright 2. \Dataline idc line as the 5g scale moves forward, adding new capital policy gains, and the 5g industry chain goes into full acceleration.
During the exhibition phase, we looked at the company's increased market share as the world's top four suppliers of communications equipment in the new cycle.
\triangleright 5g was not built as expected; market competition increased, city occupancy did not rise as much as expected, and trade friction risk.
Incident: The China-China News published its annual report 2019: in 2019, the group achieved RMB 90,737 million in operating revenue, compared with about 30 per cent of corporate consumer business, but as a result of subsequent sanctions by the United States Government, the company began to downsize its mobile phone business, proposed strategic deployments for focused operator operations, which increased from 57 per cent in 2015
In 2019, 73% of the total income was gradually returning to the pre-sanctions scale. By region, the share of in- and out-of-sea operations remained stable, and regional operations in Europe and America contracted.
As construction progresses in 5g in other countries, corporate overseas revenues are expected to increase further. The company’s Māori ratio stabilized at 30% by 2018, the company’s business structure began to adjust in 2018, the Māori-higher business share increased, and management levels improved further, with the overall Māori rate beginning to rise year by year.
With the official launch of the 5g construction cycle in 2019, corporate operators continued to grow at a faster rate, Māori rose by 2.24 per cent, while the low Māori consumer business continued to contract, affecting the company ' s overall Māori rate at 37.17 per cent, an increase of 4.26 per cent over the previous year. Future corporate profitability is expected to grow with the large-scale development of the 5g infrastructure, and the company ' s core chip progressing on its own.
Figure 5: Total Māori rate of communications in China (%): Māori rate of communications operations in China (%), II. Sustained high investment in R & D, 5g technology leading globally, Chinese equipment broker
Since 2017, the share of corporate R&D costs has continued to rise, and even the most difficult companies in 2018 have not reduced their ability to have a full 5-g end-to-end solution. Sino-Xin Electronic is now China’s fourth largest design company, the 7nm5g chip is commercial in size, and the 5nm chip is imported.
The company has a strong technological reserve in the area of communications, with a world leader in technology of 5 g. Globaldata believes that the company’s 5gran, core network, transmission, etc., has been fully integrated into the leadership quadrant.
At the end of 2019, the company had authorized more than 34,000 patents globally, of which more than 3900 chips were patented, and 2561 companies were ranked third in the world in respect of the 5g standard required patents. In addition, the company ' s technocrat Ms. Soprano and herrgioparolarari were elected as vice-presidents of 3gppran3 and 2 ran2 respectively.
In January 2020, the boom was mainly targeted at a range of 5-g products, technology research and development, and commercial projects were approved, including cellular mobile communication networks, core networks, transmission and carrier networks, fixed network broadband, large data and network smart technology research and product development, which will facilitate the consolidation of technology excellence in 5g and other ict products.
At the same time, it complements corporate cash flows to lay the groundwork for further market expansion in the future. Three, five-g base stations are building faster, the company’s market share is expected to rise further, and the associated capital expenditure is expected to increase significantly: the three major operators together plan to invest in the 5g network in 2020.
With about 18.3 billion yuan, a significant increase of 338 per cent in the same year, and 5g-related expenditures in the Chinese Tower, the overall 5g investment plan reached 1973.8 billion yuan; total capital expenditure by the three major operators increased by 12 per cent from the same year to 12 per cent; and net-fixed investments of about 129.3 billion yuan, with a further increase in both domestic and foreign market ownership by companies in the 5g era, the latest data released by dell'oro indicate that since the date of the report, the market share of the companies in the 5g era has been rising.
Since the company agreed to pay a fine to lift the sanctions in 2018, the market share has risen by two pcts to 10% in 2019: a review of the country’s historical operator bidding, where the company is well-established in business and government and gradually expands to high-end markets. And, with Nokia, Ericsson’s share in the domestic telecommunications market shrinks, China’s share has reached more than half of the smallpox.
In overseas markets, companies increased their earnings by 4.67% per year in 2019, and, despite political interference and considerable resistance to home-grown business breakthroughs, firms in African and Asian countries grew rapidly, with their demand for costs being higher, and their value-for-product ratios superior to those of China as they developed.
The construction of 5g is progressing, and the company’s share of the market is expected to increase further. 5g is not as much as expected; market competition is increasing, and the city’s share is rising less than expected, and trade friction risks.
In 2019, the author joined the Chinese Institute of Securities Studies, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of the Securities Investment Advisory Institute, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and independent from any third party.