Méri Medical (300760.sz) The first quarter of 2025 saw a rapid growth in performance, and domestic operations were expected to improve on a quarterly basis The growth of domestic revenues was under multiple pressures, and the first quarter of 2025 saw a marked improvement.
In the fourth quarter of China alone, $7.24 billion (-51 per cent) was collected, resulting in a net profit of $1.03 billion (-41.0 per cent) from the mother, owing to local financial constraints, a significant reduction in the size of the issue of special-purpose medical debt and the upgrading of medical equipment (s098052208001).
The monthly bidding data show a continuous improvement as the medical equipment renewal project is gradually launched. In vitro diagnostics have become the largest operating block, and seed operations have performed well. Life information and support industries still have more than 20 billion space in 2024, and micro-surgery operations have grown by more than 30%. In vitro diagnostic operations have generated more than 30% of their income.
For the first time, the 52-week top price/lowest price ranked first, reaching 13,765 million (+10.82%), of which the international in vitro diagnostics business grew by more than 30% on a year-on-year basis. For the first time, the market ranking of the company ' s chemical luminous business was third in the country, in biochemicals.
For the first time, the city has surpassed 15% and continues to rise; the company has succeeded in breaking 115 third-party overseas chains, and is expected to be installed overseas this year, and international in vitro diagnostic operations are expected to continue to maintain a high growth trend. Medical video business collects $7,498 million (+6.60%), and the company ' s domestic ultrasound industry.
For the first time, the city exceeded 30%, further consolidating the position of the first industry, while the share of ultrasound income from high-end and ultra-high-end types in the country reached 60%. The company’s M&As realized and recorded income of 1,439 million and revenue of about 3.9%.
Retroactive - 1.07 pp), mainly life information and support and in vitro diagnostic products. Sales: Murray Medical (3007.sz) — 1.4% growth in the three quarters of the year alone, international market protection. Murray Medical (3007.sz) — 14% increase in the net profit of the mother in the second quarter of the year.
Murray Medical Care (300760.sz) - “Innovation+Globalization”
The previous share price corresponds to 22.7/19.9/17.4 x. The company, as the leader of a home-grown medical device, is strong in research and development, and the digitized layout of “equipment +it+ai” is expected to redefine the global coordinates of Chinese medical devices and maintain a “better rating than the big market” rating.
There are multiple pressures on domestic revenue growth. The first quarter of 2025 saw a marked improvement in the ring ratio. In 2024, companies actually earned $36.726 billion (+5.1 per cent) in real operating income and $11.668 billion (+0.7 per cent) in net return to their mothers; one of these was fiscal constraints, a significant reduction in the volume of debt issued for health-care purposes, and a project to upgrade medical equipment made routine.
With the gradual start of the project, the monthly bidding data for medical equipment show a continuing trend of improvement, and the company believes that it is confident that domestic operations will begin to experience a major turning point in the third quarter of this year. Figure 2: Murray's one-month operating income and growth (in billions of dollars, per cent)
Figure 3: Mother-to-Mary net profit and increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 4: Mother-to-Mary net profit and increase (in billions, per cent)
Life information and support operations generated $13,357 million, a decrease of 11.1 per cent, with micro-surgery growing by more than 30 per cent and international life information and support growing by double digits. Domestic market regulations for products related to macro-environment and industrial policies, custodians, tremors, respirators, fluid pumps, etc.
The model showed a significant decline in 2024, but thanks to the compliance and centralization of bid procurement, and the unique competitive advantages of the Merrillian holistic solution, the company further consolidated the industry’s position as the leading provider of the product. By the end of 2024, the market space to be released from the new infrastructure of health care still stood at over $20 billion.
In addition, the share of corporate life information and support products in the overseas market is still low, and future international operations are expected to generate more than 13.65 billion yuan in in vitro diagnostics over the long term, representing an increase of 10.82 per cent over the same period. For the first time, the amount of income exceeded the amount of life information and support services, with international in vitro diagnostics growing by more than 30 per cent over the same period.
The impact of multiple policy factors such as mutual recognition of the results of the examination, testing of the price of the project, and a decline in the quantity and price of some reagents, but benefiting from the combined collection of chemical and biochemical reagents, as well as from a more compliant procurement environment, the market ranking of the company ' s chemical luminous business was for the first time third in the country, in biochemicals.
For the first time, the city's share exceeded 15% and continues to rise. The mt 8000 stream has nearly 190 aircraft installed throughout the year, with 1,800 chemical luminators, nearly six of which have become high-speed machines, laying the groundwork for a subsequent recovery of the in vitro diagnostic operations in the country. The company has localized production projects in 13 countries around the world, and there are now nine.
The country started production, most of the projects involving in vitro diagnostic products, while the import of products from the former factory of Diasys was well under way. In addition, the company succeeded in breaking down 115 third-party overseas chains and completing the installation of two mt8000 waterlines, which are expected to be phased out overseas this year, with the international in vitro diagnostic industry.
The medical video business has generated $7,498 million, an increase of 6.60% over the same period, with international medical video business growing by more than 15%. The market size of the ultrasound industry in the country as a whole has fallen by double digits.
The production of the headlines, the release of the ultra-high end ultrasound system resonaa20 (which achieved over $400 million in the first year on the market) and the further increase in industry concentration, the levelling of corporate ultrasound operations in the country, which for the first time exceeded 30 per cent, further entrenching the first industry position, while the ratio of high-end and ultra-high-end models to domestic ultrasound revenues
In addition, corporate ultrasound accounts for only a single-digit share in overseas markets, and income comes mainly from middle-end and entry-level models. Companies will continue to increase their coverage of overseas high-end markets, opening up a full-scale drive for ultrasound overseas high-end breakthroughs.
Figure 7: Medical video business (in billions, per cent) Figure 8: Three broad categories of business Māori (+21.3 per cent), with strong performance in developing countries and European markets.
The continuous break-through of the client base, the gradual improvement in capacity-building of the localized platform, and the balanced distribution of income across major regions of the world, increased the share of international business income in total income to about 45 per cent, and the contribution of international high-end strategic clients to international income further increased to 14 per cent.
The net gross interest rate has fallen and the cost rates have remained stable. In 2024, the company ' s Māori rate was 63.11 per cent (retroactive - 1.07 pp), mainly for life information and support and in vitro diagnostic products.
In 2024, the net operating cash flow was $12.43 billion (+12.38%), and the ratio of operating cash flow to the net profit return of the parent was 107%, maintaining a healthy quality. By the end of the first quarter of 2025, the carrying balance of corporate money was $17.711 billion.
Figure 11: Murray's operating cash flow of “3Rs” juicy program, which introduced a large model of medical care for the start-up of gravity. By the end of 2024, more than 350 hospitals had been added to the 3 A hospital; the “Mary Inspector” laboratory solution had been brought closer across the country.
590 hospitals were installed, of which about 80 per cent were level III hospitals and 380 were installed in 2024; the “Swig ++” project has covered the entire country, bringing the total number of installed machines to more than 15,600, of which in 2024 the number of new installed machines was close to 5,000. In December 2024, Murray released a large model of medical treatment for the initiation of meta-healysis, spearheading the realization of the i-systems.
Investments suggest that companies benefit domestically from new infrastructure and product upgrades, and simultaneously accelerate high-end client outreach abroad. In vitro diagnostics have grown, and seed operations such as microsurgery and cardiovasculars have been rapidly released.
The “3 S” intellectualization program leads to a transformational upgrading, scale effects and high-end product share promotion levels, and the intellectual layout is expected to redefine China’s global coordinates of medical devices and maintain a “better than the big city” rating. The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author