24 years of short-term domestic pressure, high income growth abroad, South-West Securities Institute.
On the same day, a single quarterly report was issued for the year 2025, resulting in a total revenue of $8.24 billion (12.1 per cent) and a net profit of $26.3 million (16.8 per cent) for the mother; the guaranteed insurance costs are included in the cost of the main business and are no longer included in the cost of the sale.
In vitro diagnostic lines have broken through large samples of clients overseas, with short-term domestic pressure. In sub-operations, vital information and support operations have achieved business income of $13.56 billion, a 11.11 per cent decrease compared to the previous year, with minor surgical operations having increased by more than 30 per cent over the same year, and international life information and support operations having increased by the same double digits.
As of December 31, 2024, the number of installed hospitals in the SWF ecosystem in the country has accumulated over 1,000, with more than 600 new projects in 2024, of which more than 350 have been added. The company's in vitro diagnostic operations have generated revenue of 13.37 billion yuan, an increase of 10.82% over the same period.
For the first time, it exceeded life information and support operations, with international in vitro diagnostics growing by more than 30 per cent on the same basis, domestic markets, influenced by multiple policy factors such as drig 2.0 landings, mutual recognition of test results, testing of project prices, and a certain decline in the quantity and prices of some reagents, both domestic and so on.
For the first year on the market, the ultra-high-end ultrasound system has generated over $400 million. Continued high investment in research and development and product upgrading.
In the area of life information and support, the company introduced the SRI decision-making support system, ux7 the 4k3D fluorescent endoscope system, the 4k3D electronic chest endoscope system, casket cosmographers,
A3/a1 products such as anaesthetic systems. In the ivd area, the company introduced mt 8000c intelligent coagulation waterlines, m680 fully automated bio-immun flow lines, m980 fully automatic bio-immun flow lines, cl2600i fully automated chemical luminology analysers, bs-1000m fully automatic bio-analysis machines, brioytem series fluid cells
In the field of medical imagery, products such as super-high-end, elite versions, etc. and, as the most international medical equipment, we think the company could be estimated 25 times in 2025.
1. Murray Medical Care (300760): 24q3 short-term pressure, ivd growing faster abroad (2024-11-07), nd operations continuing to grow (2024-09-08)
Assumption 1: Life information and support: The construction of a new hospital expansion project has slowed down in 24 years. With the increase in the issuance of local specific debt (especially for medical services to support hospital re-engineering and equipment procurement), the 24-year delay in new infrastructure projects for medical care due to insufficient funding is also expected to recover.
Assumption 2: In vitro diagnostic products: 24 years of policy influence in the country, domestic operations are under pressure. Large samples of clients abroad continue to break through. After 25 years of gradual elimination of policy impacts and the harvest, the impact is expected to increase at the domestic level, after the collection of impacts has been fully settled since 2026, with the self-research of raw materials and overall production efficiency.
Assumption 3: Medical imaging products: 24 years of inadequate domestic demand, and delays in replacing medical equipment with old ones, including district collections, with intense competition, have led to a decline in unit prices. As the company ' s ultra-high body and gynaecology ultrasound are listed, scenario 4: Electrophysiology and vascular intervention: the new class of items expected since the company acquired Hetai ' s shareholdings.
Méri Medical is the absolute leader of the domestic medical apparatus, and we have selected a few companies similar to Méri Medical Services in other areas of the medical equipment plate: Rii Bong Instruments, New Industries, Hyetai Medicine. The Rii Devices and Méri Medical Services have life information and support operations (especially the line of custody products). New industries and Méri Medicine have in vitro diagnostics, new products.
In vitro diagnosis is at the top of the list, and internationalization of overseas operations is similar to Méri’s. Hye-Tai is a leading company in the field of arteries intervention, outer-week intervention, and electro-physiology, all of which, like Méri’s, have high-value content. Three comparable companies averaged 31 times, 25 times, and 22 times, respectively, in 2025-2027.
Given the firm growth of the company in the coming years and its role as the leader of the most international medical instrument, and the fact that the company vd Nov has not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.