Short-term pressure is still in place, and the point of performance is worth looking forward to.
Events: Companies publish annual reports for 2024 and first quarter reports for 2025. □ chingpei_yj@chinastock.com.cn Increases, net profit returns to mothers have increased slightly, while net profits to both the company's revenue collection and the parent return have declined in 2024.
A rapid increase in the scale of the roll-out, the build-up of bids, and the prospect of a steady recovery in corporate domestic operations; improved capacity-building of corporate international operations compared to localized platforms in 2024, maintaining a rapid growth trend in developing countries and a future public interest
The core business as a whole is strong and resilient, with overseas outreach and high-end breakthroughs opening the space for development. Among these, micro-surgery has grown by more than 30% in the same year, and international business has grown by double digits in the same year.
Life information and support for domestic operations are more affected by delays in the regular bidding of medical equipment, but benefit from the advantages of intellectually modified solutions, and are further consolidated by the industry that has the highest domestic market share of products such as corporate custodians, defibrillators, respirators, fluid pumps, etc.
At the top of the spectrum, operations have accelerated to infiltrate the overseas population and have continued to gain access to more high-end hospitals in a number of countries;2 In vitro diagnosis: revenue of 13.765 billion yuan (+10.82 per cent) was achieved in 2024, with domestic operations partly affected by multiple policy factors such as drig 2.0 landings, mutual recognition of inspection results, and testing of project prices,
Reagent tests and prices have declined, but the market share of the company-related products has increased further. International in vitro diagnostics has grown by more than 30% over the same year, companies are now localizing production projects in 13 countries (started in 9 countries), and the penetration of large samples from overseas has continued to accelerate (breakout in 2024).
3 medical images: revenues of $7,498 million (+6.60 per cent) in 2024, of which domestic ultrasound was flat, with over 30 per cent of the city, mainly benefiting from high-end ultrasound 1. [Galactic Medicines] Company Review _Mary Medical Care (300,760):
(a) The global layout has been steadily advancing and robust growth has shown resilience;
The company’s international medical video business grew by more than 15% over the same year, and its performance met expectations and moved further towards the global flagship; 3. [Galactic Medicine] Company’s Deepness _Mary Medical Care (300,760):
We believe that the continuing breakthroughs in the future high-end markets will provide an important driver for the growth of corporate offshore operations.
4. [Galaxy’s Medicine] company review _Mary’s Medical Care (300,760): Corporate performance is growing robustly and high-quality development is showing good results High R & D inputs drive innovation, with a high proportion of confidence. Companies maintain high levels of R & D.
(of which 8,605 patents), a total of 5,973 patents (of which 2,979 patents) have been granted, and the corporate model of the "start-up" major symptoms has been deeply integrated into the scenes of icu, emergency care, images, etc., with a notable increase in the efficiency of the consultations, combining the U.S.-R. ecosystem to complete the entire layout of the hospital's "equipment +it+ai"
There are more than a thousand high-end hospitals installed in the country, and cooperation has taken place in various parts of the world. At the same time, the Murray Medical Company has been rededicated several times over the past seven years, with a total cash share of $7.602 billion in 2024 and a cash share.
A global, diversified and globalized development strategy helps companies grow into global medical equipment, and overseas operations will be an important engine of corporate growth in the next 10 years. Given the uncertain pace of domestic procurement demand’s release, the bidding dynamism needs to be further restored, we adjust and predict the company’s net return in 2025-2027.
I am committed to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Monxie, a Master of Quantities in Finance from the National University of Singapore, joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022, mainly for research in the pharmaceutical sector. This report is provided to its clients by China Galaxy Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.