Murray Medical Review Report: The high rate of growth overseas, as a result of a year-round recovery in the country. After the impact of financial costs, net profit on maternity increased by 4.36 per cent over the year; net profit on non-mortality was reduced by 11.442 billion.
In the fourth quarter of 2024, the company released the first quarter of 2025: rapid growth in international operations and short pressure on domestic operations.
International markets grew by 21.28 per cent a year, with Asia and the Pacific growing by nearly 40 per cent in 2024 compared to other countries such as Australia, Thailand and India, which boosted the overall growth of developing countries by almost 25 per cent; European markets gradually emerged from the gloom of local conflicts and achieved more than 30 per cent of the reverse.
Growth in the world economy as a whole was about 15%. The share of international income in corporate income rose further to about 45% throughout the year, with microsurgery, animal medicine, cardiovasculars, etc. in international operations accounting for nearly 10% of international income.
Temporary impact of landing. With the easing of local fiscal constraints since 2025, the rebound in the size of the debt issue, and the launch of the CDRC-led medical equipment upgrading project, the domestic market is expected to report on the < Mérry Medical Assessment: international operations maintained
It's going to pick up in the third quarter of this year, and it's going to bounce back.
< <Mary Medical Assessment Report: ivd and international industry in vitro diagnostic line income for the first time went beyond life information and support lines, promoted to the top business board with strong growth and steady intellectual development of the "3R"
Household penetration has continued to accelerate, with 115 third-party overseas laboratories successfully breached in 2024. < < Miri Medical Post Assessment Report: Performance Matched and completed 2 mt8000 aircraft.
During the period, major breakthroughs were made across all production lines - recognition, testing of the impact of multiple factors such as price below the project, but the market share of the company ' s various sub-products continued to rise, benefiting from the concentration of headlines brought about by the clustering and consolidation of the medical sector.
Medical video production has grown by 6.60% year-round, with international growth of more than 15% year-on-year. Currently, corporate ultrasound has only a single-digit capacity abroad, and income is mainly derived from middle-end and entry-level models.
The country has benefited from the contribution of 400 million yuan in the first 20 years of the super-high-end ultrasound market, as well as from the increased concentration of the industry, which has achieved a level playing field in a difficult market environment.
Life information and support lines have fallen by 11.11% year-round, with international growth in double-digit numbers. The company’s high-end client base has moved faster, entering more countries like the United States, the United Kingdom, and France.
High-end hospitals, which currently have a low rate of corporate ownership in overseas markets, are expected to maintain a steady and rapid growth in the long term. On the domestic market, with the specific medical focus on supporting hospital expansion and equipment procurement, Mérry's health points report: the high rate of growth abroad, looks forward to the country's recovery throughout the year.
Debts have increased on a comparable scale, and new infrastructure projects for medical care that were previously postponed are expected to recover, including the short-lived pressure on the Maori rate, the continued stability of the cost of drig/dip landings, the adjustment of service prices, the decline in detection volumes, and the worsening competition for equipment.
Cost of sales, administrative cost, R&D cost, financial cost rates of 14.38 per cent, 4.36 per cent, combined Māori rate of the fourth quarter of 2024, sales cost rate, administrative cost rate, R&D cost Pacific Securities Co. Ltd.
926 Beijing Road, Congming Town, Yunnan Province.
The Chinese Securities Supervisory Board has approved qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations.
If you are not a signatory of the Pacific Securities Agreement, cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report: Pacific Securities will not be considered a customer of the Pacific Securities as a result of receiving, reading, or following the content of this report from the media.
The information in the report or the opinions expressed does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, investors should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is a non-saled bid or request for quotations. My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report