The domestic market is on its way, and overseas business is on its way.
The cost rate (+0.05 pt) is 9.98%. Given the length of the recruitment cycle and the drig, the test results are mixed, but the scale of the local health-specific debt is growing, the court-level recruitment is steadily recovering, domestic operations are recovering, and the high-end markets abroad are expanding and the share of overseas income is expected to increase continuously, thus maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
• Business performance in overseas markets was excellent, with in vitro diagnosis becoming the largest business block The company's life information and support business achieved business income of $13.557 billion (11.11 per cent), of which microsurgery business grew by more than 30 per cent in the same year, and international life information and support business achieved a double-digit growth in the same number.
External diagnostic operations generated business income of 13.765 billion yuan (+10.82%), of which international in vitro diagnostics increased by more than 30% on a year-on-year basis.
The top six of them became high-speed machines, which laid the foundation for a follow-on reagent release. The medical image business generated $7,498 million (+6.60 per cent) in revenues, with international medical image business growing by more than 15 per cent in the same year, and ultra-high-end ultrasound system resona 20, which generated over $400 million in the first year of its listing, as it was listed overseas.
● The company completes the “equipment +it +ai” system and will continue to scale up its transition to intellectual eco-programmers.
Ideal Development - Corporate Information Update, which provides health care institutions with a combination of big data and artificial intelligence through the “3 S” ecological and equipment integration innovation {bary}2024.6.18}
To make a whole-of-the-art solution, we can really use technology to solve clinical pains. The number of smart corporate solutions has accumulated a large number of mature cases in high-end client groups at home and abroad, enabling companies have continued to open up high-end markets, and the share of high-end strategic clients contributing to international income rose to 14% in 2024.
In order to sustain the demand for and optimize the services of the deep-farming community, the company has accelerated the transition to intellectual ecological solutions service providers.