Overseas markets supported performance growth, and vd became the company's top business Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) generated domestic growth pressure and overseas markets maintained high growth
The company’s prices compare to the 300-year-old trend, while the in vitro diagnostic market began to be temporarily affected by drig 2.0 landings in the third quarter of the month.
The DRC-led medical equipment upgrading project has been launched, and the domestic market is expected to pick up in the third quarter of this year and bounce back. The localization platform has been gradually improved.
As a result, the Asia-Pacific region grew by nearly 40 per cent in 2024 compared to the previous year, fuelling the overall growth of developing countries by almost 25 per cent; European markets gradually emerged from the stigma of local conflicts and achieved over 30 per cent of their income, rising further to about 44.7 per cent, with microsurgery, animals in international operations.
The share of high-potential operations such as medical, cardiovascular and other services in international income is close to 10 per cent. In the first quarter of 2025, the international business of companies grew by less than 5 per cent in the same year (the international base of operations for the same period was close to 19 per cent in two years).
With the continued in-depth localization of the platform, the revenue share of the Department’s international operations is expected to increase over the next few years. ..ivd became the number one business, and the company accelerated its shift to a current-water-type business.
In 2024, the in vitro diagnostics business achieved revenue of 13,765 million yuan, compared to 10.82 per cent, State 1.
(300,760): 2024q3 domestic acceleration pressure, making it the company’s top business. In 2024, the company’s test equipment was installed at a relatively high speed, mt8000 full-of-laboratory intelligent flow lines were installed nearly 190 units a year, chemically luminous.
2. [Wayan Medicine] Company assessment: Méri Medical installed 1,800 instruments, nearly six of which became high-speed (300,760): 2024h1 performed as expected, ivd
Among them, in overseas markets, companies continue to accelerate local platform-building such as international in vitro diagnostic production, logistics distribution, clinical support, and int services, through mergers and acquisitions, self-building and external cooperation. The company has localized production projects in 13 countries around the world, Diasys, Germany.
Importing new products from subsidiary plants is progressing well. To benefit from this, the penetration rate of large sample customers overseas has continued to accelerate, with 115 third-party overseas chains successfully breaking through in 2024, and two mt8000 full laboratory intelligent waterlines having been installed.
Mt8,000 overseas loadings will begin to be phased out, and the international in vitro diagnostic line is expected to continue to support the domestic market, which is currently facing negative effects from policies such as drig payment reforms, harmonization of test project fees, reagent clustering, etc., in 2024.
This year, US-China tariffs are expected to bring more high-end domestic customers to bio-immunizing products, considering the company’s combined strength, brand power, and the domestic market’s resilience to industry’s demand.
(b) Use information on legal compliance and produce the present report independently and objectively. The data and information used in the present report are from open information in the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.