International income grew by more than 21 per cent, and I've accelerated high-end breakthroughs.
Tang El-Kin’s domestic growth pressure, “localization” + “high-end breakthroughs” contributed to the rapid growth of the international market. In 2024, corporate aggregates grew by 5.14 per cent.
The impact of soft, drigs landings, among other things, is growth pressure, with revenue of $20,292 million (youy-Cao Jialine group continuing to break down, income of $16,434 million (yoy+21.28 per cent) and rapid growth,
Sliding, in which the domestic market experienced a certain time lag between open bidding and revenue recognition, which continued the downward trend, which was more than 20 per cent in the same year, but the ring growth was more than 50 per cent, demonstrating the recovery of medical equipment, which we believe will be collected as the medical equipment renewal project begins gradually.
In terms of profitability, the company’s profitability is robust and its costs are well regulated, and we believe that with vd reagents, micro-surgery,
Cardiovascular consumables, ai services income, high end products, corporate profitability, ivd-led growth, and aai empowerment accelerated high-end breakthroughs. In 2024, corporate ivd operations continued to act as an engine of growth, generating revenue of 13.765 billion yuan (yoy+10.82%) and became company number one.
The big business block, in which, in the international market, the company succeeded in breaking 115 third-party chains and completing two mt 8000 full-laboratory smart flowlines, international vd revenues grew by more than 30 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and we believe that as the company localizes production, the seagulls are falling to the ground.
Biomaterial replacement leads to reagent performance and lower costs, and the growth of diasys overseas vd, short-term pressure on domestic market growth ivd high-speed, high-end “product + market” sustained
Annual revenues of $7,498 million (yoy+6.60 per cent), in which international medical images are growing at the same time as the in vitro diagnosis leads to a breakthrough at the higher end of the world, and we think that with the company's super-high-end ultrasonic sales, the company's medical imaging industry is going to grow.
Life information and support lines are influenced by the recruitment of domestic hospitals to generate income of $13,357 million (youy-11.11%), which benefits from high-end clients, Sinda Securities Inc.
Group breakthroughs, double-digit growth in international markets. In recent years, with the rapid technological development of the ai, cindasecuitiesco., Ltd.'s three main lines of business have enabled the ai, and the company has launched a life information and support production line.
In the field of medical imagery, the company released the Neuwaa 20 All-Atlas solution, and in the area of ivd, I'm already in innovation.
At Murray's Mind Lab, mt 8,000 full-laboratory intelligent currents are fully utilized, and we believe that the ai technology is likely to change the competitive dimension of the equipment industry, help raise the company's market position and visibility, and accelerate high-end breakthroughs.
Risk factors: Market demand does not rise as expected; product R & D is not progressing as expected; market competition \triangleright research experience, joined in 2024 with Sinda securities, covering mainly the health service, cxo, life sciences upstream, Chinese medicine, etc.
In 2023, we joined the Cadastre in charge of research in areas such as medical equipment, in vitro diagnosis, and icl. In 2023, we joined the Cadastre, covering mainly Chinese medicine, pharmaceutical & pharmaceutical stores, and vaccines.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.