11.11%, of which micro-surgery has grown by more than 30% in the same year, the international life information and support industry has grown by the same double digits. The market size of domestic market custodians, defibrillators, respirators, fluid pumps, etc. has declined significantly in 2024.
Interest and support increased by double digits on a year-on-year basis. 2) In vitro diagnostics generated revenue of 136.5 million, an increase of 10.82 per cent in the same year. For the first time, the amount of income exceeded the amount of life information and support services, with international in vitro diagnostics increasing by more than 30 per cent in the same year.
According to company statistics, the market ranking of the company's chemical luminous business was the third highest in the country, and the market share of the biochemical business was above 15% for the first time and continued to rise. 3) Medical imagery generated revenues of 7,498 million, an increase of 6.60% compared to the same year, including international medicine.
"Mary Medical Care (300,760): 2024 Quarterly Reporting Point "Study Video Business has grown by 15% over the same period, super-high-end ultrasound system resonaaa 20, first year on the market: short-term performance pressure, looking forward to recovery next year."
In 2024, the company completed the acquisition of control over Hye Tae-tae's medical care and quickly laid down a breakdown of the cardiovascular sector.
• Continuous innovation, driving growth. In 2024, the company launched a performance appraisal in the area of life information and support: performance against expectations, overseas and ivd Auxiliary Decision Support System, ux7 series 4k3D ISPS, 4k3D
Electronic chest cavity endoscope system, cavity cosmographer, a3/a1 anaesthesia system, benehaearte/l/h series semi-automatic extraterrestrial defibrillator, beneehartr 900/r 700/r 300 full-digit multicardiogram machine, Nh9 series high-flow respiratory humidification machine, sv70/sv9000 respirator, one-off vehicle
With bipolar shut-down devices, etc., in the medical field, the company has introduced a system of intensive care decision-making support based on a large-scale model of stress disorder, improving the quality of care for patients, helping doctors to quickly and accurately export medical records, and improving the efficiency of the document.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: In view of the increased cost of promoting new goods in the country and opening up overseas markets, the three main financial forecasting tables for Méri Medical Care, East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.