Murray Medical (300760.ch): 3q25 performance is expected to recover, but uncertainty about the strength of the recovery will remain a determining factor in the company ' s performance in 2025.
Bids are running, and we think that the visibility of the 3q25 recovery in Murray's domestic operations has improved significantly (2q25 due to the high base for the same period last year and the tender for the equipment renewal project to the point of delivery) The same ratio of life information and support/ivd/medical imagery revenue - 30%/-
The weakness of the annual tender for equipment lasted until November, while drig 2.0, which started from 3q24, echoed the ivd plate; 2) international revenues increased robustly by the same year +21%, with 3q25 company performances developed in China that could gradually recover.
Launched in December 2024, the relevant tenders are currently being launched in nearly six provinces (on the same scale as the overall bidding market for 1q25 medical equipment, based on publicly available data + 67 per cent), with a recent extension of the time for delivery, which would take about six months as more provinces bid
Initiation, completion and delivery of goods, 3q25 equipment upgrading projects are expected to result in progressive tariff cuts that may have an impact on the Māori rate: since the mid-American trade war of 2018, companies have stepped up their overseas deployments and are now operating or planning production bases in 13 countries to supply the United States of America in the future.
In the short term, the company now has about one year of supply in the United States, and overseas revenues will not be clearly affected in 2025. Moreover, a portion of the company ' s raw materials are currently from the United States and are subject to our counter-regulation.
The impact of taxes may increase the cost of purchasing raw materials for companies in the short term or in relation to the Māori rate. There are 0.4 standard deviations below the average pere in the last three years. • Investment risk: equipment upgrades are less than expected, capture policy risks, industry restructuring effects
Financial statement analysis and forecasting -- Murray Medical, Living Silver International.
Figure 2: Merrill's operating income and changes in year-on-year Figure 4: Murray's non-mother's net profit and changes in year-on-year Figure 5: Murray's Māori rate & Deducted Non-mother's net interest rate
Figure 6: Murray's 12 months ago looking forward to the city's surplus.
Pessimistic scenario: Corporate revenue growth is not as high as expected Optimistic scenario: the recipients of this report, by accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), indicate and guarantee their entitlement to this report under the following conditions and agree
Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is compiled by the Group Information and other public information that is used by the Card Corps-Pulse International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as the International Securities of Pilgrim), which engages in activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing an Opinion on Securities).
This report is not intended to be an offer or offer for the purchase or sale of any securities or related financial instruments. You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive matter for legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice, and may not necessarily be updated to reflect the progress that has taken place since the date of the document. This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely invest in, withdraw or otherwise rely on the information in this report.
In addition to the historical data presentation, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and be limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Sing International Securities.
The Division (collectively "Pulang International") and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or in the companies concerned and may from time to time buy and sell.