Méri Medical (300760.sz) Medicines Group International support growth and domestic demand recovery
1. “Mary Medical Corporation Review: Growing International Business, Keeping High R & D in Support of Corporate Growth, and Breaking Up High-end Products in the Domestic Market in 2024.
2. Merri Medical Corporation Review: Growth of In vitro Diagnosis, Promotion of Intellectualisation Local Financial Sufficiency, Reduction in the Issue of Specialized Debts and Transformation of Medical Equipment, 2024.8.30
As a result of the company’s continuous breakthrough with high-end clients abroad, capacity-building for localized platforms has gradually improved, with 21.28 per cent of international business growth, rising to about 45 per cent of total income.
11.11%, of which microsurgery has increased by more than 30% the same year. In vitro diagnostics have achieved revenue of 13.765 billion yuan, compared with 10.82%, and international in vitro diagnostics have increased by more than 30%. The equipment has been installed at a higher rate, with a total laboratory intelligence flow of mt 8,000.
Nearly 190 water lines and 1,800 chemical luminators have been installed throughout the year, of which nearly six have become high-speed machines. Medical video operations have generated $7,498 million, +6.6 per cent, super high-end ultrasound system resona 20, over $400 million in the first year on the market.
Over the first time, mega-markets exceeded 30%, further consolidating the position of the industry with the highest rate. The recovery of the domestic market’s demand ring in the first quarter is expected in the future. The company’s international business grew by less than 5% in the first quarter of the year, but given the high base of its operations in the same period last year, the international community has done so.
Over the past two years, the combined operations have continued to grow at a compound rate of more than 15 per cent, up to about 47 per cent.As far as the domestic market is concerned, monthly tender data for medical equipment since December 2024 show a sustained recovery, although domestic operations have declined by more than 20 per cent in the first quarter of the year.
Last quarter saw an increase of more than 50%. With the gradual start of the medical equipment renewal project in the past quarter, the monthly bidding data for medical equipment has continued to improve this year, and the country’s operations are expected to reach a major turning point in the third quarter of this year.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating Mergers and acquisitions are not aligned with expected risks; exchange rate fluctuations; R & D progress is not as advanced as expected; Market competition increases the risk: higher than expected risk of collection of reduced prices, etc.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market