I'm not sure if you're the only one who's got it, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got it.
In 2024, Mindrayreportedvevenueoffrmb36.7bn (+5.1% yoy) andattributable (previoustp rmb328.81)
I don't know what you're talking about.
The reportovenuefromivd regentdeclinedin4q24. Thesino-ustradefractionsmayraisecostsforus-
Jillewu, cfa sourcedrawramalisin 2025e, whilemindrayisactivelysekingsubstitututesto protemargins.in1q25, minidray'srevenuefellby12.1% yoytormb 8.2bn,
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Basein1q24 (upnearly 30% yoy), researchinginslow1q25overseesgrovethof stepadygrovevers.in2024, overseasrevenuegrewby 21.3% yoytormb16.4bn, accoundingfor44.7%ofthe lefttalrevenue(+6.0ppts).ex-
26% of non-Americanrevenueroses 26% yoytormb13.8bn, withsia-pacific continuingasthegrowthengine.mindrayachievedforotherbreakthroughsin high-endmarkets, 14% of whom
I'm sorry, sir, but I'm sorry, sir, I'm sorry, sir.
We're going to have to do this for the next few days, and we're going to have to do it for the next few days.
I don't know if I'm the only one who can do this, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one.
Domesticmarketremeedunderpressure.in 2024, domesticrevenue decreasedby 5.1% yoytormb20.3bn.revenuefrompmmlsandmis segmentsfell 31% yoyand2% yoy, respectively, duetowakhospital
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
1% yoyin2024.however, joinchaindashowshows67.5% yooyincreaseinmedialequipmentdiddingvaluein1q25, indexing
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
It's a timetimetimebedweidedhecessandrevenuerecognification.maintainbuy.giventheuncertäinsofthetimelineofworldmediaproceduralprocedurals,werevisedtownsources.
Forecasts.weexpectrevenueandattributtablenetprofittotrorow 9.4% and source: companydata, bloomberg, and bigmestimates source:cmigmestimats
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Theresalarchanalywhoisprispyresponsibleforthecontentofresresearchresearchreport, inwholeorinpart, certifiesthathwatect to the secritiesorissuer that theanalystcoveredhisreport: (1) theloftheviewsexpressaccuratelyreflefectorherpersonsalviewsaboutthesubjectsecuritiesorissesuesuell; and (2) nopartofofhisorpensationwas,is,orwillbe,directlydirecteddirectly,relatedtothespecificviewsexpressedatatatanalystits.
(b) since, since, theanalystconfirstrets/herassociates (asdefinedinthecodeofconduced by the Hongkongsecuritiesandfutures committee) (1) havedealtinortraddinthestock(s)coveredhisresearchof30calendardayspriortotetetoteofissueofissueissueissuesreport; (2) will dealinortradehestock(s)coveredhisresearchreport3businessdayofofofofofhongreport; (3) serveasanofficeroofofofofhong
konglistedcompaniescoveredinthisreport;and(4)haveanyfinalinterestsinthehongkonglistedcompaniedinthisreport.
:stockisnotradedbycmbigm outperform mark-perform
"underperform cm internationalglobalmalketslimited cm internationalglobalmalmätslimited" ("cmbigm") iawholnyownedsubsidiaryofcmbinternationalcapitalformationmed
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Thevalueof, andreturnsfrom, nyinvesssale uncenterandantegueranteedandmayfluctuateasalesultooftheirdepandenceonthe performanceofforceofforceofforceofforceofunderingassessoleverablemarketactors. andbigmcommendsthataverssssouldentlyvalulatepartualintureinvestments.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The publicsreflection, point-of-viewanalytical methodswhencompiliation.
It's not like we're going to be in the middle of something like this, but we're going to be in the middle of something like this.
I don't know, and by the way, I don't know what I'm talking about, and by the way, I don't know what I'm talking about, and by the way, I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure what I'm talking about, either.
Thealysisnotsubject toapplicableresductionsunderfundinrules indicatedtoentaintyattheanalystisnotaffetedbypotentiaconfactorsointerestthatcourdbackofothereliabilityofothersreport.thisreportis infedfordedforstoritionsstately "majorusitutionalinvestors", asdefininedinrule15a-6undertheus, secritiesexchhangeactof
1934, asamended, andmaynotbefursenttoanyotherpersons.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something like this, but I'm going to be in the middle of something like this.
I don't know, singarecipients should contact & bisgat+65635004400formattersarisingfrom, orinconventionwithotherport.