The report meets expectations, and the chemical giants ' future growth prospects meet expectations: the company achieved business income of $31,539 million during the reporting period, with a sharper decline in performance compared to the same period, mainly due to the slowdown in global economic growth.
Major product prices have fallen, China’s trade frictions have led to higher export costs, etc. Qualitative effects, mdi prices will remain under downward pressure in the future, but companies will, on the one hand, increase the globalization to meet the challenges of trade protectionism, and, on the other hand, gradually focus investment more closely.
The development of fine chemicals and new materials in metachemicals has resulted in a high degree of integration of the current industrial chain, a high degree of integration of production, but different industrial cycles of polyurethane, petrochemicals, fine chemicals and new materials, and the upgrading of product competitiveness and corporate resilience to risks.
• Acquisition of Swedish international chemicals and further enhancement of international competitiveness: in August this year, the company announced that its wholly-owned foreign company, Mandarin Chemical (Hungary) Holdings Ltd., had acquired Chematurtechnologies, held by Cornell Investment Group Ltd. and Euro-American Energy Technology Ltd. in Gilling City
ab (Sweden International Chemical Industry) 100% shareholding. This acquisition is facilitated by the fact that Swedish international chemical industry is mainly engaged in technology R & D, foreign technology licensing, engineering design related to technology licensing, technical advisory services, etc., and owns technology related to mdi, tdi, peroxide, biochemistry, etc.
Further upgrading of R & D capabilities in companies and, more importantly, effective prevention of the diffusion of mdi-volume-producing technologies and consolidation of corporate leadership.  New petrochemical projects to improve industrial chains and contribute to diversification: 1 million tonnes/year of companies
The project is now well under way. The project is complemented by 400,000 tonnes/year pvc, 450,000 tonnes/yearlldpe, 350,000 tonnes/year hdpe, 300,000 tonnes/year pp, 150,000 tonnes/year epoxy, 306.550,000/year.
1. " Mandarin chemistry (600309): mdi po/sm, 50,000 tonnes/year butadiene, etc.. As the project continues, the company ' s diversity leads down the cycle, patiently waits for its performance.
The layout and industry chain alignment will be further refined, and good synergy between petrochemical products and traditional operations will grow. 2018-10-22 will gradually highlight the company ' s combined competitive advantages.
• Profit forecasting and investment rating: we expect the company to return to its net profits in 2019-2021, respectively
3. “Wanhua Chemistry” (600309): from mdi East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, an investment advisory committee on securities is in place