The company's announcement, the company's wholly-owned subsidiary, the company's Henhua Chemical (Hungary) Holdings Limited.
100% of the shares held by the Cornell Investment Group Ltd. (“Conal”) of Gilling City and the European and American Department of Energy Technology Limited (“Swedish International Chemical”) have been cleared. The acquisition is conditional, and in the case of the competitor, contortion.
After fulfilling certain obligations, the total amount of the purchase was about 925 million yuan. The acquisition of Swedish international chemicals to eliminate the risk of the diffusion of mdi technology, the company’s control after Cornell fulfilled its obligations, and the company’s shareholding of Conner weakened competition in the domestic industry, while further strengthening the company’s global leader in the mdi industry.
The company's major assets have been restructured, the governance structure has been streamlined, competition issues have been resolved, polyurethane, petrochemicals, fine chemicals and new materials have been put into production on a continuous basis, there is great scope for future growth, and the acquisition of Swedish international chemicals and elimination of the risk of the diffusion of mdi technologies: the international Swedish chemical industry owns mdi,
tdi, hydrogen peroxide, biochemistry, etc., whose shareholders hold 75% shares in Cornell, Euro-American energy accounts for 100 million yuan, which in 2018 was collected at $88 million, resulting in a net profit of $15 million. Swedish international chemical industry is the only patenter in the world with tdi and mdi isocyanate technology and has publicly transferred it.
After buying all their shares for about $100 million in 2014, Nell became the sixth producer of mdi technology after Dow, Hensmann, Barsf, Koth, and Mandarin Chemistry. This time, the chemical acquisition of Swedish international chemicals not only optimized the company’s research and development capabilities in Europe, but also promoted and upgraded the public.
The Division ' s global industrial competitiveness and further progress towards global monopolization of the icylate technology of the product mix of mdi and tdi, eliminating the risk of the diffusion of mdi technology and raising industry entry thresholds.
Polyurethane series, petrochemical series, Conner Holdings, with a trade voice: when Cornell gets the technology mdi patented, it's announced.
The project to build 800,000 tonnes of mdi in the last state, as well as in the island of Kyon, has not materialized.
The capital holds 55%, 25%, 20% equity, and the registered capital is $2.8 billion. In Fujian Cornell, it is proposed to invest 12.6 billion yuan in two phases of the 800,000 tonnes/year mdi project, one of which will invest 6.6 billion yuan in the construction of 400,000 tonnes of mdi devices and related accessories, which are expected to be completed in the second half of 2021.
As a condition for the acquisition, Cornel will have to adjust the equity structure of Fujian Cornel, eventually achieving 80% ownership in Huohua chemistry, and 20% in Cornell. Huohua chemistry already has 2.1 million tons of mdi capacity, the future domestic capacity of companies can be upgraded by technology, and the United States is building up 800,000 tons of mdi production capacity.
Tens of tons, with more than half of the future added capacity in Conner, to avoid increased domestic competition, and to capture the pace at which the additional production capacity of the global mdi is released to the industry as an absolute leader. New projects are coming into operation, and future performance growth is assured: (1) polyurethane series: the tdi aspect
At the end of the 1880s, 300,000 tonnes/year tdi devices were put into production, with an improvement in mdi ' s domestic capacity expected to be 800,000 tonnes, and 400,000 tonnes of foreign production capacity built in the United States expected to become operational in October 2021. (2) The petrochemical series: total investment in petrochemical phase II was about 17.8 billion yuan, with the main equipment including 1 million tonnes/
Ethylene fission device, 400,000 tonnes/year polyvinyl chloride, 150,000 tonnes/year ethylene oxide, 450,000 tonnes/year ethylene oxide, and 450,000 tonnes/year ethylene ethylene/year ethylene/year ethylene/year ethylene/year ethylene/year ethylene/year ethylene/year ethylene/year ethylene/year ethylene/year ethylene ethylene ethylene/year ethylene/year
The company’s new projects have been put into production in January 2019, and many operations have gone hand in hand, and future performance growth is assured. Given the company’s position as a global industry leader, there is much room for future performance growth, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not made by ... individual clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed for any purpose in whole or part of the report.