In the first half of 2019, the company published its semi-annual report, which generated business income of $31,539 million.
The sharp turnaround in the price of the main product, with performance expected in 2019h1, was mainly due to a sharp decline in corporate profits in the year-on-year ratio due to the average price of the polyurethane series and the respective share of the three main product series: petrochemicals, fine chemicals and new materials.
7.2 percentage points. Corporate sales of petrochemical series products have declined considerably in the same year, mainly because of the decline in total market value/flow (millions of dollars) of lpg trade.
12 months of maximum/minimum capacity impact of new production pc, mma, pmma, etc.
The company now has mdi (2.1 million tons, 24 per cent; an additional 800,000 tons of domestic technology, and a new 10,000-million-dollar chemical tracking point in the United States: mdi’s price increase continues to be 400,000 tons), tdi (550,000 tons, 17 per cent) the world’s top producer, acquiring Swedish international chemicals.
Catalysing, leading technology, parks, integration excellence After the future Connelfort J.m.di project, the leadership was further consolidated and the voice was enhanced.
Despite recent price adjustments for polyurethane products, our market for mdi in the oligopoly market should not be rated as having a similar performance for the year.
2. Million tonnes of Ethylene project was launched in the second half of 2020 and it is worth looking forward to the launch of HDW (600309) " Pacific Chemical " -2019h1, with a cumulative long-term asset construction expenditure of $34,245 million, a share of which is listed as Top5.
We'll take a look at the merger, build a million tons of ethylene, invest a total of 16.8 billion yuan, expand to the c2 industry chain, and be the first to add flowers, and the Chinese chemical giant rises.
One million tons of ethylene class project in the Eastern Province of the Landing Hills, expected to be completed in the second half of 2020, renewable - 2018/06/03 project strengths and implications: (1) addressing mdi, tdi by-product hydrochloric acid bottlenecks (2) addressing ring
Hydroethylene feedstock issues (3) takes full advantage of existing feedstock advantages (4) takes full advantage of existing public utility engineering (5) benefits from the mature global lpg trading system and accompanying facilities, company “ethylene device primary propane” is sufficient, convenient and easy to acquire, company lpg trade experience (6) is rich in ethylene fissures
The choice of degenerating the raw material is, in our view, the best. We're going back at historical prices, and the net profit after taxing the project in 2015-2019h1 is on track, and we're looking forward to future growth.
18.2 billion yuan, equivalent to another existing petrochemical plate, 3.2 billion yuan, and maintenance of the forward profit forecast, the company is expected to make a net return profit in 2019-2021, the company's million tons of ethylene project completes the post-partum period, and the profit center is expected to reach 17 billion yuan, corresponding to the target city.
The report meets expectations and looks forward to future growth.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.