Incident: On 20 August 2019, the company released its mid-term report for 2019: prices of the first half of the company ' s main product, mdi, fell sharply during the reporting period, delaying the company ' s performance in the first half of the year: the company ' s performance in the first half of the year.
The main reasons for this decline were: 1. The price of the company ' s main product mdi was higher than the price during the reporting period because it was affected by frictions in trade between China and the United States; 2. The company ' s petrochemical products, influenced by fluctuations in crude oil prices, also showed a downward trend, with an average price of 7308 yuan per ton for acrylic in Shandong, down from last year.
10.35 per cent; the average price of epoxy propane was $9825 per ton, a decline of 16.82 per cent over the previous year; and the average price of mtbe, a decline of 11 pct to 31.4 per cent over the same period in the first half of the year.
The ring has grown by 1.0%; the overall Māori sales rate is 32.4%, and the ring has increased by 1.8 pct. This shows an improvement in the performance of the Q2 Division as compared to the q1 end. In terms of long dimensions, we believe that the mdi price is now at a historically low level and that the mdi will go up to the center in the future.
The acquisition of Swedish international chemicals, the global landscape is highlighted: in August this year, the company issued a public announcement that its wholly-owned offshore company, Huanhua Chemical (Hungary) Holdings Ltd., had acquired the City of Gilling, Cornell Investment Group Ltd. (hereinafter “Konel”) and European and American energy technologies.
The Swedish international chemical industry is mainly engaged in technology research and development, foreign technology licensing, _aaa_manifest chemistry (600309).
It can be optimized by acquiring Swedish international chemicals.
The company's research and development capacity in Europe promotes and enhances the company's global industrial competitiveness. _aaa_Menwater Chemistry (600309) Triannual Report 2018 Risk factors: high volatility in crude oil prices: weak demand for downstream terminals.