Downstream stock and demand repairs, equity incentives to show confidence in growth. The company released its 2023 report and its 2024 one-quarter report, achieving business income of $4.35 billion in 2023, a 9.6 per cent decline in comparison; and a net profit of $210 million on maternity.
31.0 per cent; net return to the mother ' s margin of $570 million, an increase of 34.5 per cent over the same period. The growth of the company during the quarter was largely due to the return of the dealer ' s stock to healthy and reasonable levels, while downstream demand resumed growth.
During the year, the company led the launch of a new generation of smart conference end products, such as professional audio-conferencing panels, conference room series products, while earl products continued to produce new products in blue-tooth wireless and cable, dect wireless, and improved product matrices. The second and third growth curves are expected to be more competitive and grow gradually.
The company plans to find gold shares in 2023 for every 10 shares. Among them, the restricted stock plan is intended to award a total of 309.96 million restricted shares to 159 people, including company executives, core management, technical (industry) personnel, and so on, at a price of 17.22 per share.
Euro, equity options plan proposed to grant 962.43 million stock options to 270 potential key employees, with the right to move.
“Billion Networks (300628.sz) - Stewardship, Continuous Plus R & D Inputs” - “Billion Networks (300628.sz) - Improved Profitability Rings, Sustained Downstream Demand” Billion Network (300628.sz) - New Business Connectivity Drives Growth, Multilevel Long Impacts
Investment proposals: maintain profit forecasts and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Renovation of downstream channels for company phone operations, conference products and cloud terminal operations are expected to achieve sustained growth, value the growth potential of the company, and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Figure 1: BFW operating income and growth (in millions, per cent) BFW operating income and growth (in millions, per cent) BFW operating income and growth (in millions, per cent) BFW net profit return and increase (in millions, per cent)
Figure 4: One-quarter net profit and rate of increase (in millions of yuan, per cent) for the BFW network, figure 5: Mäori rate and changes in net interest rates for the BFW network, figure 6: Three cost changes for the BFW network for the single-quarter
Figure 8: Multi-billion-dollar network inventory and quarterly movements (millions of dollars). The downstream channels of company phone operations are being repaired, and sustained growth in conference products and cloud office terminal operations is expected to be achieved, taking into account the growth potential of the company and maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors' assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors' past, present or future absence of studies on them