A further validation of the business stoppage, with the release of equity incentives, shows confidence that the net non-repatriation profit of $520 million on 23/04 2024 increased by 49.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
\triangleright revenue increased by 31% from the year to year, with a significant turning point. 24q1 performance over-expected mainly because of the high demand for refilling banks and downstream demand, the dealer stock has returned to healthy and reasonable levels.
The product continues to upgrade, and the second and third curves continue to function. By sub-products, the income of the telephone has fallen by 19% in 23 years, \triangleright.
The revenue from conference products increased by 13 per cent, cloud office terminal revenue fell by 10 per cent, and conference revenue by 34 per cent, corresponding to 6.7 pct. The growth in conference products, cloud office terminals, 24q1 was more pronounced.
In the solution, the product is equipped with the ai technology to achieve full capability and full-scale coverage; the bh series of business assistant Van Woo Bluetooth-Ears has been upgraded and has achieved good-channel validation results. 23 years of company maintenance of high standards.
Research and development investments amounting to 499 million yuan, at a cost of 11.48 per cent. The company continues to grind sound video bottom technology kernels, constantly refines product power and improves the long-term competitiveness of solutions. 24 years of corporate ownership has been launching a new generation of smart meetings, such as professional audio panels, conference room series products, core cameras/mics/speakers.
100 million network depths (300628.sz) report: running the seized end product, while earl products will be introduced in wired, dect wireless, and bluetooth wireless. Cash shares are raised year by year, and equity incentive targets are anchored at a higher rate of increase.
\triangleright 200 million network (300628.sz) performance forecast 2023
300 million Union Networks (300628.sz) tri-quarters of 2023. Assessment: q3 battalion harvests decreased by the same year, and performance repairs sustained. 960,000 stock options (0.08 per cent of total equity) were granted to 270 cadres to be tested in 23 years for 24-40 years.
400 million Federations (300628.sz) for the semi-annual 2023 performance forecast: a decline in performance over the same period, an increase in the number of controlling shareholders, a high-speed target that highlights the firm's determination and confidence in its development.
Investment recommendations: Corporate performance traps are in place, reservoirs and downstream demand are high; core competitiveness is significant, methodological and analytical logic leads to research findings, the present report is presented independently and objectively and is accountable for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.