Wang Qing Dynasty, New Deal, nbv are under pressure and investment earnings are volatile, and China is safe (601318.sh)
Events: China ' s successful release of the first quarterly report of 2020, which generated business income of 32.8172 billion yuan, corresponding to 13.2 per cent, and a net return to mothers of 26.663 billion yuan, corresponding to 42.7 per cent, corresponding to 1 q20 net return to mothers of oy-42.7 per cent, China ' s net return to mothers of 26.663 billion yuan, corresponding to 42.7 per cent in the year 2020, mainly because of: 1) interest market fluctuations and interest rate losses and 2) higher base for the same period last year. 1 q20 operating profits of 35.914 million yuan, corresponding to 5.3 per cent.
New lists and nbv remain under pressure. The value of new operations in the quarter is equal to 24%, new bills and new business values are subject to pressure, and 1) affected by the epidemic, the new single ratio is 16.3%, and the value rate is 33.4%, compared to 3.4 pct, which is due to high-value guaranteed business marketing difficulties and increased sales of easy-to-sale but low-value simple products.
At the end of the epidemic, the number of workers fell by 11.32 million, down by 3% from the beginning of the year. During the period of the epidemic, companies managed to increase their numbers, train, get a guest trade, etc., and they adapted their appraisal systems to reduce their influence on agents.
As capital markets and interest rates drop down, investment returns fall significantly. As a result of the fall in domestic and external capital markets, lower market interest rates, and companies ' adoption of new financial instruments has led to increased volatility in fair value changes, total corporate investment returns have fallen significantly by 60.1 per cent, with annual net investment returns of 3.6 per cent, compared to -0.3 pct, low-risk bonds, and extended asset periods, asset-liability matches have improved and risk reinvesting at lower interest rates has been mitigated.
Non-car insurance growth is strong, and the combined cost rate is optimal. The revenue from the original insurance premium is +4.9% per year for the first quarter, of which the insurance premium for car insurance is the same ratio of -2.2%, resulting from the large volume of new car sales \triangleright \triangleright
Slip, non-car risk growth is strong, with non-motorized vehicle risk of the same +20.9% and risk of the same +19.6%, due to the disease leading to increased health insurance awareness.
Investment ratings: affected by the epidemic, low growth in short-term life insurance, a decline in nbv growth, a drop in investment returns, a fall in human capacity, and a fall in asset liabilities.
\triangleright, however, as companies insist on the development of guaranteed products, on the promotion of excellence, on-line operational capacity is highlighted, health risks are added to the effects of the epidemic and the demand for medical services rises significantly, the dividends are released, and asset-end strategies to deal with lower interest rates are adequate, we expect a gradual recovery of both assets and liabilities after the epidemic has passed.
The previous valuation reflected pessimistic expectations and recommended that attention be paid to the improvement of operations in the second quarter.
In November 2019, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Center, which is responsible for non-monetary financial research.
Wang Jing, a graduate in finance from Boston University in the United States, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2019 to conduct research in the non-banking financial sector. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter, “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy, which the CSRC has granted. This report is produced and published by Sindha Securities.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.