Corporate review report — Insurance industry — China Peace (601318.sh) Core indicators are under pressure and life insurance transition continues to deepen
Recently, the company released its financial report for the first quarter of 2020.
The company ' s performance declined as a result of the decline in total return on investment. 2020q1, the parent operating profit affected by the company ' s operating income of 3281.72 First-latitude volatility and the change in liquidity rate was $35.914 billion, an increase of 5.3 per cent over the previous year;
2) The impact of the new crown epidemic, the pressure on new singles, nbvs, and the expectation of a life insurance transition and an online business model, the impact of the new crown disease on agents, the decline in sales of high-value guaranteed products from companies, and the decline in the value of new singles and new businesses. 2020q1, the ratio of company life and health insurance Nbvnbv was $16,453 million, compared with the decline in the previous year.
Information provided for the preparation of the present report 24 per cent; initial annual premium of $49,188 million for the calculation of the value of new business, a 16.3 per cent decrease compared with the previous year; new business prices; technological advantages and innovative business models to reduce the impact of the epidemic and build on the benefits of post-epidemic client transformation and business development
At the guaranteed business level, life insurance continues to provide clients with guaranteed products and annuity savings products, develop competitive long-term savings products, and provide clients with timely and comprehensive security. At the business model level, life insurance actively expands its operations online, increasing its easy to sell but relative value.
At the agency level, companies adhere to a quality human development strategy, upgrade the online team management platform, and achieve additional staff, training, and training.
The number of personal agents for life safety insurance was 11.32 million by the end of March 2020, a decrease of 3.0% compared to the beginning of the year. 3) Good quality of production insurance operations and strong growth in non-vehicle insurance
In 2001, the revenue from the safe production insurance premium was $72,589 million, a slight increase of 4.9 per cent over the same period, with good corporate management and risk screening capabilities, good profitability at the yield insurance premium, further reduced combined cost rates, and continued to outperform industry levels.
Point. Production risk structure is optimized and non-car risk growth is strong. 2020q1, the share of non-car risk business income is 35.57 per cent, and 4) is influenced by declining stock markets and falling market interest rates, declining returns on investment, falling capital markets within and outside the country, falling market interest rates and companies implementing new financial instrument guidelines.
(c) Investment operations: continued expansion of long-term, low-risk bonds, such as sovereign debt, local government debt, and policy-oriented financial debt, to mitigate the risk of reinvestment during periods of low interest rates; and establishment of flexible asset-liability linkage mechanisms, rationalization
The interest rate is set at the end of the liability, and the interest rate for the asset liability is optimized. (5) The performance of the peace bank is higher than expected, and the growth of credit in public power is greater than 14.8 per cent, compared to the 14.8 per cent increase.
The overall risk to the quality of the bank’s assets is manageable. As of the end of March 2020, the average balance of loans and advances amounted to 2,261,743 million yuan, an increase of 6.91 per cent in the ring, mainly due to a 12.35 per cent increase in the average daily balance of public loans.
6) The fall in returns on investments in asset management, the deepening of technology strategies for enabling business development and disease prevention, the impact of the epidemic and capital market fluctuations, the fall in returns on investments in asset management, the build-up of a higher performance base for the same period in 2019, the net profit on corporate management operations of $2.746 billion, a 45.6 per cent drop in the same period.
The net profit of the company is 903 million yuan, a fall of 9.2 per cent in the same year; the net profit of the safe securities is 834 million yuan, an increase of 22.1 per cent in the same year; the company insists on leading the change of business with science and technology, the strategy of science and technology continues to deepen, and the business continues to grow at a rapid pace.202001, the company ' s total revenues in science and technology business were 198.44 million yuan, an increase of 6.0 per cent.
At the same time, with a safe focus on core technology R & D and autonomous intellectual property rights, corporate science and technology as of 31 March 2020.
Companies actively embrace financial science and technology to lead business change and good business quality. Life insurance transitions continue to deepen, safeguards products are growing, and online business model innovations are accelerating, helping companies respond effectively.
The impact of the epidemic, which will help follow up on the increase in the cost and value of the new insurance policy. We keep looking at the future of the company, combining the company's fundamentals and equity elasticity, maintaining a “recommended” rating, and projecting each share for 2020-2021.