Peace in China (601318): Open door red strategy, add to the impact of the epidemic.
The company, born in 1988 at the Shenzhen Snakegate, the first China-based equity insurance company, has developed into an insurance policy of 100 million yuan, a 42.7 per cent reduction in the same year, and a profit of 35.914 billion yuan, a year-on-year increase in the return to the mother.
Risk, banking, investment in three main businesses, core, and development of financial and Internet finance in parallel with personal money, one of the living services groups. The company is committed to becoming an international organization.
Nbv 16,453 million yuan, or 24.0% less, nbvmargin33.4% less, and leading individual financial life service providers, insist that “the cost of production insurance is 3.4 pct less. The combined cost of production insurance is 96.5% lower, or 0.5 pct less, in the same year.
The concept of technology-led finance, financial services life, through the two models of “integrated finance + Internet” and “Internet + Consolidated gold”, focuses on “large financial assets” and “large financial assets”
The two major industries, health care and health, were created for customers around insurance, banking, capital companies performing less than expected during the quarter, with both end-of-debt and end-of-investment performance below the same product management, Internet finance and four major segments in 2019.
The main reasons for this are the following: “Professional, make life easier” branding experience.
1. The late start of the open door and the impact of the epidemic, the inability of the life-saving strategy to advance the personal financial life service group, which has the closest stake in the advance, and the difficulty of selling high-value guaranteed products due to the disruption of the down-link industry;
Low-value products such as the Golden Risk have been “double-killed” in the opening-up phase of nbv and margin, due to the untargeted accumulation of customer resources in the previous period, a relatively poor sales data, short-term health insurance that increases faster but is relatively modest and reduces the overall Nbvmargin at the end of the liability;
2. More stringent entry thresholds for company agents have prevented them from taking advantage of the opportunities as their counterparts did. Rapid growth, with the size of agents declining five consecutive quarters since the first quarter of 2019.
(a) The 1417 million people at the end of 2018 fell to 113.2 million at the end of the reporting period, and the rate of activity of existing agents decreased as a result of the impact of the epidemic, resulting in lower overall productivity than expected;
3. With regard to production risk, the pace of growth in core vehicle insurance operations continued to slow as a result of the decline in new traffic, but the rate of payment declined because of the lower frequency of travel by residents.
The overall combined cost rate for movable property insurance has fallen by 0.5 pct to 96.5 per cent. However, the rate of non-car operations claims has increased slightly due to sudden-onset factors; 4. As a result of the new crown epidemic, life risk insurance agents have become more difficult to perform, and company marketing costs have increased significantly compared to the same period in 2019 in order to successfully move forward and retain core agents:
5. Global equity markets have performed poorly and a share market has achieved significant relative returns as a result of the epidemic. While corporate investment assets have been spread out, port stock holdings have become a stabilizing factor for investments over the years, the reporting period has been a significant negative factor affecting the rate of return on investment, resulting in corporate total investment revenue in the first quarter of the year, higher than expected global interest rates, higher pressure on fixed-income asset re-allocation, and in the short term it is not possible to mitigate.
The downward trend in the average of the 750-day movement of debt is difficult to reverse, and changes in accounting estimates affect current profits; While there are many difficulties, the company will be on track as the domestic epidemic subsides significantly, and as the global epidemic stops or appears in the second quarter of the year. The company is expected to recover gradually in the second quarter of the year, with an increase in manpower size and activity rates expected before the adoption of the short-term guaranteed product.
We still have confidence in the growth of corporate liabilities throughout the year. As high-value long-term guaranteed product sales return, nbvmargin recovers, and nbv increases throughout the year.
East Hing Stock Exchange reports that China is safe (601318): Open door and red tactics add up to the impact of the epidemic, and the results are not as good as they are.
Liu Jiayan, Bachelor of Arts, Wuhan University, Nankai University, “Mathematics + Finance” complex background. Four years of banking experience, five years of non-banking financial research, two years of banking research. First place in the 13th new wealth non-banking finance industry in 2015 and the 14th new wealth non-banking finance bank in 2016
The fourth team member of the industry; the first in the 9th Crystalball and Silver Finance Industry in 2015 and the first in the 10th Crystal and Silver Finance Industry in 2016 have done his own research. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.