event: Chinese life declared mid-2021, achieving operating income of 55,26001 million yuan, compared with 7.6 per cent, Chinese life (6,1628.sh)
The net profit achieved was $40,975 million, i.e. 34.2 per cent, plus $410.8 net profit, plus 34.2 per cent net profit, resulting from the higher base of sales of open-door red products and the consolidation of insurance requirements in the first half of the year.
The decline in the value of the company ' s new business was evident, as a result of low product sales and a decline in margin.
1.4 ppts. In terms of product structure, the first year of operation of health insurance is higher than life insurance and accident insurance, as a result of a quarterly problem of “restriction” and re-classification of the main insurance products. In terms of value, high-value products, such as severe disease, were sold less than expected and a risk nbv was not available in the first half of the year.
Silver insurance channels are growing at a higher rate, and there is an inflated amount of risk. For split channels, the first year of insurance is a single payment, which drops by 16.5% and drags down the company's insurance premiums. Of these, the first ten years and above is a 3.1 ppts. The premium for silver insurance is brighter than the 20.7% increase, and the new silver policy is the first year of the year.
The company agent changed the China Life Insight Report: Performance of Business Reforms, Valuationers, 16.5% lower than at the beginning of the year. The company's average monthly effective sales of manpower decreased, but performed well.
In the first half of the year, the company was measured to have an average of 5711 Fyp per person per month, compared to 22.1 per cent, mainly due to a decline in human capacity - 32 per cent in the year-on-year ratio, a greater degree of corporate disillusionment, and a marked increase in the number of agents.
With professionalization and professional transformation, the per capita productive capacity of companies is expected to continue to improve.
The net return on investment increased by 8.7 per cent compared to the end of 2020, from 4.33 per cent to +0.04 pptts on a year-on-year basis, thanks to the firm ' s accurate grasp of the fixed-contribution configuration window and a marked increase in the total net return on fixed-duration categories of investment.
Profit projection and investment rating: taking into account the high base for the same period last year, “restriction” has led to early consumption of clients' \triangleright needs, the impact of the declining number of agents, and it is expected that the liability end-of-service premium will be sustained this year
But the quality of corporate agents is expected to increase further as the company’s “rejuvenation of life” strategy and the agent’s “new engineering” reforms continue. At the end of the investment, there is downward pressure on the economy in the second half of the year, and interest rates are expected to drop.
Risk factors: less than expected recovery of the agent industry as a result of the epidemic; loss of personnel as a result of slippage under agent capacity; sharp decline in return for investment due to large fluctuations in capital markets; drop in interest rates; narrow fixed interest rate tool spread space and impact on accounting profits; and move down the 750 mean line
Figure 1: New policy premiums (millions of dollars) and speed increases. Wang Ji Dynasty, Master of Arts, Graduated in International Finance at the University of Duran Enterprises, former Deputy General Manager of the Naval Capital Leasing Industry, and General Manager of the Minhai Leasing Business, was employed in China Xin Xinjiang Portfolio, and in China. Joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019, in charge of non-monetary financial research workers.
Judinin, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, University of Glasgow, United Kingdom, worked in Taiwan's Fu State Securities and Silver Securities, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2020 for research in the non-banking financial sector. Wang Jing, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, Boston University, United States, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019 for research in the non-banking financial sector
Sun Siu, Master of Arts, Bachelor of Science in Economics, University of Hong Kong, University of Hong Kong, April 2021, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre for small and medium-market equity studies. Win Ribang, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, University of Gangan, formerly worked in the Pacific Life Insurance Company Ltd., and joined the Sindha Securities Research Institute in May 2021
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications of the CSRC-approved securities investment consulting business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.