Rapid recovery of operations, 5g construction opportunities Communications (000063) Annual Report 2018 Net profit - $6.98 billion, a decrease of 252.88 per cent in comparison with the previous year; basic per share gain - $1.67.
The q3/q4 company has recovered relatively quickly, with 26,747 million yuan collected in the quarter of q4, an increase of 38.4 per cent over the ring, resulting in a net increase of 1 billion dollars in operating cash flows. For sub-operations, the highest Māori rate and the highest revenue rate compared to the network of operators, a decrease of 10.51 per cent in 2018;
\triangleright has been the top five international patent applications worldwide for nine consecutive years and is the main participant in the 5g standard.
Contributors, 3,000 patents were submitted to provide 5g end-to-end solutions; companies continued to provide strong inputs into product innovation, including 5g wireless, core network, carrying, access, chip, etc.
In 2018, R&D invested RMB 10.9 billion, accounting for 12.8 per cent of operating income, an increase of 0.9 percentage points over the previous year.
The company, as one of the four major equipment operators in the field of global communications, will benefit from a network of 5g operators. In recent times, three domestic operators have announced capital expenditures for 2019, all of which have been earmarked for a 5g investment.
Construction, with industry leading in the business network practice of 5g key technologies, the massivemimo base station is already overstretched as a research assistant: Yang Mye-chan. The average perpe for the past three years is 57 times the average for the same industry.
5g Operators invest less than expected.
Yang Xing, Master of Arts, nine years of professional experience, long-term work in wireless research and development, system delivery, solution marketing, August 2015 joined the People's Association, Mye Xiang, the University of Foreign Economics and Trade, two years of business experience as an operator, and in 2017 joined the civil securities. The author has a qualification in securities investment consultancy or a considerable professional competence, and the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,