Business performance has gradually recovered, industry leaders have gone to the top of the 5g and business development is on track. Corporate overall performance was affected by the United States ban in 2018, with significant losses, including higher-impact consumer performance.
RMB 19.21 billion was collected, a decline of 45.43 per cent. But with the lifting of the embargo by the United States Department of Commerce, company performance gradually recovered, reaching $26.747 billion in the fourth quarter, close to pre-wind income levels; the company expected q1 to realize a net return profit of $800.7 billion to $1.2 billion in 2019, which is higher in recent years.
Overall, the company’s performance is still in line with the city’s expectations, and will gradually restore the power of the industry’s leading firms. The deep focus is on the entire industry chain of 5g, and technological strength is constantly being consolidated.
In the near-distant phase of company operations, R & D investment in core areas such as 5g wireless, core network, carrying, access, chip, etc. has been increased, with a total R & D investment of 10.906 billion yuan, representing 12.75 per cent of revenue, an increase of 0.84 percentage points over the same period the previous year.
The technology is the backbone of the enterprise, and the firm will thus have a deep bottom line. The industry is full-scale, technologically leading, and is expected to benefit from the 5g construction process.
One of the companies with complete, end-to-end products in the communications industry and integrated solutions, the future department will also continue to maintain and consolidate technological leadership around the 5g core, increasing the layout and capability of weak links like chips and basic technology.
Macroeconomic risks, underinvestment by operators, market competition risks, technology risks, etc.
Increased global trade friction has led to an increase in trade barriers in some countries, and these countries have a tendency to buy non-China online chambers of commerce.
Operators may reduce investment spending on the 5g network in the face of falling revenue growth, making industry less developed than expected. In the market, the risks associated with excessive competition among firms in the same area as the communications industry.
The new 5g network equipment and upstream components may run the risk that new technologies will not develop as expected, leading to unrecoverable R & D inputs.