Business is back on track, with 4g solid foundations of performance, 5g more events: the China-China Communications Disclosure Annual Report, which achieved RMB 85.51 billion in operating income in 2018, a decrease of 21.41 per cent, and net profits attributable to the general shareholders of listed companies - 6.98 billion yuan
The US$ 1 billion in fines and operating losses and advance losses resulting from matters referred to in the " Progress on Matters of Major Significance " , issued on 9 May 2018. At the same time, the company issued a performance forecast, with a projected profit of US$ 8-12 billion in the first quarter of 2019.
▪ R & D, with a robust recovery in the second half of the year: 27.526 billion dollars in revenue and a net return on parent earnings in the quarter of 2018, respectively. R & D funding has fallen slightly, but remains high, and R & D has contributed to a rapid recovery in corporate performance. According to performance forecasts, companies are expected to make a profit in the first quarter of 2019.
▪ The advantage of technological deposition, pre-positioning pre-emption: 2018, Mid-Engine communications insisted on innovative drive, actively exploring emerging technologies, working more openly with partners and maintaining deep participation in research and development in core areas such as 5g wireless, core networks, carrying, access, chips.
Industry standard setting, deep vertical industrial chains, layout of 5g mobile phones, edge computing servers to help companies seize upcoming opportunities.  Communications industry continues to expand, 5g commercial boost performance increases: 5g commercial processes are on schedule, frequency
According to the Chinese letter period, developed markets and enterprises are expected to do business in 2020.
The Institute projects that, in 2020, revenues from network equipment and terminal equipment are expected to total approximately $450 billion, that telecommunications operators will invest more than $220 billion in 5g network equipment, that industries will benefit from a triple dividend in the 5g era.
In 2030, expenditure on 5g equipment in all sectors of industry was expected to exceed $520 billion, accounting for nearly 69 per cent of the total revenue of equipment manufacturing enterprises.
Layout, ict platform giants  profit predictions and investment ratings: we're looking at the future of middle-class communications, deep corporate involvement in communications 218-03-05
Industry standard-setting, deep vertical exploration, early deployment in the 5g era, with the ability to consolidate the risk increases, operator capital expenditures fall short of expectations and market shares expand short of expectations.
In 2018, the China-China Communications Network achieved RMB 85.51 billion in operating income, a decrease of 21.41 per cent in the same year, net profits attributable to the average shareholders of listed companies amounting to RMB 698.8 billion, a decrease of RMB 25288 per cent in the same year, and a basic gain of RMB 1.67 per share, resulting mainly from the 1 billion dollars in fines and operating losses resulting from the “embargo events”.
In 2018, the central communications domestic market achieved RMB 54.44 billion in operating income, and the international market earned RMB 31.07 billion in operating income.
The net profit amounted to 564.5 billion yuan. According to performance forecasts, the company is expected to earn 8-12 billion yuan in the first quarter of 2019, and the profits are slightly better than expected.
The network of operators has been the largest, accounting for more than half of the total. During the same period last year, business networks and businesses were less resilient to events, less affected business income and more consumer business.
As a result of cost control and technological innovation, the Māori rate has increased for the third consecutive year since 2016, reaching business cash flows in 2018 after the June events were resolved.
According to the Annual Bulletin 2018, the annual R & D cost of the China-China newsletter was 10,006 million yuan, a decrease of 15.87 per cent from the same year in 2017, the expenditure on communications R & D has remained stable over the past three years, and the cost of R & D for companies has been falling since midyear compared to last year.
As a result of changes in the scope of the merger as a result of the sale of subsidiaries, one step up, China’s communications will be added to the tax before deducting additional R & D costs. Sales costs are $9.08 billion, down 24.95% from 2017, affected by the embargo, and corporate performance.
The dollar represents an increase of 49% over the previous year’s year, while other management costs amounted to $1,151 million, an increase of 79.67% over the previous year’s year’s. Loss recognition due to the termination of financial assets and the recognition of loss of receivable notes.
1.3. Quarter performance is better than expected, firm performance is steadily rising. 2. Technology’s default success advantage, pre-positioning pre-eminence, 2.1. Business competitiveness is on the front line.
In 2018, Mid-Engine communication was maintained in the area of research and development in the core areas of 5g wireless, core network, carrying, access, chip, etc., and it has been working with 30 operators around the world in 5g commercial networks of key technologies. Practice has kept industry ahead, massivemimo-based stations have accumulated more than a million shipments; and Nfv has more than 400 commercials and microchips worldwide.
Poc cases, technological innovations and applications such as comoncore integration core networks, end-to-end web slices, margin computing, etc. are also in the forefront of the industry. On the linear side, competitive in areas such as 5g carrying, light communication, data communication, light access, home information terminals, etc.
Continuing upgrades. 5g with core technical indicators and trial commercial progress kept industry ahead of schedule; in terms of capacity, integration, government and energy, the UsMartcloud cloud platform solution supported users with flexible, flexible, efficient and secure features, serving more than 300 business bureaux worldwide.
In the area of video operations, China-China News pioneered the concept of hyper-video. In 2018, China-China News released a nationally-owned, autonomous high-resolution videoconferencing terminal based on self-researched video-processing chips. 5g Industry applications, China-China Communications has joined operators, partners in large videos, car networking, industry-to-business.
As of December 31, 2018, China has accumulated more than 73,000 patented assets, of which more than 35,000 have been granted worldwide. More than 3,000 have been patented in 5g strategic layouts.
Members of more than 70 international standardization organizations and forums, including 3gpp, iee and others, cumulatively submitted more than 45,000 submissions to the International Organization for Standardization.
During the World Mobile Congress, the China-China newsletter released an es600smec server, which brought artificial intelligence to the edge and significantly increased the ability to calculate the edges. The 5g+ margin calculation is a solution to increase the arithmetic and achieve real intelligence connectivity, and the early layout edge calculation suggests that the middle-surge will remain competitive throughout the 50th century.
China ' s mobile, Chinese telecommunications, and China ' s connectivity have all integrated the terminal board ' s engine room into strategic planning for 5-10. According to the February 2018 statistical report, 70 per cent of businesses will need to calculate their margins over the next two years, and according to the September 2017 sdx forecast that the cod marginal solution would have a market of $300 billion, with significant market space potential.
On December 18, 2018, Mid-Engine News successfully completed its first global 3.5ghznsa group network approach with system-to-end end-to-end connections. The test, based on the 5gnr base station and lite core network products developed autonomously by China-Engine Communications, marked a major step forward in the commercialization of Central-Engine 5g smartphones.
3. Continued expansion of the telecommunications sector, growth in 5g commercial booster performance 3.1.5g on schedule, first year of official commercial warming in many years, combined with increased capital spending by operators, first recovery in capital expenditure since 2015, and entry
Preparation time for construction of 5g, licence plates to be used as a corner for operator investment, and expected operator capital expenses after issuance of official licence plates, according to the White Paper on the Economic and Social Impact of 5g by the China Institute of Information and Communications Technology, it was projected that in the early stages of the 5g commercial phase, the operator would undertake network building, and the revenue from equipment manufacturers from investment in 50 network equipment would be the main source of 50 direct economic output.
As the network continues to improve, the operator’s spending on network equipment is expected to fall from 2024. And as the industry’s 5g equipment is integrated into vertical applications, the industry’s spending on 5g equipment will increase steadily and become the driving force behind the manufacture of related equipment.
In 2030, spending on 5g equipment in various sectors is expected to exceed $520 billion, accounting for nearly 69% of the total revenue of equipment manufacturing enterprises. Communications in the middle of China is in the lead in the domestic market, and based on independent studies by prominent advisory bodies, vum
By the end of 2017, there were about 7.79 million base stations worldwide, and about 4.34 million base stations in China, accounting for 55.68% of all base stations. We looked forward to the future development of communications in China, with companies deeply involved in standard-setting in the communications sector, and in the exploration of vertical industries.
Early deployment in the 5g era, with the capacity to consolidate its flagship position and good growth potential. Subdued friction easing in US-China trade; 5g formally commercialized less than expected;
(b) The market share has not expanded as expected;