Centre for Research on Innovative Technologies and Business Services
On 24 January, Imt-2020 (5g) released the results of phase 3 of the 5g test and the company successfully completed all frequency Nsa and sa laboratory and field tests. On 13 February, the company ' s share price increased.
Technology and commerce remain the core competitiveness of the 5-g age equipment suppliers. After the release of the ban, the company continues to focus slightly on 5g, with R & D power in the 5g-first.
The test process is a significant lead for overseas competitors, testing single-user peak rates at the highest industry level. 1. Rapid recovery of operations, ready to revalue - 3.2 gbps. 5g base stations and fibre-optic cable tenders are launched as the movement moves in the near future.
“The impact of the embargo meets expectations,” company review 2018-10-26, 2. “The impact of the embargo is expected, with an increase in cash flows during the 2019q2 season and a renewed build-up in cash flows for growth in the 5g era.” The company is currently convening a board of directors, which is postponed.
The Fog is dissipating, and the value will eventually appear - the bottom price of 2018 - and the final distribution price will be no less than 90% of the average value of a share transaction for 20 trading days prior to the base date. The proposed increase is aimed at increasing 5g technological inputs and replenishing liquidity, and the conditions will be raised.
Increased certainty, easing corporate financial pressure, and strengthening its technical capacity can be accompanied by a further acceleration of the resumption of public business and the development of its potential savings. q2 is expected to return to a single-season + level in 2019 and complete the period from business recovery to growth.
We believe that q4 of the company’s operators and business q4 have been fully restored, and that the consumer’s business is expected to have a limited impact on the company’s business. According to our model projections, q2 companies are expected to return to 1 billion + levels in 19 years, with a 5g commercial start-up.
Operators ' share in collection is below expectations; operators ' capital expenditure is below expectations; terminal operations are below expectations; relevant report rating ratios are analysed in the market, and the final rating is then calculated on average and used as average market investment