On October 15th, 2021, Research Assistant Yao Jiuhua
▪ Events: On October 15, the Chinese newsletter issued a performance forecast for the first three quarters of 2021; in 2021, the market pattern was continuously optimized and profitability significantly improved: the communications forecast for the first three quarters of 2021 concluded that, as the market pattern continued to optimize, costs and cost controls were effective and profitable.
With a significant increase, we expect a steady increase in business, a rapid expansion of government and business, and a steady increase in both the end of the harvest and the end of the profits. ▪ A strong push for science, technology, innovation, and an accelerated digital transformation: a digital transformation of companies based on digital transformation, research and development, etc.
In September 2021, China Communications signed a strategic cooperation agreement with China Telecommunications International, which will focus on the area of dict, cloudnet services, ict, data centres, internationalization, etc.
In October 2021, the China-China newsletter published a goldendb-based database, which became a joint innovation partner for China's mobile oltp database, working closely with China's mobile information technology centre to efficiently complete the production of information technology centres and provinces.
The company accelerates the integration of cloud networks, the innovation of industry applications platforms, the synergy of networks with cloud computing and margin computing, the gradual convergence of networks with the depth of computing, and the enhancement of innovation in the integration of the int/ct/ot technologies, and the stimulation of integrated lines.
• Fulfilling new opportunities for 5g development and actively building green energy-saving networks: medium-evolving communication is a solid foundation for innovation, mid-year review: high performance, deep engagement in global 5g construction, close access to 5g opportunities for innovative development, taking advantage of various industries
On September 3, 2021, China Coal announced a steady improvement in the quality of its operations, with a ict tap, which will provide a network of 700mhz+2.6ghz integration projects for coal mines in the sea.
221-08-30 Mine 5g core network, carrying equipment and end-to-end solutions for mobile phones. 2 Middle Hing News (000063), i during the reporting period
The company, together with Nanxio, has joined the first end of China's mobile publishing industry to the end of 5 gtsn, which has been the backbone of the new power grid operations, such as power grid differential protection, and the acceleration of new sources of energy, such as solar and wind power.
A strategic cooperation agreement was signed to facilitate the deployment of green power grids and the active deployment of green low-carbon strategies for sustainable development.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: due to the firm ' s strong push for science, technology and innovation and the continuous increase in profitability, we have moved the company ' s forecast of net return profits for 2021-2023 up from $7.94/1222 billion.
We maintain the “buy-in” rating, as new infrastructure, such as government and business, continues to move forward, with digital transitions of constant heat. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. already has a portfolio investment advisory.