The increase in the share of operations benefiting 5g and the increase in the Māori rate were further: the company recently released its three-quarterly report for 2021, which achieved $83,825 million in operating income, close to the maximum forecast, and continued to increase the Māori rate.
The Māori rate has increased further, increasing profitability. The Māori rate reached 38% in the third quarter, an increase of 4.68 percentage points.
The total market value/flow (millions of yuan) of the company for moving and telecommunications is increased.
The highest/lowest share of 12 months in the operator’s major bidding project has also increased significantly. In China’s bid for 700m5g network construction, the company is also the second of the three contracts (three).
China News (00063). 5g shares have been expanded, China has been constrained by chip constraints, corporate tender shares have been raised, and operators (00063) have been able to capture new infrastructure.
At the same time, the increase in the Māori rate and share has led to a sustained price, a major effort has been made to expand the business base and sustain consumer activity.
Values - 2021/03/17 is the company’s two other core lines of business. In 2021, the company continued to increase its investment, pushing the cloud forward.
On the strategic front, the focus is on government, the recovery, the increase in the Māori rate and share has led to sustained convergence, transport, energy, the Internet, and business.
In the case of consumer operations, companies focus on new products such as product series, s series, etc., and plan to invest in 5,000 retail positions in the course of the year.
With corporate strategy, consumer business and government business are expected to become new performance gains for companies Investment proposals: companies, as intc leaders, have for many years adopted 5g as a core strategy, leading technology in wireless, core network, carrying, chip, terminal and industry applications, etc.
In the broader context of the application of continuous innovation in 5g, the advantages of a deep layout, coupled with its continuous innovation strategy, are clear, and we look forward to an increase in the level of profitability. The ability to sell mobile phones is less than expected; and cost controls are less than expected to lead to less than expected Māori rates.
Profit projection and financial indicators: Institute, Beijing, Beijing, West Side, No. 9 North Avenue.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.