Quarterly review of the China-China newsletter, 2021: Business efficiency, profit and gain, 27 October 2021: steady growth in profitability and high performance
In January-September of the year, China’s communications generated business income of $83,825 million, an increase of 13.08 per cent in the same year, a net profit of $5,853 million for the mother, an increase of 115.81 per cent in the same year, and a gain of $1.26 per share in the same amount.
• Actively expanding new markets, new opportunities and continuously increasing profitability: In 2021, China-China News was able to strengthen business expansion in the areas of 5g industry applications, digitization of businesses, automobiles and electronics, based on the three main business layouts of the shipping network, government and consumers, with a view to achieving a sustained and innovative business direction for the future
In 2021, q3 achieved business income of $30,754 million, while monthly cash received by q3 for goods sold and services provided remained at more than 90% and operating cash flows were stable. At the Māori rate, q3 was real in 2021.
The current Māori rate is 38.00 per cent, an increase of 1.18 pp from q2 in 2021 and a steady improvement in the quality of business, with company sales, management and financial costs totalling $11.302 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 12.84 per cent over the previous three quarters of the previous year, and an overall decrease in financial costs.
• Continuous output of atomic power to drive the digital transformation with determination: central communication captures digital transformation opportunities; deep participation in building 5g; active innovation of products and solutions; full-scale ict 1; bridging communication (0000063);
Transformation. The company’s two main markets, domestic and international, network of operators, government and business, and consumer operations q3 performance forecast: profitability maintains good growth. 5g radio frequency, end machine interaction, computational photography, v2x cloud control
The company has entered into strategic cooperation with China’s one-air and upper-air groups, and innovative business such as auto electronics and enterprise digitization has expanded its operational boundaries and helped industries and numbers.
Mid-year review: high reported performance, profitability projections and investment ratings: steady improvement in the quality of the camp, ict flagship performance, as a result of firm adherence to R & D inputs and continuous enhancement of core competitiveness
Profitability continues to rise, and we maintain the company ' s 2021-2023 net return profit forecast as sustained good 2021-08-303, Middle Hing News (000063): one gas,
We keep the “buy-in” rating, as the first-line car factory of the upper-mortality industry continues to sign with the central boom, and we keep the “buy-in” rating.
1. Continue to optimize market patterns, o3 revenues and rising profits
This represents an increase of 13.08 per cent, a net return of $5.853 billion, an increase of 115.81 per cent, and a net gain of $158.25 billion, a net gain of income from non-repatriation. In January-September 2021, China’s communications became the leading global provider of end-to-end solutions, based on technological innovation, maintaining a leading role in products, technologies and solutions, actively promoting business expansion and generating revenue of $83,825 million.
In January-September of the year, the company realized a net return profit of $5.853 billion, yoy+115.81%. q3 net return profit of 1.1. The quality of operations remained stable, cash flow was good 38% Māori sales in the third quarter of the year 2021, up 8.13 pp from the same period last year, compared to 2021.
As the cost of new 5g products is declining, price competition is slowing, and communications are working to optimize the cost structure, the quality of the company ' s operations is steadily improving. Figure 3: Māori rates, net interest rates (%) for central communications sales
Cash received for the provision of services as a proportion of operating income has been maintained at more than 95 per cent, returns have been of good quality, operating cash flows have been stable, operating efficiency and running costs have remained stable over time, research and development inputs have been increasing steadily, corporate cost controls have been stable overall, and financial costs have been reduced overall in the first three quarters of 2021.
Corporate marketing, management and financial costs total $11,302 million. Of this total, the cost-control capacity of the $6,432 million that companies incur will be further enhanced. 1.3. Harnessing digital transformation opportunities to achieve a full transformation of the ict enterprise
Digital transformation refers to the use of a new generation of information technologies to construct a closed loop for data collection, transmission, storage, processing and feedback, to connect data barriers at different levels and across industries, to improve the efficiency of the industry as a whole and to build a new digital economy. The 14th Five-Year Plan and the Vision 2035 outline will “accelerate digital development, build up numbers”
Gsma predicts that mobile users in China will reach 39gb in 2026, with growth mainly due to the contribution of 5g users.
Figure 7: Size of China’s digital economy (Billions of yuan)
5g scale-building, continuous optimization of mainstream overseas products, mainstream market patterns, continuous effort in business, consumer business, and new business, represented by auto-electronics, to provide customers with complete cloud nets, end products and solutions, and complete transformation from ct to ict enterprises.
In April 2021, the new generation launched a global launch of axon 30, leading to the updating of video technology under the screen; and the three leading four-column video flagship axon30ultra, spearheaded by axon30tra.
Launching integrated computing photography. 5g mobile interconnection product sales have broken through 30 countries and regions. Companies’ terminals continue to break through cutting-edge technologies such as 5g radio frequency, end-user interaction, computing photography, and v2x cloud control platforms to advance innovative operations such as 1+2+n in communications, electronics for cars and digitization of businesses, and explore growth paths for the next strategic period.
In July 2021, China Communications signed a strategic cooperation agreement with one of China’s vehicles, and in August, a strategic cooperation agreement with the upper-gas group will be signed with each vehicle.
In-depth collaboration is taking place in the areas of automobile electronics, the 5g industry, digitization, branding, and business management. The emerging information is based on the technological and platform capabilities of the products that lie behind the connectivity and algorithms fields, continuing innovation, expanding operational boundaries, and contributing to industrial and digital economic development.
Profit forecasting and investment ratings have benefited from firm adherence to R & D inputs, increasing core competitiveness, increasing profitability, maintaining a public digital transition without loss of heat, and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Risk of deterioration of the overseas operating environment; risk of intellectual property disputes; risk of income being affected by exchange rate changes; and the Government of the United States of America, Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory committee