Performance was impressive, with three quarters of innovation and a sustained increase in profitability.
According to the company announcement, the company ' s performance in the third quarter of 2021 was slightly above the forecast average, with a single quarter of this year the highest of nearly three years, a 14.2 per cent increase in the same year and a 14.6 per cent increase in the ring.
Revenues have been growing at a rapid rate, with mobile phone receipts increasing by about 40 per cent over the same period, household information terminals increasing by about 90 per cent over the same period, and company servers and storage products having doubled their operating income by the same time in the first three quarters of 2021 and entering headlines in the financial, Internet, energy and other sectors on a scale.
q1 to q3 this year, the company's performance continued to grow at a high rate of 180% for q1-q3 and 38% for the same year. With the firm's 5g base station being built by its operators in the second half of the year, we judge that the company's Māori ratio is still growing and profitability will rise quarterly.
Figure 1: The company's three-quarter-highest smart car in the last three years, with a number of operations going on--
Smart Nets and Car Series (1) China Communications: Global Top of Full Screen Power, Consumer of Consumer Electronics Returned - Value Realization
Line Depth 2 (Consumption Electronics)
The company has continued to strengthen cash flow management in the 9th House of the City of the West Side of Beijing, where the net cash flow generated by its operations reached an all-time high of $11,170 million in the first three quarters of 2021, an increase of 188.7 per cent, while the company has focused on research and development inputs and has continued to strengthen core competitiveness.
>Operator operations: 5g base stations delivered centrally in the second half of the year, focusing on `operator collection' + + + `surge share', kernels focused on rising market patterns and technology levels > 5g base stations delivered centrally in the second half of the year, and operator capital expenditures will continue to grow over the next few years, while telecommunications, mobilea fund-raising
The capital is invested in Cloudnet +5g, and China has indicated that it will focus on high-quality soft lanes, and we've judged that the 5g base station share is expected to continue to increase, driving the operator to continue to grow in business and profitability. According to the Ministry of Trade and Finance, the total number of 5g base stations in the three quarters of 2021 was 1159,000. In the first half of this year, we added 190,000 stations to our 5g base station, compared to China's total telecommunications.
According to China's mobile general manager, Mr. Tung Xiao, it is expected that by the end of the year there will be more than 700,000 sites in the 5g base station, which together will be over 700,000 stations by the end of the year, and that we will have to build more than 1.4 million stations in the country by the end of 2021 and 5g stations in the second half of the year.
Half a year, as base station delivery increases, it is expected to lead to faster growth in corporate operators’ operations. According to company’s official public number, the company’s 5g base station remained in second place globally in the first half of 2021, with its 5g core network ranked second in the first half of 2021: q1’s share in global operators’ markets in 2021: the city.
Field group light transfer products and end-to-end fttp solutions continue to maintain the highest level of leader rating. Wireless products: companies take the lead in publishing the first Wireless Smart Organization of the industry and complete the first commercial network validation in Liaoning Dalian; servers and storage products are continuously rounded up for several years, with successive bids to China in 2019-2021.
The largest share of mobile pc servers has been collected and is currently used in over 40 countries and areas worldwide; In cable products: 5g carrying a full range of end-to-end deployments, with a cumulative shipment of 110,000 end-to-ends up to the first half of the year, building over 400 5g carrier networks; and core routers achieving six-year six steps, winning the Chinese telecommunications cn2 backbone project, China
The mobile high-end router and high-end exchange product collection project, China's mobile cloud pool project, etc.; the business router's share in the domestic market is steady at the top two; in the light transmission area, 200g plus the share of the domestic market is steady at the top two; and on the hard-line side, 10 gponolt has more than 40% of the new domestic market share, and the entire home fibre-optic network has completed more than 20 pilot and commercial projects in the country.
The total capacity of video system users is over 200 million and the market share continues to rise; in the area of communications energy, the full series of 5g power sources has provided electricity security for more than 300,000 5g stations worldwide. In the second half of the year, the company’s high-end routers, high-end switches, servers, and storage were published as part of a company’s operator-scale collection project.
The market share of key products, such as 5g wireless, core network, carrying, etc., continues to rise. Overseas markets continue to optimize the pattern of niche products and achieve healthy operations through market opportunities such as modernization of 4g, new construction of 5g, fibre-optic transformation of fixed grids, network upgrading and upgrading of household broadband products.
Figure 7: Business results of corporate operators: We believe that we should focus on “operator size” and “surge share” of the operators involved in the improvisation of business development at the heart of the business development, and we believe that this year we are primarily relying on “a rise in market patterns and technology”.
In view of China’s continuing success in such areas as operators’ servers, routers, and base stations, China’s telecommunications a-stock listings and China’s mobile proposed a-stock listings will be invested in cloudnets and 5g, and China’s communications are expected to benefit from the core. Consumer operations: high growth in the first half of the year, launching axon30, Shenzhen Head of State, a high-end camera on the first global screen.
A 5g image shop is officially opened, and the future of consumer electronics is expected to grow rapidly. Deep ict technological accumulation and the strong manufacturing capacity of a riparian factory are the basis for companies to develop their consumer business. Over the past 11 years, the R&D has invested more than $12 billion in core technology upgrades.
Construction of 5g fully connected digital plants, with a reduction of 80 per cent in the quality of assembly and detection, a 46 per cent reduction in critical process failures, a 28 per cent reduction in personnel and a 27 per cent increase in turnover efficiency, which has been in operation since March 2020 for more than seven months, a total output of more than $30 billion in 2020, with 5 5 g base stations per minute produced at the 5g production base in Nanjing and a new 5g base per minute produced
Figure 8: Nanjing's plant has led to a significant increase in efficiency and a 80% reduction in the quality of assembly.
In the first half of 2021, the domestic mobile phone market was relaxed and the share of other mobile phones increased, while the 5g mobile phone market grew faster.
During the first half of the year, the market share of the top five head players fell from 95 per cent in 2020 to 82 per cent, with companies focusing on mobile 5g, with a total domestic cellular output of 2,144,000 in September 2021, a decrease of 8.1 per cent compared to the previous year, with 5g mobile phones reaching 1,518,000, representing 70.5 per cent of the total mobile output during the same period, and 5g mobile phones are expected to become a new driver of growth.
The market has always considered the improvised mobile phones to be unprofitable, with no development prospects, and we believe that there is a large gap in expectations.
The machine business will not add much to the cost: (1) Sino-Engine mobile phones can be reused at 5g, with no significant additional marginal costs; (2) part of the production capacity can be reused with 5g base stations, increasing the overall capacity of the company. Mobile technology innovation is already in the lead, and the latest full screen cell phone has achieved three global firsts: (1) the region under screen has reached a high pixel density of 400ppi, which is also the case.
It's a mobile phone on 400 ppi screen worldwide; (2) the product has been certified by German Rhinetuv, Switzerland sgs, and the United States of America, and is a product of Global 1 with three major authoritative eye-guard certifications at the same time: (3) the regular display area and the display area under the screen have a 120-hz screen update rate, which is a 120-hz top-up mobile phone. Three brands have been completed.
Integration, partial online marketing breakthroughs, and the basic layout will be completed during the year of the offline channel: (1) three major brands have been completed for the unified plate, Nubian, Red Demon, human star Liu Ho, leading youth and science skills; (2) combined online, more than 3,000 channels have been set up in the first half of the year, and 5,000+ channels are planned to be laid throughout the year in Shenzhen.
Ten thousand, called "hardware hangers" by the player. Figure 9: Central axon 30 Introduction.
Show better light balance, 7 floors of high-permeability material, 3 floors of special process.
High-pixel material, ai in depth learning, all new independents.
The mobile Internet product 5g and the home information terminal are also growing faster, except for the apparent upturn in mobile operations.
Combined products: cumulative shipments of over 200 million, technology patents close to 1,000 million, products from mbb more than 30 million (self-research chips), 5g mobile Internet terminal operators with the highest global market; 2) household information terminals and innovation integration terminals: growing and maintaining global leadership within the industry, with household information terminals growing across borders and cumulative shipments exceeding 5.4
Billions of wi-fi6 products are commercialized in high-end markets such as Japan, Italy, and Spain. Entrepreneurship in government: six main areas of focus, core products such as servers and storage, databases, data centres, secure office programmes \triangleright
In the area of government and enterprise, companies focus on core product programmes such as energy, transport, finance, the Internet, government and large enterprises, transmission, data center, server and storage products, enterprise networks, secure office, distributed databases, etc., in the public and private markets.
(b) Servers and storage products: headline enterprises, such as finance, the Internet, energy, many winning countries, grid-based collections, and cutting their heads in the Southern Network Technology Innovation Server project;
2) Goldendb: As a mature financial-level distribution database for stable commerce, it has been operating in large commercial banks for more than three years. The heart system has been operating in a stable commercial setting, with cases covering the entire series of State-owned banks, stock-based banks, the Associated Farmers, urban comptoirs and agricultural comptoirs; the first full series supports the million-grade level through the distributed database standard conformity validation test
(c) The full-module data centre: the commercial scale of the programme, with more than 300 project cases globally, prefabricated modular data centres and the market share of indirect evaporation cooling air conditioners products are ranked first in the Internet industry;
4) Safe Office Programme: Comprehensive Self-Research, Digital Transformation of Supported Enterprises, Protection of Business Information Assets, Improved Efficiency, Awarded the German Red Point Design Award 2021: 5) The Nanjing River Smart Manufacturing Base: "Building 5g with 5g" and was honoured with the case of ict China 2020.
Automobile Electronics: In collaboration with a number of car companies, such as a single gas plus a upper car, car electronic logic is fully realized. In the first quarter of this year, the company set up a car electronics line, and in the first half of this year, it co-located with a car company, such as a car, and the auto electronics series continues to be delivered. One gas plus the gas sold at 9.31 million vehicles in 2020, accounting for 37% of the country's total market sales, with two major players.
There is a demonstration effect on cooperation with Mid-Hing, where car electronic logic is fully validated, and where the future is expected to be the preferred partner for domestic car companies, especially head-car companies. Why does head-car companies choose to be hit? According to the Economic Watch, China is publicly offering to provide smart technology to car companies.
In terms of strategic positioning, China has made it clear that it will take advantage of it to expand car electronics and do only “integrated” to enable car companies to succeed with its own capabilities in the area of itt and to be more easily accepted by domestic firms.
In the long history of smart car industry chains, with the power of software to define smart cars, it is gradually forming a complete industrial chain, and the ecological layout is expected to open up a new curve of long-term growth. 1) The central communications agency has 5 g and c-v2x technology; 2) Infertile is the country's first independent intellectual property rights (IPR)-l2+ output breakthrough with a core technological autonomy.
Enterprise, with the capacity to provide adas and autopilot solutions for the entire car factory; 3) Guangdong ' s new pivot and auto operating system, has successfully released three smart driving operating systems and three major operating system solutions in 2020, including domain controllers, smart instrumentation and fota gateways; 4) Midship Smart Motors Limited focuses on new ones
Energy/intelligent passenger vehicles, cross-border acquisition of buses, new smart passenger vehicle production capability is in production. (5) New energy is emerging as a subsidiary of medium-sized communications, mainly as a holistic solution to the supply of car charge for smart network cars, which already has a high-power, wireless charging series and the country's first line of production, and covers wireless charging technology, alien testing, etc. on patents.
The continuing value of strong technology R & D power in new applications is becoming the core competitive strength and long-term growth logic \triangleright The market is generally of the opinion that future growth in corporate performance will continue to depend on a 5g-cycle upswing, leading to an increase in operator business
In the long run, too much attention has been paid to the net profits on the company’s books and to the cyclical nature of the operator’s capital expenditure, ignoring the core technological upgrading that companies have been investing more than $12 billion in research and development over the past 11 years. We believe that the current phase of 5g’s planning and construction, in addition to generating large-scale growth in the operator’s operations, will also lead to a significant increase in the intellectualization of industries and the downstream application of networking technology.
On the basis of this, intensive development of core technologies, such as chips, operating systems and databases, intelligentness, networking and national production substitution processes, will soon accelerate core corporate technologies in the areas of automobile electronics, consumer electronics, industrial Internet, financial science and technology, and new energy sources \triangleright
The company is the leading global provider of the ict solution, and the company's leading equipment provider will benefit fully from the accelerated construction of 5g, while the power of R & D is strong. We see the continued value of the firm's strong technology R & D in new applications. We anticipate that 5g will be built less than expected, smart cars will not grow as expected, trade friction between Central America and the United States, and the new crown epidemic will spread.
In January 2021, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, which covered cloud computing and the production of &idc, the Beijing University of Foreign Languages, Master of Financial Sciences, 8th degree in English. He worked at the Shanghai Steel Federation ' s mri Research Centre, responsible for motor block research. He joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in December 2020.
In July 2021, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre for communications & Internet research, covering such areas as industrial Internet/industrial software, smart network cars, cloud computing industry chains, and the Internet.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.