The second curve grew by 115.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with a net profit of 1.77 billion yuan for the third quarter, an increase of 107.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
1) Income side: q1-q3 achieved revenue of $83.83 billion, an increase of 13.1 per cent in the same year; q3 achieved revenue of $30.75 billion, the highest in the last three years, an increase of 14.2 per cent in the same year, an increase of 14.6 per cent in the ring side, a net increase of $11.17 billion in the q1-q3 company ' s operating activities, an increase of 188.7 per cent in the same year, a historic increase. 2) Cost side: Māori q1-q3 increased in the same year.
The sales/management/research and development cost rate was 29.4 per cent in total, with a flat sales-control rate of 16.9 per cent and a higher R&D rate of 16.9 per cent, with net profit of 3.340 billion yuan, an increase of 130.9 per cent and a higher interest rate of 6.98 per cent, with a significant increase of 3.3 pcts.
\triangleright’s network of operators moves steadily and continuously increases market shares. The company is committed to moving from mainstream to core operators. In the second half of the year, high-end routers, high-end switches, etc., have all made better progress, 5g wireless, core.
The market share of key products, such as networks, carryings, etc., has continued to rise. The second curve of government, terminals, and new business has risen rapidly.
(a) Financial, Internet, energy, etc.. Terminals: cellular homeowners are wide and double-wheel-drived, and the previous three quarters have seen a similar increase in cellular terminal receipts, self-research chips: the domestic market is expected to grow by more than 200% per year and the overseas market by more than 50% per year.
20x/17x/12x, with a high-speed, purple-light, wave information comparable to that of a company, 21-year average pe is valued at 26x (wind unanimously anticipated). Good governance, terminal, and new business second-growth curve development, with a “recommended” rating maintained. Operators’ capital expenditures are below expectations; global 5g construction is not progressing as expected; government enterprises are not expanding as expected; and Central America and the United States are not doing as much as expected.
Trade friction intensified: overseas epidemic prevention and control failed to meet expectations 1. Mid-rise communication (000063); q3 performance increased significantly, and it was seen that the ict tap continued to be released.
Corporate financial statement data projections summarize the great technology enterprises that work/life/communication humans, focusing on hard technology enterprises that are in line with China’s manufacturing development. Bonds, Hua-Tech Ltd., joined civil securities in 2021, with a focus on major equipment, operators, Chinese-industrial chains, industrial Internet, etc.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.