Li Tianfan, with a significant increase in the profitability of the Māori rate, the performance of the third quarter has increased considerably and the industry has recovered with the pace of investment in 5g in the country in the second half of the year.
Improved, flexible performance in the future, with a “buy-in” rating. Profitability continues to improve and performance is higher than expected: in median terms, companies achieved net gains in the first three quarters of $5.8 billion, an increase of 113.86 per cent over the previous three quarters; and net profit of $1,721 million in the first quarter of the 3q.
Optimizing market patterns, business income growth on a year-on-year basis, and a sustained recovery in the Māori rate; and shifting companies to Beijing to up to 90% of communications, recognizing pre-tax profits of about $800 million. If the return on equity investment is deducted, the net profit for the first three quarters is expected to be about $5.15 billion, an increase of 90% over the same period.
The share of wireless network equipment collection has been increasing, and the construction of 5g in China has been increasing: in July of this year, China moved 5g 700m of wireless main equipment and electricity, the company won 30% of the bid, compared to mid-year.
The share of the main wireless equipment collection for the country's 5g phase II mobile network increased by 1.3 percentage points; in July this year, the telecommunications network collected 5g2.1ghz wireless equipment, with the company winning 35.6 per cent of the bid, compared to last year's product mix.
Telecommunications links to the 5gsa main wireless equipment collection have increased by 5.6 percentage points. The company's wireless network has increased its share of the winning bid, leading to a rapid growth in the operator's business. The construction of the 5g base station has slowed down after a delay in the bidding of the domestic operator's 5g bid in the first half of the year.
By the end of August, the country had built 5 g base stations at a cumulative rate of 1037,000, and it was estimated that 5 g base stations were built in July and August of this year, at about 130,000. Given the steady increase in capital spending by domestic telecommunications operators, we expect a new 5g base station to be built in 2022, at about 65-7 million, and 5g in 2022.
The telecommunications industry is still at its peak. The company is expected to continue to benefit from the country's profits forecast, taking into account the rising share of the company's wireless equipment collection and the continuous improvement in the Māori ratio, in a variety of fields, such as chips, terminals, equipment, applications, etc.
This report is compiled by Group Credit Certificate (HKCL), Ltd., and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificate (HKCL) Ltd. are not ... personal clients. This report cannot be duplicated or reissued or reissued.
The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and associated companies may have used or recommended any action on the use of the Report. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may not have taken any action on the use of the Report.
The information and opinions in this report may or may not be changed before the notice is given. The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may have an opinion or stand on the certificate  described in the report, or may buy, sell or offer the certificate described in the report. The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and its subsidiaries and associated companies may buy the certificate in the report on their behalf or on behalf of others;@. This report ... is not intended to sell or induce customers to trade in the certificate mentioned in the report.
15 October 2021