The country will be at a peak of 5g in the second half of 2021, with firm performance growing with certainty.
According to the company announcement, the median return net profit was 5.8 billion yuan in the first three quarters of 2021, an increase of 113.86 per cent in the same year, and 1.7 billion yuan in the second quarter of q3, an increase of 101.33 per cent in the same year. This year q1 to q3, values. Since 2020 q2, the company ' s Māori rate and net interest rate have continued to rise, with operations in the second half of the year.
We've been working hard to build 5g base stations, and we've judged that the company's Māori rates and net interest rates still have room for upscaling, profit-making, Chiang Yung's smart car, and a lot of business continues to land--
Smart Nets and Car Series (1) China Communications: Global Top of Full Screen Power, Consumer of Consumer Electronics Returned - Value Realization
Line Depth 2 (Consumption Electronics)
House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the west corner of Beijing City, the operator's business: 5g base station in the second half of the year, focusing on “operator collection” + “diplomatic share increase”, nuclear concern about the rise in market patterns and technology.
In the second half of the year, when the 5g base station is delivered centrally, the capital expenditure of the operator will continue to grow over the next few years, while telecommunications, mobilea fund-raising will be directed to cloudnet+5g, and China, which is an indication that it will focus on high-quality soft lanes, will be judged that the 5g base station share is expected to continue to increase, driving the operator's revenue and profitability to continue to grow. According to the Ministry of Information and Communications, the 5g base station in the country has accumulated.
On the other hand, according to the data from China's telecommunications general manager Lee Jung-woo's public address, it is expected that by the end of this year, the size of the 5g shared base station will exceed 700,000, and according to the data from the Chinese mobile general manager Dong-jung's public address, it is expected that by the end of the year, the 5g base station will exceed the above-mentioned information, and that we will have to build more than 1.4 million stations in the country by the end of 2021 and will need to be built in the second half of the year.
Over 440,000 stations, 5g base stations, are expected to lead to rapid growth in corporate operators’ operations in the second half of the year as base station delivery rises. According to global telecommunications investment, overall growth has been smooth, and the number of operators investing in the 5g network has continued to grow, adding 11 countries and 29 operators in December of the year, according to corporate announcements.
According to the company ' s official public number, in the first half of 2021, the company ' s 5g base station continued to have the second highest global volume of shipments, with its 5g core network ranked second in the first half of 2021; its q1 global operator ' s market share ranked second in 2021; and its urban clustered light transfer products and end-to-end ftp solutions continued to maintain the highest level of leader ratings.
(a) On wireless products: the company took the lead in publishing the first Wireless Smart Organization programme in industry and completed the first commercial network validation in Liaoning Dalian; servers and storage products have been collected for several consecutive years by round-the-board operators, with China ' s largest share of mobile pc server collection in 2019-2021, currently applied to over 40 countries and regions worldwide;
In the area of cable products: 5g carrying a full series of end-to-end deployments, cumulative shipments of 110,000 end-to-end products up to the first half of the year, construction of over 400 5g load networks; core routers six years in six steps, winning China Telecom Cn2 backbone network project, China Mobile High-end Routers and High-end Switches product collection project, China Mobile Cloud Pool project, etc.; operational routers in the country
The share of market collectors has remained steady at the top two; in the area of light transmission, 200g plus the share of the domestic market at the top two; in the area of fixed network access, 10 gponolt has more than 40% of the new market share in the country and the entire fibre-optic network has completed more than 20 pilot projects and commercial operations in the country.
Figure 4: Corporate operators' business outcomes, we believe that we should focus on "operator size" and "diplomatic share" of the operators involved in the improvisation.
At the heart of the development of the operator’s business, we believe that it is mainly by “upgrading market patterns and technology in the middle”, and this year we see a sustained breakthrough in the areas of the operator’s servers, routers and base stations, where China’s telecommunications a-stock listing and China’s mobile proposed a-stock listings will be invested in cloudnet and 5g, with China’s communications being expected to benefit from the core.
Consumer operations: High growth in the first half of the year, the release of axon30, a top-of-the-board video flagship, and the opening of a 5g image shop in Shenzhen, with the prospect of rapid growth in future consumer e-business.
The Department invested over $12 billion in research and development to bring about a core technological upgrading, and the Nanjing River factory built a 5g full connection to a digital plant with a reduction of 80 per cent in the rate of quality detection, a reduction of 46 per cent in the rate of poor performance in critical processes, a 28 per cent reduction in staff, a 27 per cent increase in turnover efficiency, and an official launch in March 2020 for more than seven months.
The total output in 2020 was more than $30 billion, with the 5g production base in Nanjing producing five 5g base stations per minute, and the production of each new smart phone within one second.
In the first half of 2021, the domestic mobile phone market was relaxed and the share of other mobile phones increased, while the 5g mobile phone market grew faster.
In the first half of the year, the market share of the top five head players fell from 95 per cent in 2020 to 82 per cent, with companies focusing on mobile 5g, with a total domestic cellular output of 24.306 million in August 2021, representing a 9.7 per cent decline in the same year, of which 5g cellular output was 17,688,000, accounting for 72.8 per cent of mobile output during the same period, and 5g mobile phones are expected to become a new growth driver.
Flagship-driven, high-end flag aircraft with high unit prices, including axon and Nubian mobile phones at the upper end of location ($3,000-$8,000) and 5g mobile phones at the entry level ($600-2500). The market has always considered the middle-rise mobile phones to be unprofitable, with no prospects for development, and we believe that there is a large gap in expectations.
The machine business will not add much to the cost: (1) Sino-Engine mobile phones can be reused at 5g, with no significant additional marginal costs; (2) part of the production capacity can be reused with 5g base stations, increasing the overall capacity of the company. Mobile technology innovation is already in the lead, and the latest full screen cell phone has achieved three global firsts: (1) the region under screen has reached a high pixel density of 400ppi, which is also the case.
It's a global high-pixel cell phone of 400; (2) the product has been certified by German Rhinetuv, Switzerland sgs, and the United States of America, and is a product of global-level 1 with three major authoritative eye-guard certifications; (3) the regular display area and the display area under the screen have a 120-hz screen update rate, which is a global first 120hz update. Three brands have been completed.
Integration, partial online marketing breakthroughs, and the basic layout will be completed during the year of the offline channel: (1) three major brands have been completed for the unified plate, Nubian, Red Demon, human star Liu Ho, leading youth and science skills; (2) combined online, more than 3,000 channels have been set up in the first half of the year, and 5,000+ channels are planned to be laid throughout the year in Shenzhen.
In addition to the apparent increase in mobile phone operations, 5g mobile interconnected products and home information terminal products are also growing faster. 1) Mobile interconnected products: cumulative shipments exceed 200 million, technology patents close to 1,000 million, and products from mb are shipped over 30 million (self-research chips).
5g mobile Internet terminal operators have the highest global market share; 2) family information terminals and innovation integration terminals: sustained growth and global leadership within the industry, with household information terminals growing across borders with a cumulative delivery of over 540 million and w-fi6 products commercialized in high-end markets such as Japan, Italy and Spain.
Government business: in six main areas of focus, with wide application of core products such as servers and storage, databases, data centres, safe office programmes
Core product programmes, such as hearts, servers and storage products, enterprise networks, secure office, distributed databases, etc., are widely applied in the political and business markets and form a good cloud web biosphere. 1) Servers and storage products: access to top-level enterprises such as finance, the Internet, energy, etc., with multiple hits on the national grid.
(ii) Goldendb: as a mature financial-level database to stabilize business leads at the national level, has been operating steadily in large commercial banks for more than three years, with cases covering State-owned majors, stock-based banks, the Union of Agriculture and Trade Unions, urban comptoirs and farmers.
Businesses full series of banking operations; the first full series supported a million-grade package of cumulative core business transactions of over 300 million users and 300 million days of core transactions through distributed database standard conformity validation tests; and the first was a modular data centre: programme scale commercial, with more than 300 project cases and prefabricated modular data globally
Centre and indirect evaporation of the market share of chilled air-conditioning products are ranked first in the Internet industry; 4) Safe Office Programme: full self-research, digital transformation of enterprises, protection of business information assets, efficiency gains, German Red Point Design Award 2021;
5) Nanjing River Smart Manufacturing Base: "Build 5g with 5g" and won the case of ict China 2020. Automobile Electronics: in collaboration with a number of car companies, such as a single gas plus upper gas, car electron logic is fully realized.
With a total of 9.31 million vehicles sold in 2020, accounting for 37 per cent of the country ' s market, two major players have demonstrated their collaboration with Midheaven, and the central car electronic logic has been fully validated, with the hope that the future boom will be the preferred partner for domestic car companies, especially head-car companies.
Why do head-car companies choose to win? According to the Economic Watch, while publicly offering suppliers of smart technology to car companies, China relies on its accumulation of ict over the past three decades, with both strong ict technical skills; and, in strategic positioning, it is clear that it will have an ict advantage to expand car electronics and only be "incorporated."
With its ability in the ict field, it is more likely to be accepted by domestic drivers. China’s telecommunications have long been deployed in the smart car industry chain, with the power of software to define smart cars, and it is gradually forming a complete industrial chain with an ecological layout that is expected to open a new curve for long-term growth.
Supercount, as an autopilot technology research and development provider, became the first enterprise in the country to have an autonomous core technology intellectual property right, i.e., a volume breakthrough, with the capacity to provide adas and autopilot solutions for the entire factory; 3) Guangdong New Point, a vehicle operating system, successfully released three smart driving operating systems and released in 2020, including domain controllers,
Three major operating system solutions, including smart instrument and fota gateways; 4) Mid-Engine Smart Motors Limited focuses on new energy/smart passenger cars, cross-border acquisition of buses, and new smart passenger vehicle production has been put into production. 5) New energy in the middle is emerging as a subsidiary of medium-Engine communications, mainly as an overall solution to the supply of car charging for smart network cars, which already has great power.
The continued value of the power of strong technology R&D in new applications is transformed into a core competitive strength and long-term growth logic \triangleright \triangleright
There is a general perception in the market that future growth in the company’s performance will continue to depend on a 5-g-cycle upswing, driving the growth of the operator’s business, focusing too much on the net profits on the firm’s books and on the operator’s capital spending periodicity, ignoring the core technological upgrading that the company has been investing more than $12 billion in research and development over the past 11 years. We believe that at this stage, the 5g is planned to be invested, except for the operator’s business.
In addition to the growth in scale, it will lead to a significant increase in industrial intelligence and downstream applications of networking technologies. Companies, based on their business as operators, are actively developing core technologies such as chips, operating systems and databases, intelligentness, networking and national production substitution processes, and will soon accelerate core corporate technologies in automobiles and electronics, consumer electronics, industrial Internet, financial science and technology, and new energy sources.
\triangleright, a leading global provider of ict solutions, will benefit fully from the accelerated construction of 5g as the lead equipment provider, while research and development is strong, and we appreciate the continuing value realization of the firm ' s strong technology for research and development in new applications.
5g built less than expected, smart cars developed less than expected, trade frictions between China and the United States and the spread of the new crown epidemic.
Research. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in December 2020 for the communications & Internet industry, covering, inter alia, car networking, goods networking, operators, Internet, etc. Qui-yang, Master of Engineering, Software Engineering, Beijing University. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2021 for communication & Internet.
The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the CVM.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.