q3 shows a significant increase in performance, and looks forward to a sustained release of the ict tap profit, a significant improvement in performance and a sustained increase in profitability.
The Division continues to optimize the market pattern, according to the dell'oroggroup, the second largest global shipment of the company's 5g base station in the first half of the year, with the second largest global revenue from the q2 core network, with the global share of the q2 owner-equipment rising by 0.4 to 10.5%. The self-research chip business has significantly reduced its costs, while the 5g product share of the drive-to-morigin rate has been steadily improving and overall profitability has increased significantly.
\triangleright 1) network of operators: capital expenditure by domestic operators amounted to approximately 37 per cent of the year ' s plan, with 5g industry chaining in the second half of the year
The acceleration of the recovery, with some delays in the collection of 700m and 2.1g5g base stations, is reflected in the forecast for the second half of the year, and the firm's performance is largely solid. (2) Government and enterprise: bringing together key industries, absorbing core products, actively setting up new infrastructure, 5g applications and upgrading the digital transformation of enterprises. 3) Consumer operations: mobile phones +
Home wide double-wheel drive, increased terminal-channel construction, plans to build 5,000 new retail positions in 2021. 4) Innovative business: Autoelectronics and a number of car companies, including one and upper ones, have entered into strategic cooperation and continue to use ict technology enablers. 20x/17x/13x, selecting fire communications, purple shares, wave information as comparable companies, with an average pe value of 35 x 21 years
We believe that the chip shortage of the first half of the year to date has not affected the delivery of the company's products, but rather that the self-research chip business has further enhanced the company's profitability, that capital spending in the second half of the year has driven the recovery of the 5g industrial chain, and that q4 and 2022 are expected to continue to grow around the clock, while we look forward to good competition as the company's ict leader.
First-time coverage, “recommend” rating. Operators’ capital spending is below expectations; global 5g construction is not progressing as expected; government and business expansion is not expanding as expected; and Central America’s trade friction is intensifying: overseas epidemics are not being controlled as expected.
Great technology enterprises in human work/life/communications, focusing on hard technology enterprises that are in line with China’s manufacturing development. Bums, Hua-Tech, Ltd., joined civil securities in 2021, with a focus on major equipment, operators, Chinese-owned industrial chains, and the industrial Internet.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,