Weight Chul Wang, the heat and summer power growth, the 618s are doing well.
High-temperature warning in the city of Doh Province and good air conditioner sales in Hebei, Qingjia, Beijing, Inner Mongolia and Henan: Since 14 June, high-temperature red alerts have been issued successively in various provinces and cities, with some regions with the highest levels of temperature rising to over 40 degrees Celsius.
In the North, where air-conditioning holdings are generally lower than in the South (for example, data from the 2021 Statistical Yearbook show that 198.5 air-conditioning units per 100 households in Zhejiang province, compared to 114.1 in Hebei), we believe that this year ' s hot summer will boost the sales and holdings of air-conditioning in northern cities.
On June 9, four departments issued a circular on the promotion of green smart household electricity consumption in 2023, which will increase awareness, promote green smart household electricity consumption, and promote green smart household electricity consumption.
We have also recently seen local subsidies and household voucher policies in Zhejiang, Hubei, Nanjing and other provinces and cities that promote household electricity consumption, and we believe that, under policy guidance, it will contribute to the recovery of domestic electricity consumption and contribute to domestic electricity products such as company air conditioning.
“618 big push” sales are growing fast: the effect of the heat summer on the end of the air conditioner has been reflected in the “618 big push” data, which, according to the Ovi Clouds Network, generated a rapid growth of 41.1 billion yuan and yoy + 38 per cent of the total volume of air conditioners during the “618 big push” period.
According to the company's 618th war report, sales were over $9 billion during the company's campaign, with Sky Cat investors accounting for the share of the circulation a. The sales of desktop air conditioners increased by 49 per cent over the same period, the sales of the Kyoto platform air conditioners increased by 30 per cent over the same period, and there was a twitching.
The commercial air conditioner class is ranked first in the sales list. The company’s better sales of air conditioners during the campaign will help increase the performance of q2 by eight and seven times, respectively.
The sale, and the current low price of raw materials such as copper and aluminium, would also benefit the company’s increase in the Māori rate. In addition, the company’s better allocation of dividends makes the rate attractive, and the current valuation favours the report, which is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.