22 years of performance pressure, 23 years of q1 contract liability growth positive G. Electrics (000651) 2022 and 1-quarter 2023: company annual report 2022, yielding gross operating income of $19.151 billion, up from the same period in the previous year
(b) Net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $4.109 billion, an increase of 2.65 per cent over the same period in the previous year.In the fourth quarter of 2022, company performance was disturbed by the epidemic; and in the first quarter of 2023, corporate performance changed.
Good. On a quarterly basis, in the fourth quarter of 2022, companies achieved a gross operating income of $41,807 million, compared to the overall pressure of electricity sales, and market competition intensified, with a massive epidemic in the country in December, which had a negative impact on company operations and consumer consumption, with companies performing in the fourth quarter of 2022.
In terms of profits, despite a fall in performance in the fourth quarter of 2022, the year-round real growth of over 6 per cent has continued to improve. In the first quarter of 2023, the company achieved a gross operating income of 356.92 roe (ttm)
According to the sub-business, in 2022, the company ' s air-conditioning operations showed a small increase in revenue. In 2022, the power air-conditioning, industrial products, green energy, small household power, smart equipment operations generated $134,859 million, the external environment of 75.99 was poor, and the sales market fell significantly, but the company continued to expand and improve.
The product line, the air-conditioning business have grown in reverse and won the industry. According to the China Central Air-conditioning Industry Grassroots Study 2022, published by i Media Warm Air-Conditioning and Heat Pumps, the Goli has taken the top position in the Central Air-Conditions Market in 2022 on a market scale of more than 20 billion, maintaining the market for 11 consecutive years.
In 2022, the company ' s income from industrial production more than doubled, mainly because of: compressors, targeting of elite customers, internal marketing and overseas marketing strategies based on seasonal changes in products: electric power, server sales.
Nearly three times the increase, with high-efficiency magnetic retarder headlines and domestic and international headline customers having achieved bulk billing; in the paint line, the focus was on opening up markets in high value-added areas such as new energy vehicles, electronic components, leading to higher overall profitability; and in the capacitation, straight-flow thin film capacitation had increased by three times as much as it had been successfully developed.
In addition, the company’s green energy business has grown significantly, mainly as a result of the company’s development of key technology research and products in new energy appliances and near-user-side energy Internet systems, and the concerted construction of new eco-systems for energy informatization and in-direction.
The company ' s Māori ratio is optimized, with an increase in contractual liabilities in one quarter. q4 in 2022 and q1 in 2023, corporate investment proposal: companies are driven by science, technology and innovation, guaranteed by product quality, comprehensive and deeper reforms, accelerating the intellectual transformation, building on the domestic power industry, steadily expanding diversified and new businesses, and maintaining high quality.
The “positive” investors are only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “middle and high” risk, and “radical” investors are fit to use their own qualifications or considerable professional competence, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that they know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects their own research views and is free from the company's relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.