Incidents: company reports in 2022 and one quarterly report in 23, 22 years of total company sales \triangleright glycerine (000651)
q1 battalion growth rate, with industrial manufacturing growing across the board.
In 22 years, the income from industrial products reached $7,599 million, representing the same share of corporate revenue as +2.32 pct to 4.02%.
The components, precision molds, etc., all have a strong industrial manufacturing capacity, and 22 years of corporate acquisition of shield and environment have further improved the supply chain layout. In addition, corporate green energy revenues have grown steadily, accounting for an increase in corporate revenue +0.94 pct to 2.49%.
By actively exploring new business areas such as semiconductors, renewable resources, medical health, prefabricated vegetable equipment through a diversified layout, the company is expected to offer more possibilities for revenue growth. 22 years of company sales, management, R & D, financial costs are equal to -0.19 ptt, respectively.
+0.63 pct, -0.03 pct, +0.04 pct, sales and R & D rates have declined over 22 years, the main reason for the increase in administrative cost rates is the merger of enterprises not under the same control, and the 22-year firm ' s real real net profit of 12.97 per cent, compared to +0.69 pct.
There has been an increase, but it has benefited from an improvement in the Māori rate, with companies achieving a net return profit of 11.59 per cent, compared to +0.24 pct.
Total accounts receivable and receivables at the end of the 22-year period amounted to $14.832 billion, compared to the beginning of the period, itd+7.16 per cent, and at the end of 23q1 accounts receivable and receivables amounted to $17.380 billion, compared with the beginning of the period
At the beginning of the period +5.81 per cent of the q1 stock level or the company ' s sale for air conditioning, in the 9th House of the City of the West Side of Beijing, mainly as a result of the increase in cash received for the sale of goods and the provision of labour.
Profit forecast: According to industry online data, 23q1 domestic air conditioner market sales were equal to +5.2 per cent, \triangleright sales equal to +16.7 per cent, which we believe is a leading domestic air conditioner manufacturing firm.
The company is expected to benefit from a follow-up recovery in demand in the air-conditioning sector. In addition, it is expected to support its long-term growth through a dynamic industrialization process that will diversify into new energy sources, smart equipment, and so on.
\triangleright has risen dramatically, competition in the industry has increased and new products have not been developed as expected.
New wealth in 2015 and 2017. In July 2020, it joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is a researcher in the domestic electricity industry, Yoon Sung-dy, an assistant research assistant in the domestic electricity industry. Master ' s degree in regional economics, University College of London, double master ' s degree in economics, University of Covinius, Budapest, bachelor ' s degree in finance, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, two degrees in Spanish.
Certificates, research in the household appliances industry, covering, inter alia, white power, small household electricity, and parts and components. Yoko, member of the team. Master of Financial Sciences, Bachelor of Economics and Business, University College of London. Joined in 2022 as a member of the Portfolio, in research in the household appliances industry, covering, inter alia, cleaning appliances, cooking plates.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.