Medical Murray (300,760) Medical biomedical devices 3rd quarter performance meets expectations and business efficiency continues to improve
Incident: On the evening of 19 October, the company issued its third quarter report for 2021: the first three of which, of which, the company achieved $6,613 million in operating income in the third quarter of 2021, increased by $1 billion, and by 17.70 per cent in the same year.
The domestic market is growing rapidly, the demand for routine diagnostic procurement is recovering, and the regional dimension is driven mainly by domestic market-driven growth. As the new crowning epidemic poses a huge challenge to the country’s medical treatment and disease control system, the country’s attention to health-care inputs is growing.
Total equity/flow (million shares) has increased as never before, with a new health infrastructure led by the expansion of large public hospitals in total market value/flow (millions)
In parallel, local governments are firmly committed to implementing the national anti-epidemic measures, with a 12-month high/minimum level, except for localized outbreaks, where the overall situation remains stable and hospital-based.
The return to normality of routine clinical activities and companies' operations, which were driven by two factors, led to a high rate of growth in the domestic market during the reporting period.
The restoration of production line dimensions, medical consultations in domestic and some international regional hospitals and progressive repurchase of shares in routine procurements to demonstrate management confidence has led to a sustained recovery in the need for routine diagnostic procurement, such as ultrasound, blood cells, biochemistry and lighting.
–2021/08/26 The two main areas of operation, active medical imagery and in vitro diagnosis, achieved high growth during the reporting period.
Thanks to the gradual development of new domestic medical infrastructure and emerging operations such as aed and micro-surgery reports: acquisition of raw material suppliers hytest, high-speed energy, which allowed for a good growth of vital information and support operations during the reporting period
Business efficiency continued to improve, with net interest rates raised by 0.98 pct to 34.37 per cent in the previous three quarters.
Review: The high growth in non-net profits of 21q1 was mainly due to exchange rates (a quarterly average exchange rate depreciation of 5.7 per cent over the previous period) and freight (part of freight costs from 35 per cent), with global visibility rising to the background of subsequent developments
The impact of the previous transfer of the “costs of sales” to the “costs of doing business” was eliminated - 2021/04/29 14.65 per cent due mainly to the increased branding effect and influence created since last year's epidemic,
The same input sales were more efficient, and the recovery of the maritime freight ratio from the same to the same increase in freight costs resulted in optimization of the freight structure; a reduction of between 0.20 pct and 3.83 per cent in the management rate from the same to the benefit of efficient economic management; an increase of between 0.46 pct and 8.59 per cent in the research and development cost rate from the same to the same; and a lower financial cost rate.
Changes in profitability in the first three quarters of 2021: overall Māori rates, sales rates, management fees Companies continue to ensure high R & D inputs, with R & D investment of $1.79 billion in the first three quarters of 2021, an increase of about 19 per cent compared to the previous quarter, a steady increase in product abundance and continuous innovation, especially in high-end areas
In the third quarter of 2021, the company launched a series of innovative products and solutions that can create significant clinical value for health-care workers. In the area of life information and support, the department launched a new platform operating bed of hybasev8(ce) and hyportr80.
New products such as cce/cfda, 4k digitized operating theatre (cfda), single puncture piercing/Hansen punctures (ce), incision protection (ce) etc. In vitro diagnosis, the company has introduced mc-80 full automatic cell morphology analysers, cl-80000i fully automated chemical photoimmunisation analysers,
bs-2800m for new products such as full-automatic biochemical analysers. In the field of medical imagery, the main initiatives are the ultrasound integrated application solution “Kunlunr7” and the women and children application solution “Women r7” for profit projections and investment ratings: companies are strengthening product research and development innovations across the board, and international camps at home.
A combination of multiple capabilities, such as marketing outreach and localization, to seize the historic opportunity of scaling up medical inputs globally in the post-epidemiological era, to expand the success of clientele breakthroughs, and to continuously improve the competitiveness and market penetration of companies: at the same time, to continue to improve the quality of internal management and improve the efficiency of operations.
In order to sustain a healthy growth in operating income and net profits over the long term, the risk of exchange rate fluctuations: industry policy risk: the risk of falling product prices; profitability projections and financial indicators:
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report