Medical Health Research Centre Medical New Capital Growth with full momentum of new products (+81 per cent); N$ 6,544 million (+24 per cent) in non-repatriation net profit compared to 2019 (+81 per cent);
On a quarterly basis, operating income in the three quarters of a single quarter was $6,613 million (+20 per cent), compared to $2019 (+58 per cent) and $2019 (+18 per cent) compared to $2019 (+73 per cent).
Rapid business recovery and progressive realization of the market incremental space driven by new infrastructure for health care. The domestic market is a performance of 2021a212. The Enlightenment Land, where the company ' s high school targets are expected to grow, is driven mainly by the company ' s new infrastructure needs, which benefit from the expansion of public hospitals, on the one hand, and the company ' s new infrastructure needs, on the other.
Aed and emerging operations such as micro-inventive surgery, with high speeds leading to a steady growth in life information support operations National Production Substitution-Mary Medical Incident Review, long; on the other hand, the situation of the epidemic in the country is stable, and in-patient consultations and routine procurement are becoming more normal.
In the context of increased global medical investment in the future, 3. Half-year expectations, stock buy-backs highlight growth, and companies are expected to take advantage of historic opportunities to continue to grow rapidly.
Sales efficiency, high investment in R & D, stable management rates, and improved profitability. Formerly 4. After the Epidemic, Murray opened up to growth abroad and abroad. Three quarters of the net return profit grew by 35% in 19-21 years, faster than three years of compound growth in business income.
New Situation - Murray Medical Insight Report, 2021.8.25 10pc, mainly due to the epidemic, which led to lower down-the-line roll-out costs, increased marketing efficiency through brand influence.
As a result, management and R & D costs have remained stable, with R & D investing about 1.79 billion yuan, an increase of about 19 per cent over the previous three quarters, maintaining a consistently high level of investment. The company ' s overall net profit rate was 34.36 per cent, an increase of 0.97 pct over the previous three quarters, and profitability has been optimized.
The company’s efficient research and development and precision of clinical needs drive rapid product rotation and break-through in high-end areas, with multiple new products being introduced at all three production lines in the third quarter. The acquisition of seagull organisms fills in the country’s in vitro diagnosis.
We keep looking at the company’s innovative power, without taking into account the profits of the M & A bid, and we expect the company to realize net return profits in 21-23 at 8.305 billion yuan, 10.160 billion yuan and 12.293 billion yuan, respectively.
The company’s profits in the first three quarters grew faster than business income, maintaining a robust overall growth rate, rising net interest rates year after year, and growing profitability. The Māori rate is 65.60%, with a slight impact on freight adjustments in accounting standards.
With the stimulus of the epidemic, increased investment in global health infrastructure, and the historic opportunity for companies to develop, from a domestic perspective, with an excellent combination of products, channels, etc., the company has achieved a remarkable improvement in its performance in the new health infrastructure, which is dominated by the expansion of kilometres of health facilities, with the traditional three main lines of production.
The company’s animal medicine, micro-surgery, orthopaedics, aed, etc., have gradually begun to grow and will grow. Sales rates are optimized year by year, and management rates are stable.
The decline of 2.94 pct over the same period is due mainly to the impact of the epidemic on lower down-the-line extension costs, increased brand influence, and the reclassification of freight charges; the administrative cost rate of 4.4 per cent remained stable, the continued high investment in R & D and the efficiency of product R & D conversions. The company ' s R & D rate of 8.4 per cent was higher in the previous three quarters.
In the area of life information and support, the company has launched a new platform operating bed of hybasev8,
New products such as hyportr80 new drawbridge i (ce/cfda), 4k digital surgery room (cfda), single perforation punctures/Hansen punctures (ce) and incision protections (ce).In the area of in vitro diagnosis, the company introduced mc-80 full automatic cell morphology analysers, cl-80000i
New products, such as the full-automatic chemical photoimmunology analyser, and the bs-2800m fully automated biochemical analyser. In the future, companies will continue to automate in ivd, increase investment in intelligent streaming and microbiological operations, and actively explore innovative operations such as molecular diagnostics.
In the field of medical imagery, new products such as the ultrasound integrated application solution “Kullenr 7” and the women and children application solution “Women Quir7” have been introduced and will continue to be explored in the future in the high-end coloured areas.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment