Merri Medical (300,760) 2021 Quarterly Review: Performance: Robust growth, acquisition of the advantages of the integration of seagull bioconstructs
Industry classification: Medical biology company realized business income of $19.399,151.23 million in the first three quarters, an increase of 20.72 per cent over the previous quarter; profit aggregates continued to grow steadily in the third quarter, extending the M & As upstream vd sector. 202103 companies became operational.
On September 22, the company signed a letter of confirmation for the delivery of €532 million. Seagulls are a globally known supplier of raw materials upstream of ivd, the main products of which are monoclonal antigens, antigens, Dok.
Troll antibodies and serum and plasma products have more than 2,000 customers worldwide. In 2020, the seagulls achieved an operating income of Euro28 million, with a operating profit of Euro13 million; in the first quarter of 2021, the seagulls achieved an operating income of Euro9.3 million, with a operating profit of about Euro4.9 million.
On August 26, the company stated that it would use its own funds to repurchase its shares in the form of a centralized bid transaction, with a total of $1 billion.
Repurchase shares will be used entirely for the implementation of equity incentive schemes or employee holding schemes. This equity buyback shows firm confidence in rapid and sustainable development.
Over the reporting period, corporate R & D investment was 1.79 billion yuan, an increase of 19%. Corporate R & D investment continued to grow, with innovative solutions in the areas of life information and support, in vitro diagnostics, and medical imagery, increasing public interest by enriching their product lines.
The market for medical equipment has been growing steadily over the long term, and Murray's medical service, as a leading company for medical equipment in our country, has continued to benefit from the high market. Meanwhile, through the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, the company's overseas market penetration rates are fast.