Domestic market-driven growth, three major operations performed well.
Events: The company published a quarterly report for 2021, which generated business income of $19,392 million, an increase over the same period in the previous year Wei Hongmei, which generated revenues of $5,781 million, $6,997 million, $6,613 million, an increase of 21.93 per cent,
The effect (especially q2 and q3) is that the company ' s performance has remained at 24.24% during the first three quarters, as can be seen from the steady, healthy and sustainable growth of the company. In the first three quarters of 2021, the profits of the company grew at a higher rate than those of the harvest, mainly because the company seized the opportunity of the epidemic last year to expand its branding effect.
And impact, although many of the offline outreach activities this year were not fully carried out due to the spread of the epidemic in and around the country, the efficiency of the company's sales was improved, the sales were good, and the shipping ratio was the same as in roe (ttm).
Improved cost of sales as a result of optimal freight structure compared to the recovery; and, at the same time, efficient operation of the December peak prices and R & D management, which kept the associated cost rates, such as management and R & D, stable, resulting in net overall gains
In December, the domestic market grew at a high rate, with in vitro diagnostics and medical images showing good results. (1) Subregionally, the domestic market driven the growth of corporate performance in 2021. On the one hand, the new crown epidemic has affected domestic health care and medical care.
The impact of the disease control system has led to a greater focus on the country’s health-care investments, with the expansion of large public hospitals leading to the gradual implementation of a new health-care infrastructure. On the other hand, despite sporadic outbreaks, the overall situation has remained stable, with routine hospital consultations and companies operating in the country.
As a result, in the first three quarters of 2021, the company ' s domestic revenue grew at a high rate. (2) Sub-operationally, procurement needs for conventional diagnostics such as ultrasound, blood cells, biochemistry, and luminous light have been continuously restored, as clinical activities and routine procurement in domestic and some international regional hospitals have gradually resumed.
In addition, thanks to the gradual development of new infrastructure in the country, as well as to the high-speed power of new businesses such as aed and micro-surgery, companies have completed the acquisition of Hytest, which has expanded and expanded in an orderly manner.
The company acquired sea peptide, the world’s leading provider of immunization raw materials, at a trade price of €532 million. Chemical luminous immune products are an important branch of the in vitro diagnostic business, and the acquisition of sea pelican organisms enhances the Department’s capacity-building in core research and development of chemical luminous immune products and raw materials and optimizes the upstream and downstream chain of industries.
Globalization, which lays the foundation for the globalization of the company’s in vitro diagnostic operations. Increased self-production capacity for in vitro diagnostic cores helps to safeguard the clinical performance of the company’s reagents; self-production of raw materials helps to ensure the quality stability of the company’s products and optimizes costs, while safeguarding supply and avoiding in vitro consultations.
The problem of cutting upstream raw material supply by neck is recommended: companies are at the forefront of domestic medical equipment, innovation is combined with brand power, product volatility risks; business management risks; product R & D risks; and trade friction-related risks in Central America and the United States, among others.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.