Murray's health care has grown steadily, deepening the industrial chain.
$6,663 million (+24.23 per cent), with sales costs accounting for 14.66 per cent of operating income, achieving steady growth in performance and profit-end growth at a higher rate than revenue-end. Company 2021q3 achieved operating income of 24.23 per cent. New medical infrastructure needs for life information and support products increased, and hospitals were routinely treated.
The demand for vd and medical video products has grown counter-resiliently as a result of the resumption of procurement activities. 14.66 per cent of the operating income from sales costs of Department of Public Administration 2021q3 was reduced by 2.94 percentage points from the same date.
Deepen the industrial chain layout of the in vitro diagnostics business and strengthen self-research of the core materials. September 23, Meri, the medical purchase of 100% of the shares of Hytestinvestoy and its subsidiaries completed the transaction at a transaction price of Euro532 million. Seagulls are the world’s top professional in vitro diagnosis.
Upstream suppliers of raw materials, including monoclonal antibodies, antigens, polyclonal antibodies, etc., have a wealth of products and technological accumulations in such areas as corrosive signs, oncological signs, infectious diseases, inflammation, condensation, etc.
In 2021, the company launched the Life Information and Support (Revision 2.0) Neonatal Unit version, the Benefusaone series of comments.
Pumping of new products such as vp/esp/eds, benefusionn/e fluid pump closed consumables, high-end anesthesia a8/a9, sv300pro respirators, hypixelr 14k ultra-high-light eyeglass camera systems, hard mirror instruments, etc.; roll-out of poc high-end flat board superte9 in the field of medical imagery, medium-low-end desktop colours
Hypercutor wave solutions dc-70, dc-60ultra; 3D fluorescent, full automatic end blood, high-speed crp and saa detectors bc-7500cs series blood cell spectrometry and a range of new biochemical and immuno-reagent products were introduced in the field of in vitro diagnosis.
"Mary Health: a steady growth in performance, a sustained breakthrough in medium- and high-end products", 202,10826.
Murray Health: High Growth in Performance, Accelerating Internationalization 202110429 Waste Collection Price Reduction Risks; Exchange Rate Exchange Rate Risks; Market Expansion for New Products Less than expected; Technology Research
M.M.M.M.T.: The Medical Devices' Lead Enterprise, The Anti-Immunisation Support Industry, S.H.S.I.S., Inc. is qualified for securities investment consultancy.