19 October 2021, performance met expectations and continued to take good care of the new medical infrastructure.
On October 19th, the company released its third quarterly report, 2021: 19,392 million dollars in revenue, a year-on-year increase.
Market value in circulation (million yuan): The new infrastructure for medical care has steadily advanced and the recovery of the domestic market has been remarkable, driving steady growth in performance.q3 quarter revenue of $6,613 million, an increase of 20.25 per cent over the same period; net profit for mothers of $2.318 billion, same
In terms of stability, the domestic market has recovered significantly from overseas markets, driven by the normalization of the country’s new medical infrastructure and hospital treatment activities. In terms of operations, medical imagery and in vitro diagnosis have grown at a high rate during the reporting period, mainly as a result of national and partial international regulation.
The gradual resumption of procurement has led to a sustained recovery in conventional diagnostic procurement needs such as ultrasound, blood cells, biochemistry, and light, while life information and support operations have been sustained by aed and micro-surgery, among others, with a good growth rate.
Cost controls are good, and research and development inputs are increasing actively to foster growth paths. Company costs are well controlled, with a sales cost of 14.66 per cent (-2.94pt), mainly due to increased efficiency of sales as a result of increased brand influence, and the optimal transportation structure. Management costs are 4.35 per cent.
(+0.02 pct), financial rate - 0.44 per cent (+0.07 pct) and R & D rate 8.40 per cent (- company roll-out of new platform surgical bed hybasev8(ce), hyportr80 new drawbridge i (ce/cfda), 4k digital surgery room (cfda), single puncture/Hansen puncturer (ce),
In the area of in vitro diagnosis, the company has launched a semi-annual review of mc-80: long-term good health care for new infrastructure and overseas expansion.
New products, such as cell morphology analysers, cl-8000i fully automated chemical lumination analysers, and bs-2800 m fully automated biochemical analysers. In the field of medical imagery, new products, such as the ultrasound integrated application solution “Kullenr7” and the women's and children's application solution “Women r7”, have been introduced to further meet the various clinical requirements.
"Study of the Dollar Securities Corporation -- Méri Medical Care (300.760.sz) 2020 " & Quarterly Review 2021: Performance in line with expectations, new capital of medical care, merger and purchase of hytest for completion, enhancement of ivd raw material development and internationalization
On 22 September, the company made a deal of €532 million for the acquisition of hytest and 100% of its subsidiaries to the long-term growth space. The purchase of hytest is expected to fill the country’s top areas of raw materials upstream of in vitro diagnosis.
At the same time, internationalization is an important growth engine for ivd’s operations, buying hytest.
It is expected that the process of internationalization will be further accelerated, with a “buy-in” rating of 56x/46x/38x.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.