Researchchand developmentcenter three-quarterly reports meet expectations and China has a steady growth of medical equipment.
Three-quarterly report of 19 October 2021.
Merri Medical (30760) $6,544 million in profits, +24.3 per cent of the year, q3 quarter revenue of $6,613 million, +20.25 per cent of the year, mother ' s net profit of $2,318 million, +21.42 per cent of the year, net profit of non-repatriation mothers of $2,235 million
The growth in the domestic market and the recovery of conventional procurement demand drive growth. Two major drivers of growth in corporate revenue in the first three quarters are: (1) the benefits of new national medical care in the wake of the new crown.
(b) The gradual recovery of clinical activities and routine procurement in national and some international regional hospitals, resulting in a sustained recovery of the need for routine diagnostic procurement, such as ultrasound, blood cells, biochemistry, and luminous lighting, as well as the initiation of medical imagery and in vitro diagnosis
The cost rate continues to optimize net profit growth. The company ' s Māori ratio for the first three quarters was 65.6%, \triangleright
The company maintains high input and high-end new products are being introduced. New products such as the company ' s research (ce), Hyportr80 new drawbridge i (ce/cfda), 4k digital surgery room (cfda), single puncture/Hansen puncturer (cce), and cuttor (e) were developed in the third quarter of 2021.
In the area of in vitro diagnosis, the company has introduced new products such as the mc-80 full automatic cell morphology analyser, the cl-80000i fully automated chemical luminology analyser, and the bs-2800 m fully automated biochemical analyser.
\triangleright completes major strategic acquisitions, and hytest has good synergies with the company's chemical luminous operations.
Inner companies have completed the acquisition of the core material company Sea Pelican Biochemistry, a strategy that is of great importance. The acquisition of Sea Pelican BioMary will supplement self-production of the core material, and the company's chemical luminous operations will benefit from this, and the core of which is the upgrading of the reagent product power will be the company's in vitro diagnostic business.
The foundations of the globalization of Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side, Beijing: Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we expect the company to earn \triangleright in 2021-2023, respectively.
Risk factors: Repeated outbreaks in the country, medical devices and waste collection policies Jo Ya-hyun, team member, Master of Chemistry, Cylon Transport University, 2021, joined the Sindha Portfolio, formerly in charge of cdmo, medicine consumption, Lee Yu-ta, team member, Doctor of Medicine, Beijing Institute of Association and Medical Sciences. Five years of practical work experience in the pharmaceutical industry.
Baker Mankulte (Danah Group), with extensive experience in business. Joined the Sindha Securities in July 2021 and was responsible for research on the medical equipment plate, and was a member of the team, the Master of Pharmacy, University of Shanghai Transport University, who worked in clinical coro at ppc and paraxel, 2021, and entered the Sinda Securities, which was responsible for research in the cxo industry.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.