The company is currently the largest domestic business provider with the best product line in the industry, leading medical devices and solutions in the country and abroad, covering, inter alia, life information support, in vitro diagnosis, medical imagery.
We believe that the country’s absolute leader in the machinery industry is expected to be the first to benefit. I am the largest provider of medical equipment in the country in terms of innovative research and development, extension and acquisition, and internationalization of strategic achievements.
Corporate R & D costs tend to remain above 10% per year, eight major R & D centres have been set up across the globe, and innovative R & D support companies have been upgrading their products from mid-to-low to high-end industries, leading from national brands to cross-border development. Companies, based on their own advantages, have acquired high-end technologies and markets, and have achieved horizontal diversification of product lines and rapid coverage of distribution channels.
Over the past 20 years of international business development, corporate products have been marketed to more than 190 countries and regions around the world, entering the core of a large number of leading global hospitals and research institutions. The life information plate is a company’s traditional niche and already has a higher brand on the domestic market.
Reputation: the foreign market has entered many well-known large complex hospitals and teaching hospitals in Europe and the United States, increasing the profitability of the plate as high-end products are poured into the market; external diagnosis is the fastest growing subset, with chemical luminous companies later dominated, reagent testing layouts comprehensive, instrument coverage low-middle- and high-end to meet the needs of different medical institutions, leading only in the field of instrument release speed; the medical imaging industry has achieved full coverage of ultrasound products from the lower to the upper end of the market, exclusive national ownership of regional imaging technology and cutting wave elastic imaging technology, and high-end desktop colour superressona-7 is already in place
In 2016, China’s market for medical equipment was about 370 billion yuan, or 20.13% more; China’s market for medical equipment is expected to be about 442.5 billion yuan yuan in 2017, with an overall compound growth rate of 20.5% in nearly 10 years, and a total composite growth rate of 20.5% in nearly 10 years, far more than the world.
A large incremental space will maintain a high-speed expansion for a long time to come. The policy of graded medical treatment has resulted in an expansion of the market at the grass-roots level and a significant increase in the demand for medical care; it has also encouraged the purchase of domestic equipment to facilitate the process of import substitution; it has encouraged innovative research and development, giving priority to policies such as evaluation and other measures to encourage enterprises to increase their innovation.
With market prices as the standard for the golden decade of development on May 31, 2019, we believe that companies, as absolute leaders in the hardware industry, with strong R & D, marketing, branding capabilities, have a clear advantage in competition and are expected to take the lead in increasing market share.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd., 27 times, first covered, with an increased rating.
The new technology has failed in research and development, including the collection of raw materials, exchange rate fluctuations, market expansion for new products, and so on.
The company is mainly involved in the development, production, marketing and servicing of medical devices, product-covering life information and support, etc.
The three main areas of in vitro diagnosis and medical imagery are currently the largest domestic business, the best product line in the industry, the leading international provider of medical devices and solutions, the global provider of medical equipment ranked 43 in 2015, and the Boston Consulting Company selected Murray as a global challenger for 2016.
There are currently 1,216 million shares in the total stock of the company, which is actually controlled by Li Sitting and Xu Yihang, who together hold 64.63 per cent of the shares, of which Li Sittington, who holds 29.89 per cent indirectly, 27.14 per cent indirectly through Magnificence (hk), and two who manage and invest in Wieson, who together hold 7.59 per cent of the shares.
The five employee holding platforms of investment, patronumunion and enchante hold 5.86 per cent of the shares, bind management and corporate interests, provide incentives and fully motivate managers. The company’s headquarters is located in Shenzhen, China, and has 40 offshore subsidiaries in more than 30 countries in North America, Europe, Asia and Africa.
There are 17 domestic affiliates, more than 40 affiliates, and corporate products and solutions have been applied in more than 190 countries and regions around the world, creating a vast network of R & D, manufacturing, marketing, and services.
The main reasons for this decline are: 1) The contraction of hospital tenders as a result of domestic anti-corruption in 2015 and the general climate of the industry, as well as the non-recurrent loss of intangible assets such as the company’s customer relationship, which was purchased by the company at the time, and the large amount of consultancy and consultancy costs incurred for the McMurco lawsuits, directly affected the net profit growth in 2015. In 2016, demand in the domestic market was released, and the company’s performance recovered robustly.
Long, coupled with the company ' s continuous roll-out of high-end products, such as ultrasound and guardianship, after 2015, corporate Māori rates and net interest rates have risen, profitability has steadily increased, and companies have streamlined their lines of operations, focusing on three major industries and reducing efficiency gains.
Figure 7. Cost rates for the period 2004-2014
The ratio of revenues from sound and in vitro diagnostics was 37.98%, 26.15%, 33.63%, which contributed 97.77% to performance. Boxing products in each of the three lines of operation were in the forefront of each segment, and in terms of market share sales, they were the third largest in China, the third in China, the third in China, the third in China, the second in China, the fifth in China, the second in China, and the third in China, and the third in China, the third in China, the third in China, and the whole in China, the ultrasound.
Figure 9. Merrill sub-business income, 2006-2014, shows a globalized distribution of Merri products in marketing regions, with a comparable share of domestic and foreign sales revenue, 56.69 per cent in 2018, 10.8 per cent in North America, 8.77 per cent in Europe, 6 per cent in Latin America and 17.73 per cent in other regions.
In the future, companies will be the largest and most productive champions of the domestic machinery industry, backed by strong R&D power, with a clear edge in industrial competition, and the overall market share of the line of operations will continue to rise; and they will be subject to a simultaneous increase.
To benefit from the support of import substitution policies, companies continue to capture their foreign share in higher-end markets, such as tertiary medical structures, and their higher-end product lines, such as the Guardianship N series, the Ultrasound Resona series, and the Hemospheric Waterline Series, will continue to grow steadily, and corporate overall performance will continue to grow steadily.
Since its inception in 1991, the company has been working in the field of deep-farm medical equipment, expanding the company’s product lines through endogenous and outreach, and pursuing a development strategy of research and development and marketing and internationalization.
In 1992, autonomous research and development began, with the introduction of the country's first proprietor of auto-intellectual property rights, the Oxygen Saturation Monitor, full numbers, black and white, full-digit colour, medium-high-end portable colour, etc., with a long-term R&D ratio of around 10 per cent and a flat level of R&D investment with the international medical flagship; and the initial low-end domestic market positioning of the autonomous product marketing strategy with foreign manufacturers.
After many years of building up, Murray's products and solutions have been applied to more than 190 countries and regions around the world, entering the core of many of the world's top hospitals and research institutions; in the domestic market, nearly 110,000 medical institutions and more than 99% of the tri-A hospitals in the countries with product coverage and solutions.
Starting with the introduction of the country's first auto-intellectual rights-based O2 Saturation Monitor, full-digit black and white, full-digit colour, medium-high-end portable colour, etc., moving from a single product to a full series, the country's medical equipment companies now have the most abundant product lines, and the companies are constantly active in the fields of life information and support, in vitro diagnosis, medical imagery, breaking foreign technological monopolies, leading the nation's brands to imports.
Since its creation, companies have maintained a high level of investment in research and development and have maintained ownership of core technologies. In many areas, companies have broken down industries.
Since 2003, companies have continued to increase their R & D investment, which remains at about 10% over the long term, and R & D, which compares favourably with the global power plant. In 2017, the company's R & D investment made its first breakthrough.
Figure 15. Comparison of R & D rates with those of major international medical equipment companies
Johnson's R & D rates, Philip's R & D rates, R & D rates.
Rates of R & D at Ape, Sek, R & D at Siemens, R & D at Siemens.
ge R & D rate bd R & D rate Boston R & D input
Figure 17. The company's multi-autonomous product realization industry is number one. The company has established eight major research and development programs in Beijing, Nanjing, Xian, Chengdu, Seattle, Silicon Valley and New Jersey, including its headquarters, Shenzhen.
By 2018, the company had 2,258 researchers, or 24.45% of the total. Its research and development staff covered a wide range of disciplines such as electronics, computer technology, sensor technology, clinical medicine, biochemistry, and diversified, complex staffing enabled the company to develop core technologies for multiple product lines.
In March 2018, the National Development Reform Commission published a list of top 50 companies with national patents on inventions, with 746 of them, 40th in the country, and one of the top medical devices. The company has become an international and advanced market for our autonomous intellectual property medical equipment.
Figure 18. The layout of the Murray Research and Development Center
From 2008 to 2014, there were 13 mergers and acquisitions, of which four were made in foreign firms or related businesses, nine in domestic firms, and four in relation to endoscopics and high osteoporosis. In 2008, Murray acquired the United States-based datascope medical surveillance equipment for $202 million.
With a technical team of more than 80 researchers and related intellectual property rights, as well as a 50% share of the U.S. small and medium-sized hospital custody market under 300 beds. Through this merger, Murray won not only datascope’s custody products, technology, and intellectual property rights, but also the third largest brand in the world’s guardianship, but also opened the way to the Euro-American market, where companies formed subsidiaries in Germany, France, and Italy the same year.
The company’s marketing teams, marketing networks, and platforms have evolved from abroad. In 2012, Murray acquired Greenland, Deskell, Hang State Medical Services, and Shanghai Medical Lights, with high-value osteoporosis and endoscope operations, and expanded horizontally, with revenues from other company-owned businesses reaching $263 million in 2018 and a Māori rate of 66.35%, based on 66.35%.
According to data from China ' s Medical Devices Industry Association, the size of our domestic market for mirrors in 2011 amounted to RMB 6,747 billion, the size of the market for mirrors in 2015 reached RMB 15.15 billion, the rate of compound growth from 2011 to 2015 amounted to 24.7 per cent, and is expected to exceed RMB 20 billion in 2017. According to data from the Southern Medicine Institute, the size of the market for osteoporosis implants increased from RMB 7.2 billion to RMB 16.4 billion in 2010, with a compound growth rate of 17.9 per cent and a projected growth rate of 17.9 per cent in 2017.
At 22.5 billion yuan. In the osteoporosis and endoscopic markets, both of which are held by foreign leaders, Murray expands his business in this field through M&D purchases, with the prospect of greater breakthroughs with strong R&D power and market marketing power.
Rhodes was founded in 1896 by the company f. hoffmann-laroche, which, after a century of development, has expanded its operations from the pharmaceutical industry in its early years to four fields: pharmaceuticals, medical diagnostics, vitamins and fine chemicals, spices, and has an absolute market share in the field of in vitro diagnosis, anti-cancer, drugs and transplants, and has a littoral resistance, beryllium resistance, trading bead resistance, raddling.
The world is ranked first in the field of diagnosis, first in the world, first in the field of oncology, second in the field of transplantology and virology, and second in the field of bioscience. Business is now spread in more than 100 countries, with nearly 66,000 employees. In 2017, the Rhodes Group achieved its sales of 53299 million Swiss francs.
Rhodes was ranked third in the global list of 50 pharmaceutical companies based on the sale of prescription drugs, with $39,552 million in prescription drugs. Rhodes was a drug major in his early years (1896-1920), focusing on specialized prescription drugs, the extraction and combination of phytochemical drugs, the main products of which were the cough medicine thiocold, and the digalen for heart disease.
By the eve of the First World War, the company adopted the name Rhodes as its global trademark. During the period of growth (1920-1945), allonal drugs were introduced under the leadership of Elmerh Bost, General Manager of the United States branch, and became the company’s first million-dollar production of vitamins, synthesizing vc, va, ve; and innovation research and development (1945-1965), innovation in research and development made public.
The division has expanded rapidly, and has been marketed successively, with quails, pacing, sleeping, and pacing drugs. Reorganizing the M&A era (1980s-to-date), after a lack of growth in the traditional sector, Rhodes has developed a more aggressive outreach strategy, mainly centred on the core business of pharmaceuticals and diagnostics, and has taken advantage of the industry’s development.
In the field of biotechnology, which is one of the most successful cases in the history of global M&As in the pharmaceutical industry, the company's operating profits are more than 30 per cent higher than those of Gen. Tuck; in 1991, the company purchased the Nikolai Laboratory, thereby taking a larger share of the unprescripted drug market in Europe; and in 1997, it acquired the world's second-ranking diagnostic company, Boehrinzger, Germany, with $11 billion.
In 2014, $3.3 billion was purchased for Ventanainc, the world’s leading developer and manufacturer of tissue diagnostic instruments and detection systems focused on cancer detection treatment. Rhodes acquired an exceptional lung, and so on; and Rhodes’s $8.3 billion acquisition of the United States biotech company, Intermune, in 2014, will increase its market share in the field of respiratory diseases.
Figure 26. Roche’s main development experience is the acquisition of assets, products, distribution channels and networks from the development process of the world’s leading pharmaceutical companies, and for the purpose of mergers and acquisitions.
Agentship and some of the rights expected to be available in the future, and the advantage of expansion, is simply to rely on endogenous growth in ways that are incomparable, in the form of: 1) access to heavy-pound products, in collaboration with the main industry, and increase core competitiveness. The costs, cycles, and risks of new drug research and development are all increasing, and competition for generics is also facing competition. So finding new growth points in the market is an inevitable option.
One of the most successful cases in the history of buying, Gene Teck was one of the first companies in the pharmaceutical industry to start developing monoclon antibodies, with anti-cancer drugs such as Cytine, Angeline and Troque, and some promising drugs under development. Roth's acquisition of Gene Teck marks the company's entry into biotechnology, with more than 30% of its operating profits now coming from Gen Teck.
One of them is to strengthen the market, and access to medicines is essential. In 2014, Barel acquired $14.2 billion in Mercerton health care, not only the anti-sensitization drugs for Merzaton Star products, but also the afrin drug, and its share of the United States market for healthy consumer goods and its own small share in the United States market. By doing so, Bayer jumped to global consumption.
The industry in Hong Kong is second in line with the United States, following the strong. 3) Cross-border M&As increase business diversity and strengthen integrated power. Business cross-border development encounters barriers such as experience, technology, finance, etc., by using existing resources from M&As to shorten the R & D cycle and take advantage of the industry ' s development. In 2014, the actavis finished buying allergan at a total cost of US$ 70.5 billion, and the allergan star botox.
The ingredients are high-purity bottox, used to remove wrinkles and thin faces, which makes it possible to pre-empt the development of the medical-American industry and is expected to be a new profit growth point. 4) Foster multinational operations. In the context of the global integration trend, cross-border M&As are one of the major routes to internationalization and one of the lowest-time-setting approaches. In 2016, re-Star medicine announced $1.2 billion in the acquisition of Indian injection money, glandpharma, glandpharma.
It is India’s first manufacturer of injectable drugs, approved by the United States of America’s fda, and has obtained gmp recognition from major global regulatory markets, with a total of 17 variety specifications on the United States market. The main purpose of the respirator’s acquisition is to gain access to the European and American markets, as well as to further acquire global registration and certification capabilities, which is particularly important for the resurfacing world market.
In 2018, companies accounted for 43.31 per cent of their overseas operations, with North America accounting for 10.80 per cent, Europe for 8.77 per cent and Latin America for 6 per cent.
With the rapid development of business and the in-depth understanding of clients, companies recognize that “price” is not the core of competitiveness, and that customers outside the sea need rationality, greater attention to product quality and diagnostic efficiency. Companies enhance their R&D capabilities, high-end instrumentation products through endogenous and extended M&As.
Needs functions and services. After nearly two decades of international business development, corporate products can meet the needs of medical institutions at all levels outside the country, especially advanced countries and regions such as Europe and the United States. More than 190 countries and territories worldwide are sold into the core of the world’s leading hospitals and research institutions.
In the United States market, which has the highest medical thresholds, the strictest technical rules, the company has entered about two thirds of the hospitals, nearly 10,000 medical institutions, and is widely used in core sections such as icu, anaesthesia and emergency services, including the Meo Clinic in the United States, the Massachusetts General Hospital, the Cleveland Clinic and the top American medical institutions; and in the top teaching hospitals in the British, German and French European countries, including the Royal Edinburgh of England and the Toulouse of France.
With unique innovation and high reliability, Murray has gained the high degree of recognition of clinical experts and managers. Murray has established more than 20 affiliates and participated in local institutions in 15 countries along the road.
Medical institutions are built to help upgrade local medical skills. The company has more than 100 live-to-service sites in 19 countries and territories around the world, with 7 x 24-hour customer call services in a number of countries.
Figure 27. Distribution of corporate overseas operations: Three cornerstones of life support, in vitro diagnosis and medical imagery; Life information and support - growing brand visibility, promising to maintain steady growth
The company’s life information and support business products include a guardianship, defibrillator, anaesthetic, respirator, electrocardiogram, surgical lights, etc., and a combination of instruments and solutions for life information monitoring and support, such as the general solution of the operating room/heavy care room (or/icu). The plate is a company’s traditional advantage business, which already enjoys a high brand reputation on the domestic market, and the market is constantly occupied.
Upgraded; the foreign market has entered a number of large and well-known European-American hospitals and teaching hospitals, with a growing branding of brand names. The share of income in the overall collection is 37.98%, and, in terms of product structure, the tutorship is the highest income of the plate and is expected to be close to 40%, while anesthetic machines, lighthouses, defibrillators, etc. are also the main products (reference revenue in 2017 was 12.79%, 8.95%, and 7.86%, respectively).
At present, the domestic manufacturers of vital information and support instruments are mainly Riibang instruments and Bo Leiter, and Miri sells more information on life and support products with a relatively high Māori-high-end engine, which is therefore relatively high relative to the domestic industry Guardian: the country is at the top of the market and is pursuing the industry internationally.
Murray has been farming for many years in the area of guardianship equipment, with the first portable multi-parameter monitor in the country pm 9000 in 1998, followed by the introduction of multi-parameters and the autonomous development of a wealth of physiological parameter measurement techniques, including cardio-calculation, blood-free pressure algorithms, hemobic algorithms, physiological measurements such as stress-generation algorithms, and hemodynamics support tools for high-end markets in 2016.
N series, currently rich in product lines, ranging from portable to desktop, covering low-end to high-end markets. According to evaluatemedtech, the global (excluding Japan) custodian market grew by 4.1 per cent at a size of 2.79 billion in 2017, with a global custodian market matured, with a slower growth in size, a concentrated market share, and a market share of 38 per cent in 2017 for Philip, Ge and Murray, respectively.
Philip and Ge have a major share in the global custodian market, 38% and 26%, respectively, and Murray 10%, and the company is the world’s third-largest producer of guardianship equipment. The brand and quality of corporate custodians have been recognized in mainstream medical institutions abroad, and their share in the overseas market continues to rise with high value for money, and is expected to catch up with the global champion Philip and Ge.
According to data from China ' s Medical Devices Association, the internal custodians ' market size from 2015 to 2017 was 17.9, 17.5 and 2.02 billion yuan, increasing by 15.43 per cent in 2017, while the penetration rate has been rising, up to 29 per cent in 2014, it is still lower than in the developed countries of Europe and the United States. The internal custodians ' market was highly concentrated, with shares of 64.8 per cent in 2017, 17.7 per cent in 2017, and 3.8 per cent in 2017, respectively, compared to the top three.
The market share is as high as 86.3%, and is dominated by high-end custody equipment, with Murray taking a high share of custody in level-III and level-II hospitals, while other domestic companies, such as Bollett and Rivong, are mainly low- and medium-level guardianship equipment, with Märry's income and Mäori ratio at the top of the list compared to other companies in the country.
The demand for domestic health institutions will increase rapidly, and companies are expected to take the lead as domestic custodians. Figure 35. Size of the domestic custodian market 2014-2017 Chart 36.2017 Competition patterns in the domestic custodian market
Figure 37.2017 Market patterns for tertiary hospitals, Figure 38.2017 Market patterns for tertiary hospitals, Global Market for High-end Anaesthesia Machines
The anaesthetic machine delivers anaesthesia to the patient's lungs by mechanical circuits, creates an anaesthetic gas pressure, spreads it to blood, directly inhibits the central godly system, thereby producing a full-body anaesthetic effect. The company's anaesthesia machine consists of two series, seven products, including the wato series and the mid- and lower-end series of the market, in which an anaesthetic work is located in the global market for high-end anesthesia machines.
As a flagship ship in a series, a7 anaesthesia has a full-touch, non-menu user interface, gas-mixing technology, air mode comparable to the icu respirator, making the a7 a shining star in the global high-end anaesthesia machine. The global market for anaesthesia (excluding Japan) for 2015-2017 was $9,911, $930 million, and the domestic market for anaesthesia machines was 9.1.
The market is growing by 930 million yuan. In 2017, Meri's share of the domestic market for narcotic equipment was 11.2%, ranking third, with a market share of 46.2% and 32.5% respectively for Delgs and General Electrics. Delgs and ge had an absolute advantage at the top of the tertiary hospital, with their market share exceeding 80%.
The influence of high-end branding of narcotic stations has increased further, and Murray is expected to take further advantage of the market for high-end anaesthesia machines in level III hospitals while dancing with the international giants in high-end markets abroad.
Figure 41. Size of the global market for anaesthesia machines 2014-2016
Figure 44.2017 Competition patterns in the market for anaesthesia machines in domestic level III hospitals Figure 45.2017 Competition patterns in the market for anaesthesia machines in domestic level II hospitals - Autonomous R & D fills many national gaps and market demand is rising rapidly
The defibrillator is a medical device that uses a stronger pulse to remove heart disorder and restore the arctic heart disease. It is a first-aid device that is necessary in the handicraft room. Automatic extraterrestrial defibrillator, aed) has been on the air for a long time abroad and is first-sized, based on evaluatemedtech data, 2015-2017 worldwide (excluding the United States and Japan) tremor market.
According to the Chinese Medical Equipment Association, the domestic market for defibrillators was 5.3, 6.5, 750 million yuan in 2015-2017. Prior to that, the country’s aed market was not widely available, and it was dominated by imported brands such as zol, Philip, Japanese photovoltaic, and Pmekang in Germany.
High prices for imported products are also a major reason why aed does not spread rapidly. Companies have been studying two-way wave technologies since 1996; Core technology productization related to tremors was officially established in 2004; high-end tremors were developed in 2006; China’s first fully autonomous intellectual property product, beneheartd, was officially launched in 2009; and China’s first two-way tremor product, was published in 2013.
Aed product, beneheartd1, fills many of China’s gaps, not only breaking the blockade of the “technical barriers” established by more than 1,000 patents, but also achieving innovation and obtaining 18 patents for inventions. In 2008, Murray, as the only firm, participated in the preparation of a national standard for tremor removal, which was officially published in March 2010.
Corporate defibrillator sales grew rapidly, with a compound increase of 33 per cent in 2015-2017, the fastest growing product of the company. Revenues of $333 million were realized in 2017, a 50 per cent increase over the same period. In 2016, Murray ranked fifth and second in the global and Chinese tremor markets, respectively, with companies currently holding tremors of the d3 and d6 models, as well as one aed equipment.
A lot of medical research and clinical evidence suggests that the use of aed equipment for CPR in the four minutes of gold that stops the heart from beating can significantly increase the survival rate (over 60 per cent success rate). In the United States, for example, according to the United States Cardiology Association, there are 450,000 chamber tremors per year in the United States, with an alarming 95 per cent sudden death from cardiac arrest, which was carried out throughout the United States in 2003.
After the tremors, the survival rate of patients suffering from cardiac arrest caused by chamber tremors and a lack of pulses reached 49%. The US government provides $30 million a year for public tremors. The U.S. government has set up all public spaces that cannot be reached by emergency vehicles within five minutes, in accordance with the law.
More than 1 million units, an average of 317 per 100,000, 235 in Japan, 44.5 in Australia, 25.6 in the United Kingdom, and 17.6 in Germany. But in the Chinese market, we currently have no more than 1,000 aed equipment, and the number of aeds per 100,000 population tends to be zero.
At least 1 per cent of the world ' s highest number of approximately 550,000 people a year, at least 1,500 people a day, have been successfully rescued. It is just the United States that a number of policies have been put in place to strengthen the configuration of aed, such as the installation of automatic tremors in public places (aed) in steps in Shenzhen, to achieve, in 10 years, an internationally advanced level of 100 aed per 100,000 population, and to complete the full range of aed public spaces in the city.
In 2016, Jiangsu Province took the lead in allocating aed to public places, and by the end of 2017 Jiangsu will have placed 500 such places, which will continue to be strengthened. The company is expected to take the lead as the first Aed-country brand, relative foreign brand, and high value for money in the process of aed outreach.
Lighthouses: First in the country's grass-roots market, the future market will continue to expand 9.9 per cent of the market in 2017 for surgical equipment such as lighthouses in the country, ranking fourth, with major competitors including Delg, Mykwee, Mingji Sanfeng, market share 18.1 per cent, 13.6 per cent and 10.8 per cent respectively, the absolute advantage of high-end markets such as the Delg level III hospital, and Murray.
At the lower-middle- and lower-end markets, mainly at level II and below, Méri accounted for a relatively high 25.3 per cent share of the level II hospital, which will be further expanded at the grass-roots level as a result of the policy of stratification and the increase in the number of new primary hospitals.
Figure 52.2017 Competition patterns in the domestic lighthouse market The in vitro diagnostic business - product line is the most complete and the key driving force for future development The corporate in vitro diagnostic business increased by 24.07% in 2015-2018, the highest of the three business plates.
Revenue of $4.626 billion, an increase of 23.66 per cent over the same period. The company's in vitro diagnostic business is the most complete product line, consisting mainly of blood cell analysers, biochemical analysers, immunoanalysts, coagulation analysers and related reagents, capable of providing a range of automated or semi-automatic in vitro diagnostic products and “one-stop” services to laboratories, clinics and hospitals. Within the plate, for example, the 2017 report accounts for a share of the proceeds of diagnostic reagents.
According to studies by foreign research institutions such as kaloramainformation, mcevoy&farmer, the size of the country ' s in vitro diagnostic industry in 2009 was about 9.3 billion yuan, with diagnostic reagents amounting to 73 billion yuan, diagnostic instruments amounting to around 2 billion yuan, and overall market size by 2013
It has grown to 23.6 billion yuan, with an annual compound growth rate of 26.24%. According to the Specialized Committee on the In vitro Diagnosis System of the Chinese Medical Devices Association, the annual amount of external diagnostic reagents will exceed 40 billion yuan, and the in vitro diagnostic instrument will be close to 15 billion yuan.
There are more in vitro diagnostic breakdowns, which can be divided into biochemical diagnostics, immuno-diagnostics, molecular diagnostics, blood sugar tests, haematology, microbiology, etc.
Immuno-diagnosis has been growing rapidly in recent years, and the demand for the market has accelerated and the scale has risen rapidly. The size of the market has been estimated at 27%, 33%, 15% and 5%, respectively, for biochemical, immune, molecular and blood testing.
Figure 59. Composition of the main types of in vitro diagnostic market in the country, 2015. According to data from China’s medical equipment industry, Méri’s share of domestic laboratory equipment in 2017 was 15.3%, followed by Heisen Meikang, who had a higher share in the market for level III hospitals, and Méri’s location at the mid-point, where the primary target was the level II hospital, with no harvest.
At present, the third- and second-high-level medical-testing facilities are in level-III and level-II hospitals, respectively, with the highest ratings, as measured by the results of satisfactory research, exceeding those of foreign-owned enterprises. As the cost of health-care coverage increases and the process of import substitution accelerates, the high-end series of national products will continue to penetrate the tertiary-high-end medical facilities.
In contrast, the growth of second-line foreign brands has been weak or even negative. By contrast, the growth of national brands has been higher, and the pace of national production substitution has accelerated.
The second largest share of the country is in blood cell analysis, which refers to the technique of checking and analysing parameters such as red cells, white cells and so on, using semi-automatic or automated devices known as blood analysers.
The domestic blood analyser product market is relatively mature, with a market size of about $4.6 to 5 billion, and the foreign giant Heison Maykang and the country’s leader, Murray, together account for more than 60% of the market share. At present, there is no significant technology gap between Murray’s blood analyser products compared to foreign brands, and its high-performance and high-reliability products have moved to level III with the advantage of lower prices, improved after-sale services, and a high degree of localization.
The first fully automated blood cell analyser in China’s national production was launched by Murray in 2001. After more than 20 years of development, Murray has developed a system-wide and detailed three- and five-class blood cell analyser product line that meets different market demands.
The three-class blood cells are open, cheap, competitive, and are now mainly oriented towards primary hospitals. The five-class blood cells are more difficult, the Meri product has reached the same level of foreign investment, and the five-class blood analysers sold have reached the top of many level-III hospitals.
(1) The three classifications are of six types: bc-20s, bc-30s, bc-2300, bc-2800, bc-3000plus, bc-3600; (2) the five classifications of eight types: bc-5000, bc-5150, bc-5310, bc5390, bc5390crp, bc-5800, bc-6800, bc-6900.
Chart 64. Murray III Class V Blood Analyzer, based on the mature tri- and five-class blood cell analyser product line, was the first in the country to launch its own blood analyser flow line: cal 6000 and cla 8,000 blood analysis stream. The stream product is designed in two tracks, with an efficient sample re-checking and a smart push.
Plot dyes, equipped with sfcube 3D fluorescence analysis techniques, so as to identify anomalous cells with sensitivity and accuracy. By linking modules such as blood cell analysers, push dyers, and glycemic hemoglobin analysers in orbit to a dragon-style production line, a piped blood sample would have been achieved with multiple results that would have increased the detection efficiency by 20-30% with only one on-line testing. The product met the clinical match for the first time.
The need for efficient testing of the bloodline +crp+ sugar has greatly expanded the function of this blood-analysis stream. Figure 65. The Serial blood-analysis stream series, which currently accounts for about one-third of the company's in vitro diagnostic operations, is estimated at about $1.54 billion in 2018, and is confined to the interior of the country.
The company continues to invest in the development of pipelines, including high-end five-class blood cell analysers, high-end fluorescent blood cell analysers designed to develop the world’s fastest, first-class clinical performances, and so on. In the future, the company will further develop artificial intelligence recognition techniques, automated analysis techniques, and so on.
The company is expected to continue to grow by 15-20% by adding new projects to the blood cylindrical system, and by promoting the strategy of blood cell detection of current waterlines. Biochemical diagnostics are the first to benefit from import substitution dividends, and there is still room for raising the market share.
Biochemical diagnosis is an in vitro diagnosis of various biochemical indicators, such as inorganic elements, proteins and non-protein proteins, and enzymes, sugar, lipids, using various biochemical responses.
According to data from the Kalorama &huidianresearch study, China ' s market for clinical biochemical diagnostic products was about 5.3 billion yuan in 2013, projected at a rate of 6 to 8%, and the market for biochemical diagnostics will reach 8.3 billion yuan in 2019. Overall, biochemicals are already in the Red Sea, and industry growth is less powerful than other vd-segregated areas.
The brands include Beckman, Helley, Toshiba, Rowley, and others. Biochemical diagnostics are the first industry in the country to develop a ivd breakdown, and domestic biochemical diagnostic reagents have largely been imported, but high-end instruments are still dominated by foreign capital, with less than 10% of national production.
Figure 66. Size of the domestic biochemical market, 2010-2020 Figure 67. Competition patterns in the domestic biochemical market, 2015.
During the month, the Chinese Medical Equipment Association issued the fourth series of best nationally produced medical equipment product selections for the bs-200 series, bs-300 series, bs-400/480 series, bs-800 series, and bs-2000 series.
At the same time, Murray is currently the only producer in China that can develop a single machine to detect a 2,000-speed biochemical analyser, showing strong technological and developmental capabilities. In the area of biochemical diagnostics, the containment of instruments and reagents is a future trend, and it is difficult for single instrument producers or reagent producers to compete.
The company’s biochemical reagent products now cover a wide range of areas such as hemolysis, liver, kidneys, cardiovasculars, diabetes, rheumatism and special protein, and have a well-developed technical platform for product development, which greatly improves the quality and efficiency of product development.
It is expected that the company’s biochemical acceleration will be slightly higher in the future than the industry’s overall level of 10%.
The current chemical light is the dominant technical direction for immune diagnostic products and the largest and fastest growing area of in vitro diagnosis in the country.
In the area of breakdowns, the market for IUD diagnostics will gradually shrink, and the demand for IUDs and reagents will grow by 30%, and it is expected to grow by around 16.8 billion yuan in 2019.
Chemical luminous methods have gradually become a new growth point for immunization diagnostics because of their high sensitivity, speciality, long reagent life. In 2010-2017, the chemical luminous industry maintained a compound growth of more than 30% and is expected to remain stable at more than 20% in the coming years, with high-quality national leaders
Figure 71. China's chemical luminous market patterns
As in vitro diagnostic enterprises continue to innovate in the field of diagnostics of chemical luminous immunology, national producers are gradually breaking the foreign brand monopoly, chemical luminous immune equipment and reagents.
Mary’s chemically luminous immunosynthetic products entered the market late, the automatic chemical luminous instruments were marketed in 2012, and the parameters of the instrument were set to have a subsequent advantage, while at the same time exerting force on the reagents, creating an integrated competitive advantage.
With regard to instruments, since 2013, the company has been developing chemically luminous products, relying on mature in vitro diagnostic instruments, and has now launched four models ranging from low to high cl-9000i to cl-60000i. The key parameters, such as cl-60000i speeds, are technologically high in the world, and can also be associated with biochemical fluids, or with two-module cascades that form cl-60000im2, with detection speeds of up to 960t/h.
With regard to reagents, the number of chemical luminous tests increased from 27 at the beginning of 2015 to 64 at the end of 2017, covering the multiplicity of myocardial, sugar urine, anaemia, infectious diseases, oncological signs, thyroid functions, sex hormones, osteoporosis and hepatochemical fibres.
Months are now the only chemical luminous plant in the country with five fully fledged signs of lung cancer (cea, nse, cyfra21-1, scca, progrp), identification diagnosis, treatment monitoring, and prognosis of lung cancer in future assisted clinical settings. With increasing market recognition in recent years, Murray’s instrumentation capacity has increased significantly, and the variety of reagents available has increased.
In the future, chemical light is expected to continue to grow at a high rate as the detection of tumor signs, infectious diseases, etc., is enriched, and companies are expected to increase their sales and release of luminous reagents.
Overall, as the in vitro diagnostic product line continues to build up technology and product innovation, companies will take up further the international giant’s market share and open up new market demand, and the contribution of the in vitro diagnosis line to the corporate performance as a whole will increase steadily. Medical video business – a high-end market for autonomous R & D – will be an important point of growth in future performance.
The company’s medical image business is one of the three core business lines of the company, with products including ultrasound diagnostic systems and digital x-ray imaging systems, with ultrasound diagnostic systems including colour and black and white. After acquiring high-end ultrasound image manufacturer Zonare in 2013, the company promoted ultrasound diagnostic systems extending to the mid-to-high end, and China’s first high-end desktop superresona-7 was released in late 2015, officially entering the colour super-high-end market.
Currently, the company ' s ultrasound product has achieved full coverage of mid- and low-end to high-end markets, with a high-end market in the dc series, with a strong value for money, with products such as dc8, dc70, dc80, which is the backbone of level II and basic hospitals; the resona series is a truly national high-end machine, including a resona8 ultrasound machine, a resona7 full-body machine.
Medical image operations increased by 17.2% from 2015 to 2018, and earned 3,597 million yuan in 2018, an increase of 22.56% in the same year, and a gross overall interest rate of 71%. Of this, the annual increase in the share of coloured excess income was 2,123 million yuan in 2017, an increase of 28.7% in the same year, and the share of high- and middle-end products, such as medical film, in the range of coloured excess income, which led to faster growth in the income of medical video operations and an overall increase in the Maori rate.
Autonomous R & D is a well-lined ultrasound product that breaks the monopoly of foreign markets and shapes national brands. According to qyresearch estimates, the global ultrasound market was about $7.18 billion in 2017, with major markets occupied by ge, Philip and Toshiba, with a combined 67 per cent market share and a 5 per cent share of companies in ultrasound markets, ranked fifth.
Figure 76. Global ultrasound market size and acceleration 2012-2020 Chart 77.2017 Global ultrasound market competition patterns in domestic markets pre-2000 dominated by foreign brands. Companies are among the early producers of ultrasound diagnostic equipment in the country.
The annual acquisition of the top five of America's ultrasound domain, Sonare, on its global leading technology platform, Regional Image Technology, combined with its research and development advantage, launched its first national-produced, high-end superproduct resona7 in 2015, marking the advance of the super-high market, breaking home and applying it to more than 100 teaching hospitals in Europe. With Murray's high-end ultrasound diagnostic equipment resona7 penetration in the European and American markets has increased further.
The zst+ field light platform used by the resona7 high-end colour ultrasound system has broken through the technical limitations of traditional ultrasound beam resolution and time division in imaging space, a change in ultrasound technology and four major innovations in ultrasound technology, i.e., domain scanning, global dynamics.
Caro, smart sound speed matching, holoscope field technology, the zst+ field light platform represents future trends in ultrasound imaging. Based on the zst+ field photo level's arctic processing hardware structure, resona can display better image quality; a dynamic vector blood flow tracking; and a unique uwen+ video technology can ensure longer visual time and less with as low mechanical indices as possible, while guaranteeing the strength of the image signal.
Film agent usage; using a patented ultra-band tracking technology, ste can provide a quantitative elastic picture of faster, more accurate, and better penetrating power; millimetre-level magnetic sensors can achieve integrated images of respiratory compensation and significantly increase the accuracy of integration images. Companies start from black and white ultrasound development to the introduction of coloured Doppler ultrasound systems, consistently adhere to autonomous innovation, and continue to break through technical bottlenecks.
With continuous research and development inputs, it has evolved from black and white ultrasound to colour, from desktop to portable ultrasound, to full-touch-controlled ultrasound systems, many product lines, covering low-end to high-end markets, and creating Chinese ultrasound brands. At present, companies have developed their own technology in the area of ultrasound to launch continuous focus, sound-correction technology, and vector flow technology, and so on.
The company is developing a high-end, portable, colored Doppler ultrasound diagnostic system, while continuing a number of ultra-high-end ultra-technology studies, including technical pre-research studies on high-performance replacements, auto-screening of the breast, film integration and heart-motion analysis.
Research on remote ultrasound technology, flat wave imaging technology, mind display technology, etc., will continue to produce innovative products in the future, and further enrich high-end ultrasound product lines. Third in the domestic ultrasound market share, the ultrasound market share increases space.
Within the competitive pattern of the market for ultrasound in the country’s public health-care institutions, Murray ranks second in terms of market share of 19.4%, which is not significantly different from the market share of 19.64% in the ge-health sector. However, in the distribution of health-care facilities, the market for the municipal public hospitals (mainly level III hospitals) is 14.7%, which represents a gap between the first and second-placed ge-health (21.73%), Philip (20.48%) and the county-level public hospitals.
The first three places were ge-medium (26.09%), Philip (19.25%), Murray (17.78%), and in the community/town health centre ultrasound market, Miri's first share was 34.02%, well above the second ge-medium 13.55%. Due to the ultra-high value of the company's low-end products, it was widely used in primary health-care facilities.
The income from the company’s low- and medium-end ultrasound series of products has grown steadily.
Samsung, 2.56% - Other, 12.1600% ge medical, Shenzhen,
In 2018, on the purchase of ultrasound machines in public health institutions, the import brand of the desktop ultrasound device featured prominently, with Murray in third place at 15.39 per cent, below the market share of ge-health at 22.87 per cent and Philip at 20.76 per cent; and the portable ultrasound national product with the import brand “separate in autumn”.
Of these, Shenzhen Merri is at the top of the market, accounting for 35.02 per cent.The share of public health-care institutions in purchasing with ultrasound brands in figure 85.2018 is, globally, based on data from bbcresearch, the share of ultrasound markets in Latin America, the Middle East and Africa in 2018 was the largest in the world.
The major demand in Latin America, the Middle East, and Africa is low- and medium-end ultrasound equipment, and in Merihu there is a rich line of medium- and low-end ultrasound products, and in recent years companies have been actively setting up the Latin American market, where further amounts of medium- and low-end ultrasound equipment are expected. The main demand for mature markets like Euro-American Day is medium- and high-end ultrasound diagnostic equipment, and foreign ultrasound giants have a rich line of high-end ultrasound products.
Murray’s penetration of high-end ultrasound equipment is expected to increase further. In 2013, Murray purchased $105 million to buy high-end medical imagery for Zonare, acquired regional imaging technology, upgraded video platforms, significantly reduced the technology gap with imported giants, and, in 2015, applied to more than 100 teaching hospitals in Europe.
The global market distribution for ultrasound equipment, figure 87.2018-2023, figure 86. The size and speed of the domestic market for ultrasounds, 2012-2020
The world has grown rapidly, the world has grown steadily, and the developed countries have gained an absolute advantage. In 2017, the global market for medical devices reached $405 billion, the same size as in 2017.
The annual industry cagr is projected to be 5.6%. Overall, the global health market has been growing at an overall slower pace since 2012, with a steady increase in volume. Regionally, the medical equipment industry in developed countries like Europe and America is dominant, with production and consumption taking up the majority of markets.
Revenue accounts for 54 per cent of the global health market. Figure 88. Global market size for medical devices.
The annual market share is divided into two or three types of cardiovascular and image diagnostic devices, with sales of $46.9 billion and $36.5 billion, with shares of 11.6 per cent and 9.8 per cent, respectively; sales are expected to reach $72.6 billion and $51 billion in 2024. In terms of future market growth trends, the field of neurology will be the fastest growing sector in the market for the breakdown of medical devices, with sales expected to reach $15.8 billion in 2024.
The market for diagnostic images and osteoporosis will be the least developed market, which has expanded rapidly in China’s market, with the gold growing ten years ahead. Our medical equipment industry has shown remarkable late start-up, small scale, and rapid growth compared to developed countries such as Europe and America.
Parity and quality are at a high level, market demand tends to be high, product upgrading is now dominant, market growth space is limited, and growth is low while maintaining a high share; by contrast, there is a huge demand for product penetration in the Chinese market, with a large volume space, which will maintain a high-speed expansion for a long time to come. According to data from the Chinese Medical Materials Association, Chinese medical equipment will be available in 2016.
The size of the arms market is about 370 billion, an increase of 20.13% over the previous year; our market for medical devices is expected to be 442.5 billion yuan in 2017, with a combined overall growth rate of 20.5% in nearly 10 years, well above the combined growth rate of 6.5% for the world as a whole. Even so, it is still less than 15% of the world ' s $405 billion market for medical equipment in 2017, and China ' s share in the global market is still less than 15% by population ratio.
In March 2009, the State Council announced its intention to deepen the reform of the medical and health system.
See, for the first time, the concept of a class-based clinic was introduced, and in September 2015 the "Guidance for the Promotion of a Class-based Clinical System " was officially published, setting out the criteria for the evaluation of the class-based clinic and the indicators for all aspects of the data, and the system is being developed rapidly. Subsequently, the number of documents on the class-based system has increased significantly, requiring gradual refinement and results. According to China ' s statistics bulletin on the development of the health-care system, 2010
(b) Beginning in 2015, level I and II hospitals began to grow at a rate of up to 25 per cent in 2015, with the number of level I and II hospitals reaching 10290 and 8679 by August 2018, with the number of hospitals increasing to reach primary medical facilities.
The country has a competitive advantage in terms of demand at the grass-roots level. By promoting a graded medical service, encouraging social capital to run a medical service, the country has contributed to a gradual decline in the resources available for advanced medical care, attracting patients to primary health-care institutions.
At the same time, primary health-care institutions are relatively sensitive to prices and are not economical to purchase high-cost imported devices because of such factors as the cost of use and the level of consumption of the group of patients. In the past, this part of the institution received fewer cases, provided fewer diagnostic services, and demanded fewer medical devices, with a lower market share. However, as the system of graded medical treatment has been reformed, it has become less expensive.
In September 2018, the National Board of Health and Health, in conjunction with the National Health and Medical Administration, issued the National Board of Health and Health and the National Central and Medical Administration's report on the implementation of the “Quality Service Base”
The circular, which provides guidance on the standards of service capacity of township health centres and community health services centres, is expected to result in large-scale equipment procurement needs if all health facilities are built at the grass-roots level.
In recent years, the State Council, among others, has put in place a number of policies related to the medical equipment industry, including prioritizing approval, encouraging innovation and so on, to further guide and promote the development of the medical equipment industry.
In 2014, the Directorate-General for the Supervision of Food and Drugs issued the Special Process for the Approval of Innovative Medical Devices (on a trial basis) and set up an ad hoc fast-track review channel for medical devices, namely, “Approving the Green Corridor”. In September 2015, it officially published the "Promotion of the Classification and Treatment System " .
In 2014-2018, the Chinese Medical Equipment Association, under the authority of the Planning and Information Department of the National Health Council, selected the first to fourth batch of “excellent national medical equipment” for medical imaging, radiotherapy, external diagnosis, etc.
In 2018, the Special Review Procedure for Innovative Medical Devices was revised to give special treatment to the required declaration of medical devices, which generally accelerates the process of placing them on the market for three to six months.
In terms of priority approval and procurement, incentives for innovation in domestic equipment, upgrading of import substitution, and a policy of graded consultations have also contributed to grass-roots expansion, with a number of factors contributing to the continuation of high growth in the industry. The level of research and development among domestic manufacturers of medical equipment is increasing.
The combination of high-tech technologies, such as traditional industry and biomedical engineering, electronic information technology, and modern medical imaging technology, is characterized by high barriers and moderate concentrations. High-end equipment and cutting-edge technology for medical devices are mainly in the hands of advanced countries such as Europe and the United States, which, thanks to their higher technological barriers and the capital power of large multinational enterprises, have long held the dominant position in the world’s high-end medical equipment market.
The rate of domestic imports of medical equipment has remained constant at less than 10%, and the volume of foreign trade in medical equipment in 2016 reached $38.9 billion, of which $18.4 billion was imported, an increase of 6.3% from the same year, a decrease of 3.5 percentage points from 2015. The development of the medical equipment industry, as a high-end technology industry, is dependent on significant investment in research and development.
According to China’s Health Industry Blue Book, the total operating income of the top 20 medical appliances in 2017 was 50.319 billion yuan, while research and development investment amounted to 2,270 million yuan, representing an average of 4.51% of the operating income. In comparison, the share of research and development investment in the world’s medical appliances industry was 8.7% in 2017, and has remained at more than 8% for many years.
Over the past 10 years, China’s medical equipment industry has continued to improve in terms of technology and product quality, and domestic leading companies have made great strides in developing and developing innovations. The domestic equipment company, Murray, produced China’s first O2 Saturation Conservator, meta-503a, produced China’s first portable multi-parameter monitor, pm 9000, semi-automatic three-class blood cell analyser bc-2000, full numbers.
Black and white ultrasound dp-9900, among others, creates a competitive advantage for firms whose research and development is at the core of their competitiveness. Soft East has pioneered the development of a national product, the world’s first ultra-velocity spectrometry product, which was developed in 2017, moving rapidly to the market. Leuph’s full-degradation vascular supports, neovas, have become the only one in the world to sell degradation.
Policy guidance, industry integration, and corporate research and development will continue to grow rapidly and steadily. The growth rate will be slightly higher, as will the growth of equipment panels, monitors, lighthouses, anaesthesia machines, which are able to maintain a higher average growth rate than the industry.
71.96 per cent, the main reason for the increased capacity of the plate is the high-end R7 series of national level-III hospitals and the foreign market cost assumption for the period of 4. It is clear that companies continue to strengthen cost management, reduce efficiency gains, and that their performance over the next three years, on a large scale, will continue to yield a 20 per cent compound increase, with a certain premium.
For the first time, we've covered it with an increased rating. 1. Risks of input collection and price reduction have, in many cases, been associated with a waste collection policy that will not exclude the possibility of gathering or strengthening management at the national level in the future.ivd
The reagents for the plate may be at risk of price reduction; moreover, other equipment-type products of the company may be at risk of price reduction in the broader context of sophisticated management of health insurance costs. If the renminbi continues to depreciate against the United States dollar on average and at the beginning of the period of comparison at the end of the period, there will be a positive contribution to the company’s net profits and net interest rates.
Conversely, negative impacts. In the context of China-United States trade frictions, the company’s whole-line exports to the United States are mostly the first 34 billion QCs, the custodian market is relatively mature in the country, there are a large number of domestic competitors in the lower-middle-to-low market, the corporate custodian has launched a series of high-end Ns, assuming that the market is not expanding as expected, and there is a risk of a decline in the share of the custodian market; and the domestic tertiary hospital market is over-procured.
Foreign brands, assuming a firm’s high-end competition for FDI, assuming that practical applications such as product performance are not as predictable as they are, have access to high-end markets both at home and abroad. The upgrading of corporate products is based on R & D, and it is well known that R & D activities are high-intensity, high-risk, long-cycle, one-time.
New technology R & D has been blocked or failed, resulting in a lack of success in upgrading the company’s products, which could affect the further upturn in the market share of the product line.