Méri Medical (300760.sz) Medical equipment iii
The three main lines of business go hand in hand, with a prominent advantage: the company published its annual report for 2018, the company achieved business income of 13.753 billion yuan in 2018, and the net profits of the company grew faster than they did: the company achieved business income of 13.753 billion yuan in 2018, a year-on-year increase.
Net profits in liquidity (millions of shares) grew significantly faster than the growth in revenue, mainly as a result of the upgrading of the company ' s product structure, a gradual increase in the share of products at the middle and high end, and an increase in management efficiency, with significant increases in net interest rates.
In 2018, the company's three main lines of business rose by more than 20 per cent, of which life information and support income was $5,224 million, an increase of 23.33 per cent.
Overall products have grown better, with high-end supervision, high-end anaesthesia and high-end respirators entering more hospitals. In vitro diagnosis has yielded $4,626 million, an increase of 23.66 per cent. Chemical luminous products have increased significantly with the increase in the number of loads and reagent varieties, and the introduction of LED products in 19 years is expected to increase further.
Increased performance. Medical imagery generated revenue of $3.597 billion, an increase of 22.55 per cent over the same period. Corporate ultrasound products now cover the country’s lower end of the high-school market, and the international market’s market share is gradually increasing.
0.49 pct; financial cost of 1.13%, a significant decrease of 3.52 pct over the same year, mainly the proportion received as a result of changes in exchange gains and losses is maintained at 10%. With regard to research results, in 2018, the company launched a new generation of intermediate custodians, epm telemetry system upgrades, te series upgrades, Zonare series upgrades, and mid- and low-end full new x-insight
Murray Medical Care: Performance is as expected, leading advantage: series, high-speed immunoanalyst cl-6000i, mini-chemical desktop immunoanalyst cl-9000i, sal 9000 biochemistry cascades, high-speed biochemical analyser bs-2000m product upgrades, etc.
The company has also undertaken three priority projects for the Ministry of Science and Technology, which are recognized and supported by the State in the development of new products and clinical demonstration applications for high-end products.
The network of marketing services is strong: the company’s products now cover 110,000 medical institutions and more than 99% of the country’s three hospitals, including the country’s well-known Beijing Association and Hospital, the China People’s Liberation Army General Hospital, the Shanghai Reking Hospital, etc. The company’s products on the international market are the Mayo Clinic, the Johns Hopkins Hospital, the Massachusetts General Hospital, Cleveland, etc.
Long-term partners in leading health-care institutions around the world, such as the Medical Center. In 2018, the company’s products were successfully placed in a number of high-end health-care institutions, including the University of Sorbonne Teaching Hospital in France, the Royalapworthhopital Hospital, the San Juan Dios Children’s Hospital in Sibán.
The Director-General is now technically able to compete with foreign cutting edge products, high-end chemical luminous, automated waterlines, high-end specialist colours, etc.
In 2020 and 2021, the revenues were $16,715 million, $20,276 million and $24,597 million. The net profit was one, the net profit was kept up faster and the Māori rate remained stable. The company achieved business income of 13,753 million yuan in 2018, an increase of 23.09 per cent, and the net return to the mother was 3,719 million yuan.
The net profits of the company grew by 43.65% over the same period. The net profits of the company grew significantly higher than the growth rate, mainly as a result of the upgrading of the company’s product structure, the gradual increase in the share of medium- and high-end products, the rising efficiency of management operations, and the significant increase in net interest rates.
The profit of 823 million yuan, or 38.32 per cent more than the previous year (the ring + 8.24 per cent), showed a steady increase, with the company’s three main sectors of business moving in tandem and developing in a balanced manner. The highest share of the company’s share in 2018 was still the life information and support plate, which accounted for 40.79 per cent; the second was the external diagnostic plate, which accounted for 28.94 per cent; and the medical image, which accounted for 28.94 per cent.
The percentage of the plates was 28.08 per cent, and the basic and in vitro diagnostic plates were the same.
II. The three major business plates have developed in a balanced manner, moving in parallel1 with the life information and support sections. The Māori rate has been consistently high at 65.71 per cent.
Figure 9: Corporate Life Information and Support Block Collection (millions of yuan) Figure 10: Corporate Life Information and Support Block Māori Rate (%)
At 26.02%, sales of anaesthesia machines, defibrillators, lightbeds, etc. are increasing by more than 30%. At the domestic level, there has been a steady increase in the occupancy of test products, with high-end supervision, high-end anaesthesia, and high-end respirators entering more hospitals for serious illnesses and anaesthesia.
Large and complex hospitals and teaching hospitals have gained a greater interest in medical consortium procurement and a growing reputation for branding. Chemical luminous immune products have grown dramatically as instruments have been upgraded and reagent types have increased. The new market opportunities for companies will be created by the launch of the HID products in 2019. The sale of blood cell analysers and biochemistry analysers has also been stable.
Blood cell products meet the specific needs of domestic users, blood cylindrical water lines are favoured by industry experts, and products have entered Trina Hospitals in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Hangzhou, etc.
The company’s medical video business generated revenue of $3.597 billion, an increase of 22.56%, and its Māori level of 71.00%, with 21,029 sales out of colour, an increase of 20.21%. The company’s ultrasound series now fully covers the country’s low-end markets, with high-end, super-fast access to large tertiary level A hospitals.
19 of the top 20 teaching hospitals in the United States are using Murray's best colour.
In 2018, the company launched a new generation of middle-end custodians epm series, n series of high-end custodians in North America, benefusion.
Pump ease of use and performance upgrades, tm80 telemetry upgrades, te series product upgrades, zonare series upgrades, mid- and low-end new x-insight series, high-speed immune analysercl-6000i, mini-chemical desktop immune analysercl-9000i, sal9000 bio-immun cascades, high-speed bio-chemical analyser bs-2000m product upgrades of high-speed bio-analysis bs-2000m products, a series of high-performance and quality in the same order of markets
Credible, cost-effective products and upgrades. Companies focused on the protection of autonomous intellectual property rights through patents, with 738 new patent applications and 174 authorizations throughout 2018; 3989 patent applications and 2,742 authorizations until the end of 2018.
In 2018, the company won two prizes for good industrial design in China, and four awards for red spots and ifs. The company took on three priority projects of the Ministry of Science and Technology: the new ophthalmology multi-parameter ultrasound system, a three-tier demonstration base for prevention and treatment with high birth defects, such as congenital heart disease and micro-reduced heart disease-related micro-deficit, and the digestive tract based on national production innovation equipment.
Model Study on Early Cancer Screening and Cervical Cancer Clinical Applications, approved and supported by the State in the development of new products and clinical demonstration applications for high-end products. In the fifth series of high-quality nationally produced medical equipment products, published on 24 March 2019, the company had a total of four models.
Automatic urine workstations, five models of defibrillators, eight models of abdominal mirrors, seven models of injection pumps, six models of infusion pumps, six models of portable infusion pumps and two models of infusion workstations are selected. On the one hand, the excellent characteristics of the company’s medical equipment products are shown, and are an important reference for the procurement of medical equipment by hospitals at all levels.
The company’s products now cover 110,000 medical institutions and more than 99% of the tri-a-hospitals throughout the country, including the country’s well-known Beijing Association and Hospital, the China People’s Liberation Army General Hospital, and the Shanghai Reakin Hospital.
There has been a high brand reputation, domestic market occupancy continues to rise steadily, and high-end supervision, high-end anaesthesia, and high-end respirators have entered more hospitals for severe illness and anaesthesia. In vitro diagnostic products are being sold with increasing loads and reagents, waterlines are being introduced into three hospitals in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Hangzhou, etc., which represent the highest level of medical care in the country.
At the international market, the company’s products are long-term partners in leading health-care institutions around the world, such as the Mayo Clinic, John Hopkins Hospital, Massachusetts General Hospital, Cleveland Medical Heart. In 2018, the company’s products successfully entered many high-end health-care institutions to survive.
In the area of life information and support, for example, the company has continued to break through high-end client groups such as the French first largest group of hospitals, the University of Sorbonne Teaching Hospital, France; the British largest cardio-pulmonary specialized hospital, the Royalpapworthhospital Hospital; and the Spanish San Juan Dios Children's Hospital, which has been evaluated as the best-managed hospital in West Bank.
As the leading medical equipment company in the world, the company has a clear edge. The company is now technologically able to match the state-of-the-art products of guardianship, blood-ball analysers, medium-low-end colours, high-end chemical luminous, automated waterlines, high-end specialist colours, and so on.
(c) Price reduction risk: double vote risk: patent dispute risk: trade war risk: research and development failure risk: merger and acquisition risk: exchange rate