M.M.M. (300760) Medical biology is on the rise to the global market of a national medical device, the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
Recommended logic: 1) Autonomous R & D with extended M & A, expanding the company mounds; 2) Domestic market: Demand for import substitution and tiered medical treatment remains strong for the next 10 years, with companies leading up to nationally produced medical devices that can fully benefit from the industrial growth dividend, with potential revenues expected to reach $20.2 billion in the current business country; 3) Overseas
Markets: A well-developed global marketing system for companies, with increasing brand recognition in high-end markets, while international emerging markets have great growth potential, overseas markets will become important growth points for companies, with potential overseas revenues from existing operations expected to reach $26.8 billion.)
In vitro diagnosis: Chemical light is expected to sustain the eruption growth, and biochemistry and blood cells are also expected.) Chemical
(b) Biochemical diagnostics: the long-term trend is towards system closure, and companies are relying on diagnostics as a result of a general trend of import substitution and rapid release of instruments and reagents.
The instruments have market advantages and continuously reduce the cost of diagnostic reagents, triggering rapid reagents; 3) blood cylindrical instruments; Superstar products, product performance and technology are comparable to those of the international giants, and are expected to grow faster with graded consultations and import substitution. We expect companies to earn $4.28 billion in diagnostic reagents in 2020, overall.
Medical images: Import substitution is more certain and high-end products are dynamic in the global market. 1) With respect to the new market, there is an increased demand for all levels of health-care facilities, with a significant expansion of the industry, and a projected $30 billion in new market addition to the supermarket, which is a top priority for the country, with preference given to national production for procurement, and to the benefit of national producers;
2) In the stock market, where high-end markets are now dominated by imports, import substitution is about to accelerate with the company ' s dc and resona series of truly high-end colours; 3) in overseas markets, North American regional companies are fast-disbursing and, driven by the demonstration effect of high-end markets in North America, are expected to expand rapidly.
Regional high-end markets, with rapid growth. Corporate medical imagery plates are expected to generate $5.39 billion in life information and support in 2020: custodian market space is still large and other products are growing steadily. 1) Guardianship: First, the company ' s share of the domestic market is superior to the high-end market and grass-roots penetration process; global market share
The third largest share of circulation (billion shares), followed by continued market grabs with good slogans and high value for money, has become the world's number-one bottom-up company, with more room for upgrading the high-end market in the country, and with the ability to expand overseas markets.
Potential of the field: 4) Lighthouses: The current penetration rate is high, with domestic growth points mainly replacing imports and the new hospital market. The company ' s income from life information and support plate is expected to be $6.75 billion in 2020.
The company, which is the leader of a home-grown medical instrument, will have a leading advantage in domestic import substitution and grass-roots release, with more than 20 per cent of the growth in large product lines, while the company's overseas market has cultivated for many years, and the global marketing network is well developed, covering basically major countries and countries around the globe.
2. Méri Medical (300,760): The long-term high growth trend of the Division is determined to be higher. We value the company 45 times the market value in 2019.
Life information and support: benefits from high-end series of products entering high-end markets both inside and outside the country, with reduced production advantages on a scale
The market considers medical devices to be cyclical and is concerned about the company ' s continued high growth in the future. First, we believe that the cyclicality of medical devices in the country is decreasing: anti-corruption in the country ' s public hospitals in 2013-2015, with the fear of bidding, has led to a long-term increase in industry, and the current cyclicality of medical devices as a result of procurement is decreasing in the context of anti-corruption and bid normality.
We believe that cyclicality is weak with the diversification of corporate markets abroad: now that corporate business covers a number of countries, such as North America, Europe and Latin America, the impact of single markets on corporate business has gradually diminished, i.e., the cyclical nature of international markets. Thirdly, we believe that the new products that the Department of Public Affairs continues to introduce will allow companies to move through the cycle and grow at a rapid rate: companies account for 10 per cent of annual revenues from R & D investment.
By and large, new products in recent years, represented by the n series of custody, dc, and resona series of ultrasound, and chemical light, are fast releasing, driving firms to grow faster than industry averages and to grow faster. Markets view domestic markets as the main growth point for firms, ignoring overseas markets as another strategic priority for firms.
We consider the company to be a pioneer in the foreign market for domestically produced medical devices, and the company has long identified an internationalized development path, with more high-end products entering the overseas market through the integration of overseas channels and the integration of advanced technology platforms overseas. Taking into account the evolution of the international medical equipment giant, we judge that the company’s overseas market revenues will go beyond the domestic market, helping the company.
It is one of the giants in the global market for medical devices.1 The three major players in the company have reduced sales volumes or costs, leading to higher-performance expectations; 2) the company has introduced new heavy-pound products; and 3) the company has integrated its product core technology or product distribution channels.
32.8 times and 26.7 times. Companies are the champions of domestically produced medical devices, with good business growth trends across sections and segments, with potential competitors emerging in the domestic and overseas markets 1) and there may be a risk of increased competition in the future; 2) high-end products are particularly new and new, with market access and doctoral education taking time and may be short-lived
(iii) Overseas markets, particularly emerging markets, are more affected by exchange rate fluctuations and may have a higher risk of exchange gain or loss than anticipated;
5. The development of high-end medical devices or diagnostic reagents is somewhat difficult, with the possibility of new products being under-developed as expected 6)) The company actually controls Li Sitting, who is older, and will or will have the wind of the retirement of the core figure affecting the normal operation of the company1 based on Shenzhen, which is world-oriented and represents the rise of China ' s medical apparatus
1.1 China’s largest and leading global provider of medical equipment was founded in 1991 and listed in September 2006 in New York, taking into account the strategic location of the Chinese market in 2015. The company is now China’s largest and leading provider of medical equipment and solutions, as well as innovative research and development and internationalization.
The stage of company development can be divided into three main stages: Creation and exploration: early company operations are dominated by medical devices, such as proxy monitors, and the accumulation of seed money \triangleright
After that, the company began to try to develop its own products, and in 1992, the company’s first autonomous R & D product, the Blood Oxygen Saturation Guardian, was introduced, laying the groundwork for firm autonomous R & D routes.
The Department established the Beijing Research and Development Centre, which launched China’s first full-automatic blood cell analyser, China’s first full-automatic biochemistry analyser, and China’s first full-digit black and white ultrasound series of products. The internationalization and diversification phase: companies were listed in the United States in 2006 to launch a strategic course for globalization.
\triangleright establishes the New Jersey Research and Development Center, the Stockholm Research and Development Center, Sweden, to expand its research and development capabilities.
In 2010, the new branding strategy was fully launched, creating an internationalized brand image for future development.
Figure 1: Company development history. The director of the company, Li Saitin, and director, Seo-Air, are the corporate real controllers, of which Li Sit-Ain indirectly holds 26.90 per cent of the company ' s shares through the smartco development and 24.43 per cent through Magnificence(hk)
A fully-owned subsidiary with 38 fully-owned subsidiaries abroad. Figure 2: Corporate equity structure and corporate structure 1.2 Sustained high growth in revenue and net profits and growing profitability of firms driven by R & D
Since its inception, the company has gradually expanded from a single product to a multi-product line, which is now the largest of its domestic counterparts, with domestic markets gradually entering the global market, extending from low-end to high-end products. International operations have also begun to improve, and corporate revenue and net profits have increased significantly.
The company ' s operations are divided into three main sections: Life Information and Support, In vitro Diagnosis and Medical Images, 38.0 per cent of Life Information and Support Income in 2017, 33.5 per cent of In vitro Diagnosis Income, 26.3 per cent of Medical Image Income, and an increase in In vitro Diagnosis Income in recent years.
The growth rate is 9.3%, which currently accounts for 46.0% of the company ' s total revenue. The overall Māori ratio is stable as the product line expands from the middle to the lower end of the spectrum to the middle to the upper end of the spectrum, depending on Māori.
In 2017, most of the company ' s products were sold through distributors, and a small number of high-end products were sold directly from companies to windows hospitals, private groups, strategic clients, and government departments.
As most countries find it difficult to find good dealers’ resources, and companies tend to sell directly abroad, leading to higher sales costs. In recent years, companies have been strengthening their internal management, dealers’ management, and integration of the global marketing system, with company sales costs rising from 14.9 per cent to 14.9 per cent per year, and Māori rates have led to a significant increase in corporate profitability, compared to 2015 and 2017.
The development of medical equipment in the country is vast, the production of medical equipment is rising rapidly, and there is still much room for development in the country as compared to abroad. In the last two decades, the emerging economies, led by China, have developed rapidly, and domestic medical equipment products have been widely available and upgraded.
According to China’s Blue Book of Medical Devices, the domestic market for medical devices reached 442.5 billion yuan in 2017, with a combined growth rate of 20.16% in 2011-2017, which is much faster than the global average. On the domestic front, the market for medical devices is also growing at a much faster rate than the market for medicines, but in terms of consumption, it is home-based medicine.
The per capita consumption of medical devices and drugs is only 0.35:1, while the global average is about 0.7:1, the developed countries are about 0.98:1, and there is much room for growth in the domestic market for medical devices. 2.2 The share of domestic production remains low, and import substitution is urgently needed in a number of areas
Medical devices are a multidisciplinary cross-cutting industry, with more detailed areas. Market shares show that the world market for medical devices was the largest in vitro diagnosis in 2017, followed by cardiovascular, medical imagery and bone surgery.
Up to 16%, followed by in vitro diagnostics and low-value consumables. Domestic markets for high-end medical equipment have been dominated by import brands such as Madonli, Philip, Siemens, etc., in areas with higher technical content such as MRI, ct, ultrasound instruments, cellular images (pet-ct), etc.
It is a brand monopoly for imports. The country’s medical equipment industry, which has developed relatively late, is now concentrated in the lower-middle market, but some of the domestic medical equipment has the strength to compete positively with imported products at the technical level, such as heart racks, guardianships, anaesthetics, biochemicals, blood analysers and ultrasounds.
The demand side of 2.3.1: The demand for medical equipment at all levels of health care institutions is high, and the demand for health care for the elderly in the country is greater as life expectancy continues to rise in China and the ageing process accelerates.
The demand for medical devices such as medical imaging, in vitro diagnosis, cardiovascular devices, or osteoporosis, etc., has also continued to grow. In public hospitals, CVM statistical yearbook data show that in 2017, the intake of medicines in public hospitals increased 0.39 times, from 40.1% to 31.1%; and in health materials, 1.71%, from 7.7%.
With such measures as limiting the ratio of medicines and eliminating the addition of medicines, the profitability of medicines and the increase in the profitability of medical devices, large public hospitals will have a stronger incentive to purchase medical devices to increase their income. At the grass-roots level of the market, graded consultations are a key element in the reform of the medical cycle, with the aim of sinking medical resources.
Hospitals at the tertiary level have long been a major force in the procurement of medical equipment, but the dynamics of the market at the grass-roots level are gradually being released through the use of graded consultations.
By the end of November 2018, the number of health facilities in the country stood at more than 1 million, with 95 million primary health-care facilities, up to 94.6 per cent of the total, according to the number of consultations, reaching 3.64 billion in the period January-October 2018, while the number of consultations in private hospitals, although only 430 million, rose at a high rate.
14.2 per cent, with great potential for the primary health-care market, where the distribution of health-care resources in the country had been extremely uneven, where the level of medical equipment was far below that of public hospitals at all levels, where there was a stronger demand for equipment configuration or upgrading, and where the primary market would be a future market for medical equipment.
2.3.2 At the policy end: the State supports import substitution and innovation of state-made equipment. The State Council, China Manufacturing 2025, states that our medical equipment industry will reach 1.2 trillion by 2025, with 70 per cent of the high-end medical equipment in state production in county hospitals and 70 per cent of the domestic market for national production of core components.
In terms of procurement, the Law of the People's Republic of China on Government Procurement provides that medicines and medical devices produced in the country will meet the requirements.
Some provinces have issued specific measures to support national production of medical equipment in procurement or bidding. The state has also encouraged innovation in national production, and since 2014 the Chinese Medical Equipment Association has conducted several rounds of excellent national production medicine.
Of the four batches of 32, which have been completed, the company has successfully selected 10, the largest number of selected medical devices. Table 5: Selection of excellent national medical equipment
In terms of the approval of innovative equipment, in 2014 the Drug Control Board issued the Special Approval Procedure for Innovative Medical Devices (Application), and in 2016 it issued the Notice on Priority Approval Procedure for Medical Devices, which provides for the immediate need for medical equipment and medical equipment stocks.
Table 7: Innovative research and development capacity policy for medical appliances, which has been implemented since the implementation of the policy on special approval procedures for innovative medical devices, has been increasing in the number of products entering innovative medical clearances every year.
By December 31, 2018, 54 products had been placed on the market through special approval channels, of which 21 products had been placed on the market in 2018.
Figure 23: Special approval data for Innovative Medical Devices 2018 2.4 Research and Development (R & D)-driven industrial upgrading, which is represented by companies, is on the rise, and in terms of geographical distribution, the country ' s medical equipment industry is currently concentrated in the Pearl Triangle, the Long Triangle and the Ring Sea III.
There are 3,743 medical appliances in Guangdong province, the largest medical equipment enterprise in the country. The number of medical appliances listed in a stock unit and in Hong Kong is higher in Guangdong province, which is among the highest in the country.
In terms of R & D inputs, the rate of increase in R & D investment in major medical appliances in the country has remained at 30 - 40% in recent years, and the increase in R & D expenditure has been significant. In terms of R & D investment as a percentage of revenue, the share of major medical appliances in the country has remained around 8 - 11%, which is higher than the level of R & D investment in major medical appliances worldwide.
A good foundation has been laid for the rise of domestically produced medical devices. After many years of research and development, there has been a significant increase in the technical and quality of domestically produced medical devices. Although there is still a large gap between large equipment and import brands, in some areas of partial disaggregation, national production has already started or completed most of the import substitution cases.
For example, the company, as the leader in the development of medical devices, has the third largest market in the country and globally, with the core products of the five-class blood cylindrical, fully automated biochemistry and colour superb products at the world ' s advanced level and has begun to move to high-end markets, both within and outside the country: in the area of heart racks and heart blockers, the market share of national production instruments has exceeded that of imported products, of which Leip ' s medical performance is the most visible;
Shanghai Films is gradually penetrating the high-end image market of magnetic resonance equipment, 64 rows and above, and the opening of medical treatment has also begun to penetrate the high Qing.
Starting with innovation and high-end, a group of nationally produced medical devices, represented by companies, is rapidly rising.3 Companies, or growing up as international giants, still have several times the potential to grow their income. Looking back at the company's development over the past 30 years, we believe that it can achieve what it has achieved now, without two important things.
Inner drivers: autonomous R & D and extended M & As. Autonomous R & D allows companies to keep new products available to meet changing clinical needs and maintain market competitiveness; A & D helps companies expand their areas of business to widen product lines, while introducing advanced technology through M & As can also increase the technical content of their products and accelerate access to high-end markets. A & D and E & M will also be companies.
Long-term development drivers for the future. Domestically: there is still much room for improvement in the market for medical devices, multiple areas of breakdown are in urgent need of substitution for imports, while the potential market for medical institutions at the grass-roots level is large, the demand for domestic import substitution and grass-roots discharges is expected to remain strong over the next decade, and companies are still in demand.
On the international front, companies have established a process of internationalization long ago, with a larger global market than the Chinese market, and international emerging markets going through a period of surge in demand for medical equipment. The global market will be the company’s long-term growth point.
As the quality of corporate products continues to improve, the international reach of brands continues to expand, more products are entering high-end and emerging markets, both domestic and foreign, and companies are expected to maintain high growth over the longer term.
In "Import Substitution Positive + Global Market Dynamics" landmark event: the acquisition of datascope custody
The key time point is to start the internationalization process.
Long-term drivers, big-time, big-time, future acquisitions, with a focus on marketing channels and cutting-edge technology.
A historic opportunity for companies to represent the rise of national production, enjoy full policy dividends, open up high-end markets and open the path to the growth of global medical equipment.
Some of the products are exported to overseas markets, brand recognition, full access to high-end global markets, including China, and full participation in internationalized competition.
The initial phase, 3.1, is the innovation research and development pole, and the continuous development of new products as a core engine for long-term development. Unlike drug innovation, medical instrument innovation is more of an improved innovation, slow technological change, rapid product rotation.
There is therefore a need for sustained and intense investment in research and development to ensure that products are not updated more frequently than the market does, and that the higher frequency of updating also makes it less likely that the cost of large-scale controls on medical devices will be reduced. The company, which is the leader of domestic research and development on medical devices, has maintained a high priority for research and development since its inception, and is currently owned by the company.
Nearly 1,700 R & D personnel, with a total patent volume of over 3,000, 19% American inventions patented, and the company’s only leading medical device in 2017, the National Development Commission’s top 50 companies with patents on inventions. The company has eight major R & D centers around the world, and works with top medical institutions to build core units.
Figure 26: The company ' s eight major R & D centres, Figure 27: The share of research and development inputs in the company ' s well-known national health institutions, which have remained between 8 and 10 per cent between 2002 and 2017,
Although the share of R & D inputs is not the highest in the domestic industry, in absolute terms, it is higher than in the domestic industry, whose average R & D investment in 2015-2017 is $1 billion. Thanks to years of R & D investment, the company’s main products are kept up to date, for example, in biochemistry.
In the area of research and development, the company is currently developing multiple products around three product lines, life information and support, with a focus on the new generation of custodians and products such as defibrillators, anaesthesia machines and new injection pumps: in vitro diagnostics: high.
End biochemistry, high end condensation blood analysis system and chemical light detection products; medical image focus layout: medium- and high-end colour superproducts. 3.2 Internationalization: extension is dominated by distribution channels and advanced technology.
The broad scope of operations, but the technical background of the different break-down areas is quite different, and it is generally difficult to extend the technical advantages of the previous areas to other areas, and as a result extended M&As have become a shortcut to fast-tracking into another area. In 2018, for example, the world’s medical equipment, the head of Medelli, generated $29.95 billion in business income, from operations.
Structuredly, the business system is vast, covering a number of areas, including cardiovascular, spinal, micro-start therapy, and diabetes. From the 1950’s, Medley started as a proxy medical device, creating the neurosynthetic and corrosive valves sector in 1976-1977, respectively, to consolidate it in the cardiovascular field by purchasing physiocontrol and ave in 1997-1999.
Looking back at the history of Madonli’s ongoing M&As as an important means of supporting the company’s growth, M.M. Medicals also insist on a strategy of extended M&As, such as the company’s acquisition of the datascope custodian business in 2008 to become a global one.
In general, corporate ownership of R & D and extended M & As has been synchronized, making the business more comprehensive and moving away from business.
Dependence on a single variety has become the leader of the country's integrated medical apparatus. 3.3 Domestic market: release of demand for deployment at all levels of health-care institutions.
There is also a need to increase medical equipment at all levels of health care, using two more important policies as examples: 1) Upgrade the comprehensive capacity of district hospitals: In 2018, the Health and Health Board issued the Programme for the Full Upgrading of the Integrated Capacity of District Hospitals (2018-2020), which calls for further upgrading of the capacity of district hospitals to provide integrated services in an effort to achieve an intra-district attendance rate
About 90%. The programme proposes that by 2020, 500 district hospitals and district hospitals will have met the capacity requirements for services at the level-III and level-III hospitals, respectively. These 500 hospitals will focus on strengthening pathology, medical testing (clinical fluids, blood, clinical microbiology, clinical microbiology, etc.)
There will be a marked increase in demand for the procurement of medical equipment related to national production in the fields of chemical testing, clinical immunology, serobiology, molecular biology, medical imaging (x-line diagnosis, ct diagnosis, magnetic resonance imaging diagnosis, ultrasound diagnosis, electrocardio-cardiodiagnostic diagnosis, electrocephalogram diagnosis, etc.).
(2) Construction of five major medical centres: Since 2017, the former Commission has issued several communications calling for the establishment of five major medical centres in hospitals at level II and above (breast pain centres, pawn centres, trauma centres, centres for the care of women at risk, centres for the treatment of children at risk and newborns), and there are ongoing programmes to implement them in the provinces.
In accordance with the Commission’s requirements for the equipment of medical centres, the demand for video equipment, ultrasound, in vitro diagnostic products, cardiovascular/bone consumables, etc. will increase significantly in the next five major medical centres, which will be more cost-effective than national equipment. To measure the impact of import substitution and the use of medical institutions at all levels on the market space for medical equipment, we are looking at it with a great deal of appreciation.
For example, three main clusters of new markets for the future are assumed: the construction of medical centres, the upgrading of district hospitals and the procurement of base-level medical institutions, all of which are expected to be occupied by national producers in the current policy environment, using a centralized procurement approach with a relatively low winning price and a final calculation of potential additional market space for the premium, as follows:
1. Five major medical centres: as of the end of November 2018, the number of level III hospitals in the country was 2,498, the number of level II hospitals was 8806, assuming that level III hospitals were equipped with high-end colours, the number of level II hospitals equipped with high-end colours, a conservative estimate of the minimum number of five major medical centres, assuming a minimum of three additional units for level III hospitals and two additional units for level II hospitals,
The size of the top five medical centres is estimated at RMB 9 billion; 2) District hospitals are upgraded: according to our research, the current average number of level-III hospitals is 15; level-II hospitals are 5 over-average, assuming 500 district-level hospitals are built, and the number of coloured hospitals is increased by 10, at a price of RMB 500,000 per station, corresponding to the market
In addition to the new market, the future stock market will be as large as a replacement space. It is assumed that the number of future health institutions at all levels will not be the same.
By a further change, it has 18, 7, 2 and 0.2, with an average replacement frequency of five years, with a final estimate of $15.77 billion in annual market space for the country’s braiding industry. Overall, there is still more than $30 billion in growth space in the domestic bran market, while the future stock market will be updated annually.
The market size of the generation can also be $15.77 billion, and the company, as the country’s top national market share, also has a high-end, super-productive capacity, which will continue to grow rapidly for a long time to come. These are the calculations for a breakdown of the super-market, and there are now more tremors, anesthesia machines, custodians, biochemists, etc. in the country.
Given the fact that the demand for instrumentation and substitution for imports is far from being met in the country, the very low per capita consumption of medical devices and medicines, and the policy support for domestic appliances, we believe that the next decade will be a good opportunity for the rapid rise of high-quality manufacturers of domestic appliances.
3.4 International markets: high-end and emerging markets are long-term growth points for companies, and international markets have been an important development for companies and a major advantage for companies to take a lead over other firms in their domestic counterparts, which now have 39 offshore affiliates in more than 30 countries in North America, Europe, Asia, Africa and Latin America.
The company’s products and solutions have been used in more than 190 countries and regions, creating huge marketing and service networks around the world. In high-end markets, the company’s products have entered about two-thirds of the United States’ hospitals, and the nation’s top ten heart hospitals.
There are nine companies that are using their products; in the top teaching hospitals in European countries such as England, Germany and France, companies also provide high-quality products and services to core units.
In recent years, the economic situation in international markets, particularly in emerging markets, has begun to improve, the demand for medical equipment has warmed, while companies, high-end products, have accelerated their entry into overseas markets, and sales earnings from other parts of the company in 2017, except for the North American market, which has declined somewhat in terms of growth, have been the largest overseas market for companies in the United States, which is currently growing at a relatively low rate in the United States.
The main reason for this is the high penetration and competition of the United States medical equipment market, and the fact that the United States, as a global centre for medical equipment development, has a strategy in the United States of America to help advance the global market by, inter alia, reaching high-end markets to enhance the international impact of its products.
In international emerging markets, India is the largest market for companies other than the United States, with relatively weak medical infrastructure, as well as a strong demand for medical devices, including in Russia and Latin America. We expect that, as the average income of emerging marketers increases, the demand for medical equipment will increase, compared to that of other developed countries.
The value-for-money advantage of a company’s products will be fully demonstrated, and competition will be more competitive. In terms of products, corporate custodians now have the highest degree of recognition abroad, and according to our research, custodians have more than 60% of overseas income, and medical video products are being spread rapidly in the North American market, and market recognition is increasing.
We believe that other high-end products of the company, such as anaesthesia machines, blood cylindricals, chemical luminators, etc., have reached international leadership levels, are well equipped to access high-end markets around the world and are expected to increase further in the future in terms of the growth of corporate income abroad.
The only medical equipment company in the world that has been selected for four consecutive years has been selected on the basis of a global competition from emerging markets and a global competition with multinational enterprises, which can also reflect to some extent the international competitiveness of companies. Table 16: Corporate operations cover countries.
At present, the domestic medical equipment industry is characterized by rapid growth, high growth space and low national production rates, and by policies such as import substitution and graded medical treatment, which, in addition to significantly expanding the sector, have also made a great deal of money available to domestic firms in terms of procurement and approval, and it is expected that future competition in the domestic market will benefit the company-represented head of the domestic production apparatus.
Based on our understanding of trends in the industry and our judgement on the future pattern of competition in the company ' s main products, we have estimated the potential revenue growth space for the company ' s current business, hoping to provide investors with some information (not taking into account that the projected size of the domestic diagnostic market for immunization exceeds 20 billion yuan, considering that chemical light has a very strong replacement for other diagnostic techniques for immunization).
Intergenerationality, as well as in-country penetration of immunization diagnostics, there is much room for improvement. The potential market size of the domestic chemical light is expected to reach 20 billion yuan. In the light of the competitive patterns of domestic chemical light and the competitive advantages of the company, conservatively projected market share of the company can be expected. Biochemical diagnostics: biochemical diagnostics account for about 20 per cent of the market share of external diagnosis, corresponding to the market size of 12 billion yuan.
The chemical diagnostic market has matured, assuming that the future biochemical diagnostic market will remain unchanged at $12 billion. At the same time, biochemical diagnostics. Earlier in the country, taking into account our assessment of trends in the biodiagnosing industry, it is expected that the domestic market will be largely dominated by national production in the future.
Blood analysis: Blood analysis currently accounts for a market share of 4 per cent of the in vitro diagnosis, corresponding to a market size of approximately 2.4 billion yuan, blood analysis has a high penetration rate at the high end of the market, but there is some room for penetration at the grass-roots level, domestic blood analysis is expected to be about 3 billion yuan in potential market size, taking into account the company's leading market position in the domestic blood analysis.
(a) 50 per cent in the future, corresponding to a market space of 30*50 per cent = 1.5 billion;
Based on previous estimates, it is expected that the size of the market for future annual renewals in the country ' s braiding industry will be approximately 15.7 billion yuan, and that other medical imagery operations are expected to account for 20 per cent of the overall market space for the company ' s medical image business, taking into account the support of domestic policies for the country ' s high levels of national production, as well as the coverage and market position of low-middle- and high-end markets for corporate products.
To 55.2 *10/8 = 6.9 billion Guardianships: in 2017, the sale of the corporate custodians was $1.62 billion, according to our research, the company's internal custodians received about $600.7 billion, the company's market share of the domestic custodians is now over 60 per cent, and we expect it to be 2017.
The market for guardianship devices is currently low (about 30%, with over 80% penetration in developed countries), considering that they are clinically important, and that the demand for them in the primary market will increase rapidly, and the potential market for them is expected to reach 3 billion yuan in the future.
Considering the strong position of corporate custodians in the country, the company's future market share is expected to reach 70 per cent, corresponding to a market size of 30*70 per cent = 2.1 billion yuan;
(b) Anaesthesia machines: the company collected $540 million in 2017, of which we believe the domestic revenue is at least $300 million.
In 2016, the reference company had a market share of about 11.2 per cent, and given that there was some room for penetration of an anaesthetic machines at the grass-roots level, we judged that an anaesthetic machines could reach at least 3 billion yuan in the future domestic market, that there was only one company currently producing high-end anaesthesia machines, and that, given the subsequent import substitution, the company ' s share in the domestic market was expected to reach at least 40 per cent in the future.
Lighthouses: The company earned 380 million yuan in 2017 and 9.9 per cent of the domestic market in 2017. The company ' s lightbeds are currently dominated by the domestic market, while the lightbeds, which are essential equipment for the operating room, are now relatively high in terms of penetration, and conservatively expect a future domestic market of around 4 billion yuan, assuming that the company ' s share of the domestic market can be reached in the future.
In 2017, the company's income from other life information and support products was $1.36 billion, and conservative estimates of future domestic revenue for other products need to be made to indicate that the company's overseas market involves more than 190 countries and territories, that the size of the global market and the company's share of the overseas market is difficult to determine accurately, and that it is therefore more difficult to estimate directly the market space abroad. We refer to the company's past.
The ratio of domestic and overseas income, and the importance that companies attach to overseas markets, is considered to be a relatively reasonable method of estimating domestic and overseas income. Life information and support: the plate, which is represented by a guardian, is now sold more overseas, and the plate will be used in the future.
It will also be a high degree of corporate internationalization, and as products such as follow-up monitors and anaesthetic machines continue to be released overseas, it is expected that offshore and domestic operations will reach a ratio of 6:4 in the future, corresponding to 64*6/4 = 9.6 billion in the overseas market; 2) medical imagery: with the acquisition of advanced technology in Sonare, the company ' s dc and resona series of high-end super-enrollment capabilities will be available
The strength of the global high-end market, coupled with the rapid availability of medical images in the North American region, is expected to reach the same ratio of 6:4 for the future, both overseas and within the country, corresponding to 69*6/4 = 10.35 billion yuan in the overseas market; 3) in vitro diagnosis: the plate is expected to export a relatively low proportion of other products besides the blood-cellometer and is expected to export abroad as a whole
(b) On the basis of the above, we estimate that the potential market space to obtain the global layout of the three parts of the company would be 64+96+69+103.5+69+69=47.75 billion; and that the company also has high-value consumption, micro-creation and injection pumps.
In the break-down of the outlook, we believe that with the strong R & D capabilities of companies and global marketing networks, new areas of globalization could provide the company with income space of between $5 billion and $10 billion.4 In vitro diagnosis: the corporate strategic business portfolio is expected to sustain high growth in the future.
4.1 In vitro diagnosis is the largest global area for the breakdown of medical devices In vitro diagnosis can be divided into blood by testing human samples (e.g. blood, body fluids, tissue, etc.) and obtaining clinical diagnostic information, leading to a diagnosis of the products and services of disease or organism function.
Diagnosis, biochemical diagnosis, immuno-diagnostic diagnosis, molecular diagnosis, etc., of which blood, biochemistry, immunisation, urine, urine slag diagnosis, etc., are most common in clinical terms.
On the domestic front, the share of external diagnostics in 2017 was about 14%, after medical images (16%). According to China's Blue Book of Medical Devices, the domestic market for in vitro diagnostics is expected to reach 60.4 billion yuan in 2018.
The process of substitution varies from sector to sector, depending on the characteristics of the product. For example, the biochemical diagnostic reagents have been developed earlier in the country and have been replaced by more than 70% of the pre-chemical diagnosing reagents; whereas chemical light products are now mainly import-dependent, with a national production ratio of 10-20%.
4.2 In vitro diagnosis is a strategic component of the company, which is an important growth point for the growth of the company In vitro diagnosis is one of the company's core product lines, with revenue of $3.74 billion in 2017, an increase of 29.3 per cent over the same period, accounting for 33.5 per cent of the company's total revenues, 75 per cent of which comes from the domestic market and the remaining 25 per cent from overseas markets.
In vitro diagnosis has become one of the most rapidly growing of the company’s three business plates, and one of the largest potentials for company development. According to data from the National Association of Medical Equipment Industries, 70% of the revenue in the field of in vitro diagnosis in 2015 came from diagnostic reagents.
The company’s in vitro diagnostic products include blood cells (mechanical + reagents), biochemistry (mechanic + reagents), chemical light (mechanical + reagents), cagnostic detection systems, fluid cytocytes, microbiological diagnostic systems, urine detection systems, etc. Among these, blood cell products are the earliest and now account for 50% of the company’s in vitro diagnostic business income, and biochemical products currently account for about 35%.
Chemical luminous products start at a late stage and now account for a relatively small share of revenues, but have the greatest potential for outbreaks in this area. 4.3 Chemical luminous: the dominant technique of immuno-diagnosing, the market outlook is high, 4.3.1 is currently low in terms of national production and the space for subsequent substitution
Immunization diagnostics can be used for hepatitis testing, STD testing, oncology testing, pregnancy testing, etc., with an extremely wide field of application, with the largest market for in vitro diagnostics globally and in China.
Figure 46: Structure of the country ' s in vitro diagnostic market in 2017 Chemical luminum diagnostic technology (hereinafter referred to as chemical luminous) is one of the diagnostic techniques for immunisation, which is combined with highly sensitive chemical luminous measurements and highly heterogeneous immune reactions. Chemical luminous light is sensitive, specific and highly concentrated.
The advantages of good and high accuracy are the state-of-the-art immunization diagnostic techniques recognized by the medical community, which have a very strong alternative to other immune diagnostic techniques. In foreign countries, chemical light has replaced enzyme immunology analysis as a mainstream diagnostic tool, accounting for the vast majority of the market share of immunization diagnostics.
At the domestic level, the extremely high technical barriers to chemical light, mostly closed systems (the instruments and reagents must be used together), have resulted in imported products occupying most of the high-end markets in the country, such as the level III hospital, where the national production rate is currently around 10 to 15 per cent, and where there is much room for subsequent import substitution.
There are only a few companies in the country, including companies, that possess both fully automated chemical luminators and diagnostic reagents. In terms of market share, companies currently have only 2.5 per cent of the chemical luminous market, third in the national product plate, and there is a large gap with transnational giants such as Roth.
4.3.2 Since then, the chemical luminometers have reached international leadership, and the company has made ground-breaking progress in chemical luminometers, thanks to its experience in developing instruments in the biochemical field. The Division has now launched four chemical luminometers, which cover the clinical needs of low-middle- and high-end markets.
The company’s most recent cl-6000i, whether at the velocity of the tests, the sample range, or the number of reagents, is in the forefront of the industry, and the efficiency of the tests is at an international level. The quality of the company’s products is also fully recognized by the industry, and in 2016, in the selection of the third batch of high-quality domestically produced medical equipment, the company’s products were selected by the company’s government.
The company ' s fully automated chemical luminous immune analysis system, cl-2000i, cl-1000i, etc. products were selected, and after a combination of evaluation technology parameters and clinical performance, the package ranked the top two. 4.3.3 The diagnostic reagent stock is abundant, and chemical light is expected to sustain the outbreak growth.
Chemical luminous reagents are currently concentrated in tumour signs, thyroid, myocardial signs, infectious disease detection, and companies have focused more on chemical luminous reagents, expanding the chemical luminous research and development team in 2018 by over 400 people, and have been introducing high-quality luminological tests over the years.
With regard to oncological markers, in June 2018, the company listed five lung cancer markers (cea, nse, cyfra21-1, scca, progrp) and currently has 17 oncological detection projects, which are second only to the new industry (25 items) and Anto (18). In the area of infectious disease detection, the company currently has 10 infectious disease projects that lag behind Anto and May.
gram; in the case of myocardial markers, which are generally less competitive, the company currently has four myocardial markers, and the country is now starting to build chest pain centres in major hospitals, where myocardial markers will be the point of competition between national producers; in the case of thyroid, there is a small difference between the number of domestic and foreign plant projects, with five thyroid tests (t4, t3, tsh, ft3, ft4), but not the public.
Stsh tests have reached the level of third-generation tests, and are more advanced than domestic manufacturers. In terms of the number of products, the company is now in the country’s first echelons in the areas of tumor signs, thyroid, myocardial signs, infectious diseases. In addition to continuing to increase research and development inputs on pre-existing advantage projects, the company has a more strategic pattern of competition.
The excellent features, such as pct, hypertension five, liver optics four, have further enriched the reagent suite project and increased its attractiveness to customers, with 68 types of chemically luminous reagents currently available.In general, although the company has taken a late start in the field of chemical light, the company has continued to grow, thanks to its strong research and development capabilities.
The company’s chemical lighting business has also grown rapidly in recent years, earning $30 million in 2017, and 2015-2017, taking into account the current very low rate of national production of chemical light, the large space for future import substitution, and the entry of chemical light into the market.
With a high level of competition, which is expected to be relatively good in the future, and in combination with the company’s clear advantages in R & D and marketing, we believe that the company’s chemical luminous operations are expected to continue to grow in an explosive fashion over the next three years.
Biochemical diagnostics are used mainly for basic screening projects such as blood sugar, blood resin, cholesterol, liver function, kidney function, etc., and are the most common in hospitals. Since biochemical diagnostics are at the earliest in the country, they now have a higher penetration rate in level III hospitals, while the field has not yet experienced significant technological innovation, and the rate of growth in the biochemical diagnostic market is expected to be around 10% over the next three years, with industry growing.
Biochemical diagnostics are one of the largest areas of disaggregation for in vitro diagnostics, and Karalorama data show that biochemical diagnostics now account for 20% of the country’s market share for in vitro diagnostics.
Nationally produced instruments are still dominated by medium- and low-end markets, which differ significantly from imported products in terms of accuracy and stability of detection. The data from the National Medical Equipment Association show that only 20% of the country’s producers of chemical analysers are currently in the market, and there is much room for import substitution in the domestic market for biochemical diagnostic instruments.
Unlike chemical light, most domestic biochemical diagnostics are open-systems, mainly due to more mature biochemical diagnostic techniques and relatively low demand for instrumentation and ancillary reagents, while the level of domestic biochemical diagnostic reagent technology is internationally compatible, and most domestic medical institutions currently choose to import products when purchasing instruments and prefer low-priced domestic products when purchasing reagents.
Reagents, so that more than 70 per cent of the domestic market share of bio-diagnostic reagents is captured by national product plates, and competition is relatively strong.Figure 51:2017 Domestic bio-diagnostic reagent market patterns, which are now mostly sealed because of shortcomings such as the relatively poor traceability and automation of open systems
Closed, the long-term development of biochemical diagnostics in the country is expected to be instrumentation and reagent containment. The company has also been developing a biochemical diagnostic closure system. In terms of diagnostic instruments, in 2015 it launched its first domestic high-speed biochemical analysis stream, sal 8000 modules of chemical and biological immune currents, breaking import brands to high-end markets.
According to data from the China Medical Equipment Association, the company’s share of the market for biochemical analysers was the highest in 2017. In terms of diagnostic reagents, the company’s products cover blood resin, liver function, kidney function, cardiovascular, diabetes, rheumatism, and special proteins.
The company is one of the most well-placed companies in the country for biochemical diagnostic reagents, waiting for seven sets of foods, with more than 100 biochemical reagents. It also includes anti-interference technologies, self-research of core enzymes materials, and antigen over-absorbing techniques to further improve the quality of reagent products.
But the company's current rate of containment of biochemical diagnostic reagents and instruments is low, mainly due to the company's partial use of imported raw materials in order to improve product accuracy, resulting in prices being about 30% higher than the average national reagent, and the company's current efforts to improve biochemical reagents to reduce them. Overall, domestic biochemical diagnostics are more competitive, and future market concentration will be a trend.
The layout of the cut-off area is in the direction of closed diagnostic systems and outstanding value for money, and we believe that as the closure phase gradually replaced the open, the company, as a small number of national producers that can produce high-end diagnostic instruments, continues to reduce the cost of reagents, with a significant increase in the operation, figure 52: the biochemical diagnostic instruments and reagents of the company
Like the U.S. international giant, the global high-end market, the 4.5.1 blood cytoscope covers all the low-middle-high-end markets, the blood cell analyser (also called the blood cytoscope) is one of the necessary instruments for medical institutions, and blood analysis is the most common blood frequency.
The purpose of the screening is to make it easier to observe the anomalies of individual indicators. White cells are one of the most important immune cells in the human body, and the most important screening indicators in regular blood tests.
Unlike white cell classification, blood cytometers can be divided into three categories and five categories, which can divide white cells into small cells, intermediate cells, large cells, and five categories that can achieve more detailed classification, with white cells divided directly into lymphocytes, acid cells, alkali cells, mononuclear cells and neutral particle cells.
Table 25: Blood cylindrical classification, 3-class blood cylindrical technology and low cost, mainly applied to low-middle-to-high-end medical facilities, 5-class blood cylindrical predominantly applied to high-end medical facilities such as level-III hospitals.
It's been more than 20 years since its first blood cylindrical product was launched in 1998, from the first three to the crp (c-reactive protein, an inflammation indicator) five to the blood cylindrical flow line, where the company's blood cylindrical product can cover low levels.
Medium- and high-end markets, three of which are middle- and high-end medical institutions, five are leading the national high-end and 4.5.2 high-end markets International leadership
The blood cylindrical instrument, which has the advantages of a wide range of tests, very low blood use in specimens, no need for pre-treatment, and short detection times, compared to conventional crp and hs-crp. The domestic competitive product is mainly the D7/6/5-crp and the full automatic protein analyser p-990, p-990, which cannot be used for micro-blood testing and is therefore not suitable for paediatrics, Demay.
d7/6/5-crp with a crp analysis module, which competes with companies in some provinces. To further consolidate the company's industry position in the field of blood testing, in 2014 the company launched the first set of integrated blood routines, sugared red proteins, blood analysis flow lines of the crp module - too good cal 8000, the company is the only one that currently produces blood.
Cal 8,000, a national producer who analyzes current water lines, is mainly a blood flow line product of Heasen Meikang. For you, the "quality, efficiency, cost" balance.
Competition patterns in domestic markets are also relatively good in the future. Too good cal. 8,000 tests are stable and low relative to the price of imported equipment, while maintaining and selling them more easily to meet the demand for bulk sample analysis in hospitals and laboratories at all levels, and the product is now available in high-end markets, both at home and abroad.
According to the Chinese Medical Equipment Association, the company ' s market share of blood-analysis products was 27% in 2016, Heasen Maykang 47%, and the high-end market still has more room for substitution; in terms of global markets, the market share is largely held by foreign companies. We believe that the company, with its bc-5390crp and too much cal 8,000 and its subsequent heavy-pound varieties, is on the one hand in the country.
A sustained internal substitution for imports and the opening of new markets, on the one hand, and an up-front market abroad, on the other, with more orders based on the advantage of value for money. Medical images: Core products into the high-end market, with a strong degree of certainty about import substitution, 5.1 domestic high-end supermarkets are now dominated by import brands.
Medical images can be divided into four main categories: isotope scanning, ct, nuclear magnetic, ultrasound, with ultrasound as a conventional diagnostic arm, providing real-time diagnostic images using digitally controlled sound wave launch and reception techniques, detecting ultrasound, blood flow direction and speed, hardness, etc. of the human tissue, which has the advantage of convenience, inflexibility, real-time image, and so on.
The colored Doppler ultrasound was born in the years. After many years of development, color super has become the dominant product of the current ultrasound market, which accounts for less than 10 per cent.
His data show that the global ultrasound market was about $6.7 billion in 2017, an increase of 3 per cent over the same period. The global market is now dominated by ge, Philips and Toshiba, with a combined market share of 60 per cent. On the domestic side of the global supermarket, it was almost monopolized by import brands until 2000 until 2004 and 2006, when it opened a medical clinic.
In the lower-middle-to-low-end market, the national product is already in the mainstream, but in the upper-middle-to-high, especially the higher-end market, it is still in the mainstream. By volume, the ge, Philip, and Siemens are in the majority of the domestic market share, in March 2015.
The company's market share in the country's braiding industry is 60%. 5.2 Lottery is a priority support area, home-grown enterprises enjoy policy dividends. Lottery is a more important medical equipment and has long been supported by a national strategic plan since the 12th century.
The construction of the “Healthy China 2030” programme includes high-end equipment among the priorities of the national strategy. The State Institute, the Drug Control Board, etc. have also introduced policies such as the Regulations on the Supervision of Medical Devices and the Bulletin on Priority Approval Procedures for Medical Devices.
In local government procurement, such as the Sichuan Ministry of Finance, which has made it clear that it is possible to purchase imported products except for scientific research, which should be the preferred option; and the Guangdong Provincial WPC, which explicitly requires that it examine the needs of science schools in order to control the import of colours and portable colours.
At the grass-roots level, grass-roots collections have been launched in some provinces, such as Guizhou, which completed the collection of communal health centres in 2017, Hunan, which produces some equipment indicators for the collection each year, and other provinces, which are expected to continue with the centralized procurement of primary health-care facilities.
The Division, as a national product, acquired most of the orders. 5.3 Launched the dc and resona series of high-end products, imported replacement accelerations.
Ultrasound systems, etc., solutions cover comprehensive clinical needs such as abdominal, cardiovascular, gynaecology, poc (anesthesia, emergency care, icu) and meet the needs of conventional ultrasound and most clinical research. In the medium-to-high colour supermarkets, companies have in recent years continuously launched the dc and resona series.
The resona series is a genuinely national high-end machine that companies have developed autonomously through the introduction of advanced technology through the M&A purchase of Sonare, with resona8 being an ultrasound machine and resona7 being a full-body machine.
In terms of product performance, dc-80 is a high-end machine of the company's dc series, with essentially similar functions to those of Philips, Ge, etc., which are slightly deficient in some advanced functions. The resona series is the company's top colouring, its nuclear core technology – the zst+ field light platform from the Sonography (tm) regional imaging technology of Sonare, which is the company's entry.
The main engine of the 3-A hospital. In future trends, it's going to be different for each super-manufacturer, such as Philip's heart, the ge and the gynecology, and the company's extra-ressona8 is the national representative, and the company therefore owns it.
Products competing with foreign brands in high-end areas of super-separation. The trend of heterogeneity would have a greater entry threshold for latercomers, with national production poles with combined R&D capabilities.
Mostly between 2.5 million and 3.5 million, the company's resona series is worth around $2 million, and the company is currently the only national producer with the capacity to enter high-end areas, and with the introduction of more high-end products in the future, the company is expected to achieve a greater degree of import substitution based on a discounted advantage.
5.4 Foreign and domestic sales are growing rapidly and market prospects are good, and it is expected that with the company ' s dc and resona series of high-end machines on a continuous basis, the share of the company ' s ultra-high-end market revenues will increase and the Māori rate will increase further.
The long-term trend towards progressive import substitution in the country, with revenues of $2.94 billion from company medical imagery operations in 2017, an increase of 24.7 per cent over the same period, has been determined. As policies encourage the procurement of national product super-equipment equipment and the demand of medical institutions at all levels for over-equipment, there is still much room for growth in the domestic braid market, represented by companies.
The company also performed well overseas, selling 707 medical imagery products in the North American region in 2017, an increase of 20.85% over the same period, with a marked increase in sales from non-profit hospitals, and in 2017 from North American medical imagery.
Revenue from sales also reached $430 million, an increase of 12.1 per cent over the same year, and the company has entered high-end markets, such as North America, which in the future will also be an important growth point for the company.
Life support medical equipment directly involved in rescue or life support for patients is one of the most important components of hospital medical equipment. The company’s life information and support products are a combination of instruments and solutions, life information and support, including guardianship devices, defibrillators, anesthesia machines, light bed towers, operating theatres/heavy care units (or/icu) as a whole.
In terms of product structure, the company ' s main varieties are the guardianship, anesthesia, defibrillators and lightbeds, of which the largest share is 38.2 per cent.
In terms of Māori, the Māori rate for company life information and support operations increased from 60.1 per cent in 2015 to a constant level in 2017, with the Māori rate for all products except light bed towers increasing from year to year.
6.1 Guardianship devices: one of the most common medical devices in large hospitals, designed to measure and control patients' physiological parameters and to alert patients to abnormally high standards.
In 2017, the company’s income from the guardianship service was $1.62 billion, an increase of 10.6 per cent over the previous year, and the average sales price has remained around $12,000 in recent years. The guardianship product was the company’s first production line, and in 1992 the company launched the first national system for the saturation of oxygen.
At the top of the market, in 2016, the company launched the benevisionn, the world’s first rotating screen, a new-generation guardianship station with a brand with imported high-end companies, and a leading domestic guardianship company. Data from China’s medical equipment industry show that in 2017, the company’s custodian was in the country.
In terms of market penetration rates, the Chinese Medical Devices Industry Association shows an average penetration rate of about 31.7 per cent in 2015, which is still far from the 80 per cent penetration rate in the developed countries of Europe and the United States.
One of the most important medical equipment is that, as follow-up hierarchies progress, domestic healthcare institutions’ need for guardianship systems will increase rapidly. Companies have advantages in the manufacturing of custodians and supply chain cost control, and potential domestic competitors such as Ribang and Bollet have declined in their Māori rate in 2017, while the company’s Māori ratio has not reversed; and as a result, the company’s Māori ratio has not declined.
The corporate custodians cover mid- and high-end markets, and so the Māori rate is much higher than the main domestically competitive product. With regard to overseas markets, companies have become the world’s third-largest producer of custody equipment since they acquired the United States datascope custodian business in 2008, according to the data from evaluatemedtech, a global market share of corporate custodians in 2016.
Third, corporate guardianship products are too technical, brands have been recognized by mainstream medical institutions abroad, and subsequent companies have the potential to take up the market share of Philip and Ge on the basis of their value-for-money advantage, and to become the world’s first brand. Overall, corporate guardianship products occupy half of the domestic market, and in the course of subsequent market penetration increases, they will become part of the world’s biggest brand.
Proximately, and at the same time abroad, it is expected that corporate custody will remain robust over the next five years. Figure 82: Global custodian market competition patterns 2016. Figure 83: Prominent medical institutions using corporate products globally
6.2 Defibrillators: Taking the lead in breaking import monopolies, rapid growth in the short term is a medical device that uses stronger pulses to remove heart failure through heart failure and restores the arctic heart disease, as well as the first-aid equipment necessary for the operating room.
According to data from the Chinese Medical Equipment Association, the domestic defibrillator market was 750 million yuan in 2017, an increase of 15.4 per cent in 2017, and the company defibrillator achieved a revenue of 330 million yuan in 2017, a 50 per cent increase in the same year, representing the fastest growing segment of the company.
I. In 2017, the Māori rate for the product was 66.2%; at the end of the sales, the company sold 20426 tremors in 2017, as opposed to the use of tremors, which can be divided into automatic tremors (aed) and defibrillators.aed tremors can also be used in public places, in addition to medical facilities.
In addition, the company owns a series of two major tremors: beneheartd and beneheartr. The Chinese Cardiovascular Disease Report 2017 shows that there are more than 540,000 sudden heart deaths each year in the country.
In the case of the company’s aed defibrillator, only a few of the first- and second-line cities, such as Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Guangzhou, Hangzhou, and others, are currently deployed. According to research, the number of deliveries in the north, up, deep, wide, and Hang is only a few thousand, far less than actually needed.
At present, the distribution of the aed defibrillator is being stepped up in various locations, including Zhejiang province, which requires 1-2 defibrillators per 10,000 inhabitants by 2030, Shenzhen City, which requires about 10 per 10,000 inhabitants in 10 years, assuming that in the future the domestic coverage of the aed defibrillator will reach 2 per 10,000 inhabitants, combined with the company ' s current cost of $16,000 yuan per station, and the projected market capacity of the aed defibrillator in public places in the country is estimated to be around 16,000 yuan.
14*2*1.6 = 4.5 billion yuan. According to data from the Chinese Medical Equipment Association, the company is the first brand of a home-grown defibrillator, whose products are currently less competitive, combined with the procurement advantages of a national device, and it is expected that the company's defibrillator operations will be maintained in the short term.
6.3 Anaesthesia machines: The high-end market import substitution is opened and the overseas market is equally wide. The anaesthetic machines can transport anaesthesia into the patient ' s lung by mechanical circuits, forming an anaesthetic gas pressure, spreading to the blood, and directly inhibiting the central nervous system, thereby producing full-body anaesthesia.
A high-end anaesthetic machine with electronic gas blending technology was launched in 2012, with the potential to replace imports in the high end market. According to data from the China Medical Equipment Association, the company ' s share of narcotic products in the domestic market was 11.2% in 2016, and there was a significant amount of alternative space for subsequent imports, while the anesthetic machines were less covered in primary health-care facilities, based on low levels of coverage.
At present, only one company is producing high-end anesthesia machines, while other countries’ product plates are concentrated in the lower-middle-end areas. In recent years, the company’s high-end anesthesia machines have begun to run, raising the average price of the company’s anesthesia machines to $91,000 per station in 2017, and the Māori rate has risen.
On the overseas market, 580 company anaesthesia machines were sold on the North American market in 2017, an increase of 7.0 per cent in the same year, a sales value of 124 million yuan, an increase of 5.1 per cent in the same year. The company anaesthesia machines have entered the high-end overseas market initially and are expected to be released further abroad as the company ' s anaesthesia machine moves and is recognized by mainstream medical institutions abroad.
6.4 Lighthouses: The competitive environment in the market is improving and is expected to be a steady substitute for imports. Lighthouse products are equipment for operating theatres, and the company now covers such major products as surgical lamps, surgical beds, hangars, etc. Data from the Chinese medical equipment industry show that the share of the company lighthouse market in 2017 was 9.9%.
In 2016, as a result of increased competition in the market, corporate lighthouse revenues fell and, as the company stepped up market promotion, the company lighthouse revenues reached $380 million in 2017, an increase of 25.6 per cent over the same period, the Maori rate rose to 60.2 per cent, the product average. Lighthouse beds are now relatively high in the country's main health-care institutions, and we believe that the following growth points are mainly positive.
Substitution of imported products and market for new medical institutions. Average valuation of the domestic medical equipment industry in 2019 was 39 times, the company as the leader of a domestic medical device, and taking into account the company ' s subsequent growth space, the company was given a 45-fold valuation in 2019, based on its net profit of $4.785 billion in 2019.
1) Partly disaggregated areas have emerged potential competitors and there may be a risk of increased market competition in the future; 2) high-end products, especially new ones, are more innovative, market access and doctoral education take time, and there may be risks of less than expected in the short term;
3) Overseas markets, especially emerging markets, are more affected by exchange rate fluctuations and may have a higher than anticipated risk of exchange gains and losses; 4) partial breakdown of medical equipment areas such as low-value consumables may have a lower risk of bid prices; 5) advanced medical devices or diagnostic reagents are difficult to develop, and there may be wind of new products being under-developed
6) The company’s actual controlling person, Li Sitting, is older, and there is a future, or a retirement of a core figure, that affects the company’s normal operations. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.