Three-quarterly reviews in 2023: The high-base value continues to rise, and the poles lead further.  Events: The Chinese Taibo disclosed three-quarterly reports in 2023, and net profit returns of 23,149 million yuan were realized under the new guidelines.
The profit decline was mainly due to the three-quarter interest market downturn, which was relatively small compared to the previous period.  A special analysis of the new standards. Companies have implemented 9m22 accounting standards for new financial instruments and new insurance contracts.
Retroactivity increased from $20,272 million to $30,617 million, and net profit on the 3q22 quarter from $6,979 million to $10,0543 million. The application of the new guidelines retroactively increased the base for the same period mainly due to the exchange rate between old and new standards, changes in the current rate of use and the reduction in the measurement of new insurance contracts with direct participation in the distribution of dividends.
Profit fluctuations. 9m23 accumulated $204,775 million in revenues from insurance services, an increase of 7.4 per cent over the same period.
In balance, the large advance sales of the regulated “open door red” have less impact. 9m23 cumulatively achieved a positive growth of nbv over a quarter, with a unique demonstration of the effectiveness of the long voyage reform.
The recent regulatoryly advocated “scientific annual budgeting” is more compatible with the company’s concept of “continuing team excellence” and is expected to benefit fully from high-quality industry development.
Insurance and non-car operations grew at a rate of 5.5 per cent and 19.3 per cent, respectively, of 9m23 insurance coverage for insurance services per percentage point, mainly influenced by the lower base for the same period in the previous year and by the magnitude of the disaster this year.
Review point: Transition pole leads industry recovery  Profit projection and investment rating  value increases at a high base, pole leads further. We maintain figure 2: Group net profit returns for the current season are higher than the base for the same period.
Figure 1: Group ' s accumulated net return profit higher than the base for the decline in the same year, mainly by restatement of the new 9m22 guidelines
Figure 4: Group investment return level slightly decreased (deannual) on a year-on-year basis  net investment return (%)  total investment return (%) East Wu Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified for portfolio investment advisory operations with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.