A smooth transition to a globally competitive world, 12 December 2023.
Keywords: #The interest rate is high # cheaper than the same kind of company Events: The company issued a board resolution agreeing to elect Mr. Fu Fan as Chairman of the Ninth Board, to appoint Mr. Zhao Yonggang as President of the Board and to consider and adopt a bill such as the candidate for the Tenth Board of Directors.
During his four years as Managing Director of the China Taibo Group, he managed to achieve full management of the insurance industry, asset management, regional strategies, and esg strategies.
He was born in October, and he is currently the executive director and president of the group, the CEO of the Gestapo Asset. Mr. Fu was the deputy general manager of the Industrial Investment Corporation, the deputy general manager of the Shanghai Foundation, the general manager of the Shanghai International Trust, the deputy director of the Shanghai State Enterprise Ltd., the director of the Shanghai International Group, the general manager of the Shanghai International Group, and so on.
23 years of age, joined the Xarang Dam branch of the Xingqing branch of the Xingqing branch of the Xingqing branch and has since served in the Qingqing branch of the Qingqing branch of the Xingqing branch of the Qingqing branch of the Xinglingue branch.
Positions such as the Director General of Human Resources; President of the EPS Trade Union, Minister of the Party Committee, Member of the Party Committee, Vice-President, etc. from August 2016 to May 2021; and Deputy Secretary of the IGC Commission since May 2021. The new Board of Directors continued its professional and pluralistic character by adding Mr. Lee Dae Ho as a candidate for non-executive director (representative).
The board of directors is multi-structured, with a gender balance after 50 to 80 years, with directors representing a wide range of shareholders, ranging from overseas experience from foreign shareholders to a local perspective taught by eminent national scholars.
• The Board of Directors of the Corporation considered and adopted China's Quality Development Plan 2023-2025, and continued to pursue a high-quality development strategy. Since 2017, the company has continued its transformation and strategic upgrading under the leadership of President Kong Qingwei.
The Quality Development Lead in Industry aims to focus on the insurance majors, focusing on the three priority areas of "Big Health, Large Regions, Big Data" and focusing on product excellence, branding, innovation leadership and governance modernity, investing in sustainable quality development dynamics, playing the role of geese and effectively upgrading national strategies for services, the real economy
And the quality of human security and the effort to build a globally competitive world’s leading insurance financial services group. ▪ The net profit on corporate returns fell by 24.4% on a year-on-year basis in the first three quarters of 2023, but operating profits remained generally stable.
Taking into account factors such as profitability, strategic layout, business development needs and solvency levels, the current China China Pacific (601601): middle 2023 gold-dimension levels. Since 2023, the company has increased its Nbv at a high base, and the company has transformed its “long voyage” into a “long voyage”
Review point: Transition poles lead industry back in depth, emphasizing quarterly balance, with less impact on the large advance sales of “open door red” that is regulated.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: board of directors smooth interface to create a globally competitive world-class insurance finance
The combination of two professionals who are familiar with the insurance industry and the insurance industry, the culture of the insurance industry, will help the company to stabilize its strategy. We maintain a profit forecast, with a net return profit forecast of 290.6 per cent in 2023-25, and figure 1: China's Quality Development Plan 2023-2025, which guides ideas, development goals and strategic tasks.
(a) Guidance, strategic mission, a profound understanding of the political nature of financial insurance;
• In order to become “customer experience best, business best” — to improve political positions, to build services that are “bi-people” and fully integrate into modern Chinese style
“Strategic space for expanding corporate development, leading industry in high quality development”
• Support for the upgrading of economic and social transformations; support for rural areas, focus on the insurance industry, focus on “Big Man” for the world's top-notch business, upgrade
Revitalization; promotion of high-quality development in priority regions;
It's based on product excellence, branding, creative principles, and people's hearts and minds, and it's about integration into multi-layered societies.
New leadership and modern governance, investing in building sustainable security systems, continuing high-quality energy development, playing geese.
Consistency with client orientation • promotion of health-care and supply-side reforms; enrichment and effective upgrading of national strategies for service delivery
The supply of old financial products; the improvement of healthy old-age clothes; the persistence of long-term economics and the quality of human security; and the fight against poverty.
Ecology: Building a healthy foundation for old age, maintaining technology, creating world-class insurance that is globally competitive.
To work with symbiotics, the Financial Services Group is involved in building a “digital China” and actively building it.
• Adherence to bottom-line thinking, digital development of new dynamics — higher quality of the economy of the service entity
• Development of a digital business system; construction of insurance companies; models of better business performance for clients; enhancement of digital hard-core capability.
• Capability for sustainable development. Party leadership. Figure 2: China's continued transformation and strategic upgrading since 2017, led by President Kong Qingwei
• Clearly “becomes the leader of the healthy and stable development of the industry”
Huixiang, the so-called "responsible-to-people-to-people" concept, which enhances responsiveness, is the goal of the Shanghai Lochi Data Centre, which continues to deepen its "client-driven" approach.
To facilitate the completion of the first strategic transformation of the Group's headquarters in the last 10 years on the market, the planning for the launch of the “Change 2.0” scheme marked the “Three Centres” of Science and Technology.
Organizational reform, with nine central centres better positioned and support systems in place, initial construction of “synergized value” headquarters; large old age
The strategic start-up layout is intended to expand service outreach, focus on focus areas and key links, deepen transformation; live actively to respond to the impact of the new crown epidemic; and optimize the equity structure.
• Implementation of life-risk reforms, production-risk efficiency gains;
Insurance companies listed in Shanghai, Hong Kong and London;
It's only through the technical leadership that the program is introduced, and the team of scientists is beginning to take shape; it activates the layout of the Great Health Strategy and promotes the “big health” “large areas” through • depths.
Table 1: Candidates for membership of the 10th Board of Directors and curriculum vitae of the China Taibo (with the change of 1h23 marked in grey)
Deputy Managing Director, Shanghai International Trust Ltd., Vice-Chairman, Shanghai State Asset Management Division, Director, Shanghai International Group Ltd., Managing Director, General Manager, etc., formerly Head of the Party Working Group, Director of the Strategic Transformation Office, Heilongjiang Branch, Henan Division, etc.
Director-General, President of the Pacific Life Insurance Union, Director-General of Human Resources, President and Vice-President of the Company, and Supervisory Board of the Ocean Securities Co. Ltd., listed by Zhao Younggang (Soldier Code: 600837, Associated Stock Code: 06837).
Vice-Chairman, director, etc., current non-executive director of the company, Director of Investment of Shanghai International Group Ltd., Secretary of the Shanghai International Group Asset Management Ltd., Chairman of the Board, Kimpo Industrial Investment Fund Management Ltd., Manager of Equity Investment Management in Shanghai and Modern Services
Chairman of the Limited, Chairman of the Shanghai Private Fund Management Ltd., Director of the China Shipping Investment Holdings Ltd., Director of the Shanghai Financial Science and Technology Ltd. and Director of the Jian Yuan Trust Ltd.
Li, Vice-President, Chairman, Shanghai China China Investment Development Co. Ltd., Vice-Chairman, Shanghai Tai Junan Investment Management Co. Ltd., Director, Shanghai Rural Commercial Bank Co. Ltd., Director, General Manager, Shanghai Harmonisation Asset Management Co., and Director, Shanghai Data Exchange and EI Ltd.
Present General Manager of the Finance Department of Shin Sein (Governance Group) Ltd., Member of the Board of Examiners of Senior Accountants, Shanghai City Accountant. Former client manager of the 2nd branch of the Yunguchi branch of the Shanghai East Development Bank, Governor of the 4th Roundabout branch of the Shanghai Pool Development Bank, Shin Ji Hoon (Group)
Member of the Finance Group of the Limited, Assistant to the Manager of the Finance Department of the Shin Ein Group Finance Ltd., Deputy Manager of the Accounting and Finalization Department of the Finance Department of the Shin Ein Group Limited, Manager of the Accounting and Finalization Department, Manager of the Planning and Finance Department, Director General of Operations, Deputy Manager of the Finance Department of Shin Eun (group) Ltd., and Director General of the Shanghai Xinin Environmental Industries Ltd.
Present non-executive director of the company, Deputy General Manager of Huabao Investment Ltd. (who presides), and Chairman of the Shanghai Eurometallurgical Information Services Unit. Former marketing representative and marketing manager of Shanghai Steel Trading Co. Ltd., Leadership Development Manager, Office Secretary, Human Resources Department, Bo Wu Steel Group Co. Ltd., Shanghai Eurometallurgical Financial Information Service
Deputy General Manager, Executive Director, East to East Information Technology Ltd., Executive Director, Shanghai Eurometallurgical Financial Information Service Limited, current non-executive director, Chief of the Internal Division of Control of the Specialized Sale of Tobacco, Shanghai City, and non-executive director, East Securities Holdings Ltd. (Soldier to Stock Code: 600958, Linked to Securities Code: 03958).
Vice-Chairman, Board of Directors, Shanghai Cheyenne Tobacco Sugar Liquor (Governance Group) Limited, and Vice-Chairman, Shanghai Chase Business Co. Ltd.