Profits have remained high and asset quality has improved markedly, Martinín profits have increased by 4,765 million, or 15.14 per cent, compared to the previous year; the negative rate of 0.91 per cent has remained the same as at the end of March.
In the first half of the year, Ningpo Bank net profit grew by more than 15% in the same year, and continued to grow at a higher rate. In the first half of the year, the income from net interest fell by 0.19% in the same year.
The revenue structure continues to be optimized, mainly as a result of higher interest rates on the joint deposit bill, resulting in a significant increase in interest expenditure; net revenue from fees and commissions increased by 6.51 per cent over the year, with a rise in the share of revenues by 1.09 pc. Net interest differentials, owing to higher interest rates on the joint register, are expected to pick up in the second half of the year.
The average was 1.96%, an increase of 1bp over 16 years, a decline from q1. The cost of q2 was over 4% and up sharply from q1.
In the environment, the interest rate level of the bill will be flat; while the combined cost of the end-of-debt will decline as low-cost deposits grow in the second half of the year, and the interest differential level will rise steadily in the second half of the year. The size of the loan will increase steadily, the volume of assets and liabilities will decrease net, and there will be little pressure on the bill.
Investment in loans in the areas of leasing and business services, water, environment and public utilities; enhanced credit in individual loans; net reduction in the size of joint assets for two consecutive seasons; increased investment asset ratios, structural increase in the configuration and reduction of monetary funds
The net decrease for the last two quarters was $134.2 billion; the ratio of overdue loans increased by more than 200 per cent compared to q1 was significantly lower at the end of June, and the poor rate was equal, and the classification criteria were found to be more stringent. In the first half of the year, the negative rate was 0.91 per cent for the Bank of Ningbo, which was the same for six consecutive quarters; and the balance of loans of concern was the same as the share.
This represents a net decrease of between $500 million and $2,515 million from the end of March, compared to the end of March.
The Bank of Bo has increased its provision, with the first half of the year's loan being reduced by 2,938 million dollars, up from the level of the same period last year. The coverage of the provision was significantly increased from 25.9 pc to 398.52% at the end of March.
The plan will complement core-level capital and lay the foundation for future growth in scale. Financial statements, business performance, recognition of profitability projections and investment ratings: Ningpo Bank is robust, flexible and profitable ahead.
3. Bank Ningbo: Profit ahead, industry. In a context of tighter regulation of trade records, there has been a high increase in deposits and less pressure on financial integration. Asset quality indicators have been generally good, with overdue loans accounting for less than 1 per cent, and the balance of interest-type loans.
The capital is supplemented by a set increase and the issuance of tradable debt, which will provide the basis for future growth in scale.
Figure 7: Ningpo Bank loan structure Figure 9: Ningpo Bank asset quality Figure 10: Ningpo Bank capital adequacy
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board