The South-West Securities Research and Development Center (WIRDC) is a pioneer broker in the online M & A upgrading service.
• Recommended logic: The company, as a front-runner in the field of Internet brokering, benefits significantly from the return to warmness of market transactions. And, thanks to the efficiency of Internet platforms, the company’s advantages in terms of asset management and credit operations are also evident.
The management platform system has been completely upgraded, and more breakthroughs are expected in the future in the process of transforming wealth management into a professional and integrated financial service provider with a leading industry. Brokering: high-impact hit-and-run pioneers and firm-up of brokers.
The downward trend is evident, but companies, relying on Internet platforms for their efficient client advantage, are still in a position of no loss in brokering. By shifting their clients’ differentiated services to wealth management, companies are expected to further increase value added and profitability in the future.
• Asset management operations: upgraded from scale expansion to higher yield. Corporate asset management has been growing at a compound rate of 63.4% over the last four years, and is firmly second in line. In the context of regulatory policy tightening operations in recent years, companies are actively promoting proactive management through upgrading.
• Overseas operations: M&Assetmark, upgrades wealth management. Companies, after completing their merger of American smart investment platforms, not only complement the company's cross-border M&As, but also complement the company's cross-border purchase of puzzles.
What is important is the acquisition of a leading research management platform for institutional clients, the strengthening of the company’s investment system, and the system’s safeguards for upgrading wealth management operations. In the next three years, net profit returns will maintain a complex growth rate of 12%, which will be estimated 24 times higher for the company in 2017.
In April 1991, the company was founded in Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, Jiangsu Province, with 29 branches and 242 branches. The company was listed at the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 2010 and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 2015.
City, registered capital of $7,162 million. Companies are the leading integrated securities group in the country, with a large customer base, a leading Internet platform and a full business chain system. They are the first consolidated voucher dealers to be approved by the CVM and the first to be awarded innovative pilot certificates in the country.
Companies have strong service support systems such as securities brokerage services, asset management services, investment banking services, fixed-income services and direct investment services that are well structured, as well as research advice, information technology and risk management. Companies are committed to becoming a top-class, integrated financial group with indigenous advantages and global undertakings, and have developed over the years.
The development of a full-chain business system based on investment banking, based on brokering and wealth management, with investment and trade operations and capital management on both sides of the chain of operations, is in the forefront of many core operations. According to the data reported in 2017, the company ' s share of the market for equity transactions in the first half of the year was 7.87 per cent, maintaining industry first; and the investment bank ' s completion of mergers and acquisitions.
Group 15, ranked first in the market; in addition, the size of corporate asset management ranked second in the market; the two-mixed balance ranked second in the market; and the amount of equity underwriting ranked second.
Corporate-owned business structure: corporate business structure: diversified trends, with revenue from brokering as at the end of June 2017 standing at 35.6 per cent, with a faster decline; capital intermediation, investment, asset management, etc., relying on licence plates for development: contribution from corporate-owned business in 2016
Corporate performance: Corporate operating income and net profits have been on a steady growth trend, with variations in 2016 due to a significant decline in overall industry performance, mainly as a result of large fluctuations in current capital markets. As capital markets stabilized in the first half of 2017, corporate operating income and net return profits were back on the growth track and performed in most of the industry ' s coupons.
Against the backdrop of the downturn, the performance of achieving a positive 5.35% increase in net return profits on a year-on-year basis reflects the resilience to market volatility and a strong proactive management capacity brought about by the company’s diversified business structure. With market turnover warming in the second half of the year, it is expected that the company’s advantages in brokering and wealth management will be further magnified.
Two of the network's pioneers were highly successful, the broker's leadership consolidated 2.1 was clearly superior to the client's efficiency, and the upgrade of the service was without fear of falling back on the maids.
Since the launch of the Internet mobile end application platform for delegates, companies have accumulated large client groups in the short term, and the number of new loads has increased in an explosive fashion, with tens of thousands of levels of easy access, with the average number of people active per month at the top of the list. With its pre-emptive advantage on the Internet platform, companies actively integrate online and offline resources to leverage Internet access to customer resources.
The most efficient and low-cost advantage is that it has quickly occupied the vanguard of the industrial brokering industry, far ahead of its counterparts in terms of the market share of stock-based transactions. According to the company’s latest mid-2017 report, the company achieved a stock-based turnover of $888 trillion in the first half of the year, with a market share of 7.87 per cent, and maintained market share first for three consecutive years, highlighting the company’s leading position in the area of brokering.
Since 2014, when they took the lead in lowering the commission rates, they have significantly increased their share of the market, taking the lead in brokering. Since then, as more and more coupons have joined the price battle, the overall commission rate in the industry has declined.
While maintaining the price advantage, the company is actively shifting to wealth management and shifting its development base from agent trading to professional financial services, increasing the relevance and effectiveness of the service and using the profession.
Integrating and integrating securities financial services to increase the value added of brokering and enhance customer stickyness. 2.2 The two-consistency balance is steadily declining, stock pledges are rising in reverse. The company's leading position in brokering is passed on to capital intermediation, as reflected in the financing coupons and stock pledges.
The size of the business is also significant compared to that of the industry. Companies’ combined balances and stock pledges are kept at the top three levels of the industry year after year, and are more focused on subject-matter risk control, reducing the probability of credit default. In the first half of 2017, the balance of corporate finance coupons was $50.805 billion, with a market share of 5.77%, and ranked second in the industry, maintaining the overall guarantee ratio.
Three good investments are characterized by strong characteristics, in line with regulatory improvement structures Investment operations, as a company's traditional advantage, have evolved into a two-wheel-driven development pattern characterized by M & As restructuring, equity financing and bond financing in the long run. In M & A restructuring operations, companies have captured market demand and policy redfields in advance.
In the first half of 2017, the regulatory policy significantly tightened the M & As policy of listed companies and increased regulatory clearance. In the context of the firm’s accurate grasp of market dynamics and project resources, the company completed the 15 copies of the project as an independent financial consultant.
In the first half of the year, the company completed eight ipo projects, raising 2.23 billion yuan; in the second half of the year, under the ipo regularization policy dividend, 10 additional projects, raising 16.3 billion yuan, were completed despite policy constraints.
With respect to bond financing, the company relies mainly on its own accumulation and platform resources to access project resources. Through a collaborative association, the company has steadily increased the value of its bond underwriting business in recent years, and its market ranking is at the top of the industry. In the first half of 2017, the main bond underwriting was $89,604 million, with the market ranking rising from one to six at the end of last year.
The company’s investment management business consists of both asset management and investment transactions. Of this, asset management, as a company, grew by 63.4%, and reached $945.7 billion in the first half of 2017, ranking second in the market. In the context of increased regulatory scrutiny of cross-practice arbitrage activities this year, companies are actively promoting the ownership of their asset management operations from channels to channels.
Management transition upgrades. According to company central reporting data for 2017, the current size of corporate pooled management operations is 12.1 per cent, but net revenue from contribution is 79.2 per cent, and by measurement, the rate for corporate pooled management operations is 0.75 per cent, an increase of 46.3 per cent, reflecting a side-by-side increase in the rate for proactive management of operations.
In the investment-trading industry, companies have traditionally embraced the concept of absolute return on value investment in equity investments, using basic research as a basis for the exploration of standards with a security margin.
Actively exploring a safe, marginal and high variety of investments: Quantified hedge investment operations in the field gradually move from the pre-configured hedge investment model to a diversified trading model, continuously refining the alpha quantitative investment system, actively expanding the depth and breadth of strategic research, improving market detection systems based on data analysis, integrating warehouse and strategy management, and investing in diversification strategies
At the same time, the company is actively preparing its own investment business for the Hong Kong Stock Exchange; maintaining a shift to a value-based hedging model, maintaining a good strategic investment system, and engaging in diversified investment transactions. In fixed-income investment transactions, the company has been steadily moving forward with the ficc business layout, maintaining a de-directional concept, and relying on optimized and enriched investment strategies to improve investment management.
Overseas M&As have accelerated the transformation of wealth management, and in October 2016 they successfully acquired $768 million in American smart investment in wealth management, assetark. Through strategic layout, corporate leadership in Internet platform business has been maintained.
It is an independent, full-services turnkey asset management project platform (tamp) that deals mainly with b2b operations, provides asset management software for investment managers, brokers and investors, and provides investment and advisory solutions for United States financial consultants, and is characterized by the transfer of all time-consuming back-office functions, such as portfolio construction, product research, tax optimization, etc.
The platform handles, and can also provide an independent platform for clients to meet their personalized service needs. According to the 2016 figures, the platform manages an asset of $32.25 billion, with more than 7,200 investment advisers serving.
At the same time, the labels are well aligned with the transformation and development needs of Washington securities, the acquisition of which has become an important strategic initiative for offshore distribution and wealth management transitions. Using the platform advantage of Setmark, Chinese securities can be combined.
The Internet pioneers are expected to rely on large customer resources and lower commission rates in view of the trend towards a return to the warmer market.
Taking the lead and further consolidating the vanguard advantage in the field of brokering; and secondly, following the merger and acquisition of the American Smart Investment Platform, the company has been given more facilities to transform wealth management and enrich investment strategies, and is expected to share advanced information management platforms and investment strategy systems from outside the country in building internal investment systems to achieve brokering and investment.
Finally, the company plans to raise $26 billion in 2017 from the stock ceiling. The program, once approved, will not only further strengthen the capital of the company, but will also be expected to expand its operations by introducing strategic investors, assuming that the company will grow in the future: (1) as the market returns to a steady pace, the company brokering will continue to grow.
With a return to warming, the net return on corporate investment in the future is expected to remain at an annual rate of 18.7 per cent composite growth; (3) the asset management business of a company takes into account a warmer market, with a likely magnification of turnover, with the company benefiting most notably from its role as a front-runner for brokering, with overseas business gains or expectations, non-public issuances being slower or slower than expected, and capital market conditions and expectations.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.