The distribution of Ely shares (600887.ss) has intensified during the month to expand its market leadership through major high-end products. We expect the company to sell.
After five flat seasons, growth will begin in the second quarter of 2017 at near-double-digit rates; (2) We expect that in the second half of 2017, a reduction in domestic supply and a drop in imports will drive the original milk price into the upper cycle. With the corresponding slowdown in competition, we believe that Eli will be able to reduce its overall breadth in 2017.
Further strong growth in pyrolytic milk/high-end constant milk and more recent promotion of liquid milk. Infant and child formula and milk operations are also gradually recovering. 2) Control of advertising promotion spending and upswing of original milk prices in the second half of 2017.
The period will offset the pressure on the Māori rate: we estimate that in 2017, Eli’s advertising promotion spending rate will drop by 50 basis points in the same year. Given the reduction in domestic supply (since small-scale milk farmers have withdrawn from unprofitable production at current milk prices) and the decline in imports (since global/Chinese milk prices have narrowed), we believe that China will be in the second half of 2017.
The original milk price will recover. This, in our view, will ease competitive pressures and will yield the greatest gains from downstream leading firms. 3) Acquisitions and acquisitions: As Eli will meet its 2020 RMB 100 billion sales target, we anticipate that the dairy industry may become a potential option, thus diversifying the current product structure of Eli.
Liquefied milk sales slowed down, Māori rates fell, and acquisitions and acquisitions had an amortization effect.
Asia-Pacific strong purchasing of lists has business relationships and continues to seek to develop them. Therefore, investors should take into account possible conflicts of interest that may affect the objectivity of this report and should not consider the appendix to this report on disclosure of information or contact your investment representative.
I'm the one who contributed to this report.
Iris shares (600887.s)
Intensityandgradualrecoveryof theinfantmilkformula (imf) marketwillbethemaindriversof fasterrowth, inourview. yiliquarterlysales
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but...
I mean, it's not like it's a good idea, but it's not a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea.
17% pricediscountsforsatine, vs. almostnopricedisformengniu'smilkdeluxein1q17. thedisaccountforsatineislargerthan2h16(-5%onaverage) Butsimilarto 1h16'svel.we observeimilardiscoltingforyi'suhtyogurtproductsascompetitationremaininsensethat
Webeliethisisedpromotionlevelisstatistión with the company's tradegyfor 2017: to focusmoreonsalesgrovethandtargetan 8% increaseorganicsalesfor2017.weexpectyili's salestistbenefiningfromtisstratechigicmovefrom2q17andweseebothleadersyiliand
25 May 2017 Ily shares (600887.ss)
Exhibit4: uhtyogurtcategorycompetionistl pricediscounts-premiumuht pricediscounts-uhtyogurt
I don't know, uhtyughurttis country source: carrefourshanghai.source: carrefourshanghai.
I'm not sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm going to be able to do that, but I'm sure I'm sure I'm not going to do that.
Weseetheuhtyogurtmarketcontinuingtogroveatahigh-teensyoyolatein 2017andookfor yilitoextenditsleadership has a 45% markshare (30% vslessthan in 2015).weforecastthat yili'ssambrosialdrinkableyoghurprodactwillrecorrdrb10bnsalesin217(+40%oy), trivensalesin2017 (+40% yoy)
We're not going to be able to do this, but we're not going to be able to do it, and we're going to be able to do it.
New programs: yilihasrecentlylaunchestedanewbottle-shapedpackerageforambrosial.also, earlierthecompanylaunchesedapmiumchilledyogurtproduceday, précedat rmb9.2/110g.theproducescalereasinglytourbanconsumeswaurellingtoopayextra
20% of lfsalesin 2016 and yiliis targeting another 15-20% of NTFRFREWNproductsagain2017. shares of Ily (600887.ss)
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
If: gradialrecoveryin2h17, expect 8% yiliimgroveth imfindustrysalesturneddowndownwardoyin 2016ona 3% dropinaspvs.a2%riseinvolume, butnielsendataindicteagradualrecoveryin1q17, wwith 5%grovefromaspand2%from
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Inventoryin2h17. The lateestnielsendashowthattyiliimaintinstablemarketshareinofflinechannels (exhibit 10), andweexpect8%imfsalesgrovethin2017vs.a15%declinein2016.
Source: companydata, nielsen, Euromonist. source: nielsen.
Webeliathemareketmayhave concernsaoutmarginpressurenyiliin2017.in1q17, yili's gpmdropedby400bpsyoyduetoringpacackingmaterialcosts, whilerecentlyaddprice
Now, ever, believeiteprodactmixanddeclininga&pradiosouldlargeoffset thecostpressure.
Webelieveliwillstarttoloweritsa and pexpenserioin 2017, intrastothothothothosharp increase overthreeyears.in1qyilireordered 400bpsyoylowersingexpennesandwe
I'm not sure you're going to be able to do that, except the Full-Yearsg & aratiotocoomein80bpslower, Mainlydrivenbya & pspondingrestraint. yili'sdirectpeerpemengnihasalsocommissionedatbriefingsoncontaininga & spending and expectsaflatitarity2017.
3) Costpressuresmorecontained: themainrisingcortforyiliispaperproducts, which accountforlesthan 5%offtotalcogsin2016.Themajorcostcomponent, Rawmilk, Islikelytostayatalatleveloyfor2017asawhole, inourview.in117weseeacontinuedyoydeclinein
rawmilkcost, whileweexpectagradualincreastedtrom217.Hence,weexpectyili's Grossmarginmussellingexpenses(i.e.opm)tomaintableforfull-year2017.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Ily shares (600887.s) partlyoffsetthehighercost yiliperlitorprofitbreakdown
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪
Improvedbalanceofmilksupply/demandin2h17licetodrivemilkpriceuptrendand easecompetition chinamilkproductionhascontinedtoshrinsksinverse2016.thelatestmar-apr2017data2017data
Thedecline hasbeendrivenbysmallerfarmersexutingproduetocurrentmilkpricesnotmappingprofit althoughthechinaawmilkpricehasremainedataveakvelevevevesteplast3months,
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Webelievehatindustryladeswillbennefitmostromareveryinthesupply/demancegiventhatanincreaseindostwiducethecentiveofsmallerplayerplayerplayaintain
25 May 2017 Shares in Ily (600887.ss)
I don't know what you're talking about, broodpositive colorationforyili'sstockpricevs.milkprice. monthlyrawmilkprodition source: ministryofagricultureofchina
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Source: Hesitan.com, Bloomberg, dastastream.source: bloomberg, dastastream.
I'm sure it's a good idea, but I don't think it's a good idea, but I don't think it's a good idea, because I don't think it's a good idea, but I think it's a good idea, because I think it's a good idea, but I think it's a good idea.
Accordingly, webelieveinorgani and & awillbeaniimportanthofgroftovertheextextrey years.
Thepremium, overseasbrandsouldbeyili'sm&apriority, Givenitcancomplementyili'current productionfolioandextendpremiumpositioning.
I'm not sure if you're the only one who's going to do it, but you're going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it.
If you're going to have to do it, you're going to have to do it again.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Source: companydata, goldmansachsglobalinvesmentresearch, May 25, 2017 Ily shares (600887.ss)
Bestrik-rewardamongsteples: 16 per cent opcagr, 24 per cent roe, 17xp/e reventing salesacilerationandbettermarkinoutook,weraiseour 2018-20eepsbyupto 3 per cent, 18x12mfwdp/e, lowthanits10-yeartorialaverageof21x,venafter
...performingthemarket(csi300)sincejanuary 2016byc.26%.wecontinuetovalueyiliusing 2018eev/gcivscroci/wacc, applicationlyinga10%premiumtoflectherreturnsandgroveth profile.weblieveshartreturnedbecomomeantainrealdirectorforinvestorvesgiven
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what to do with it, but it's not like it's just that it's not like it's not like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's got, it's like it's got, it's like it's got, it's like it's like it's got, it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's got it's like it's got it's got it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's got it's like it's got it's got it's like it's like it's like it's like it's got it'
Note: basedonmay 24,2017 closingpricees.targetpricesareona12-monthtimeframe.nc=notcovered.*denotesstocksonourregionalconvictionlist.figuresfornoncoveriesambloombergconsensusforecas.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure if I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it.
Weseethreyriskstoourvesmentthesis, detailedbelow.
It's not like I'm the only one who can't do it, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the guy.
Peopleandportplayers couldimpactyili'sgpmandresulthura & pspendingthanwe dilutivem&a: yiliiscurentresekingpotentialm & aopportunities.dependingonthepricepaid and/orperformanceofanypotentialacquialation, thatiscoulldimpactyili'shigroereeps
Ily shares (600887.s) yiliindustrialgroup (600887.ss) rmmmillians
{\bord0\shad0\alphaH3D}Software: companydata, goldmansachsglobalinvesmentresearch (600887.ss) \text{gaohuasecuritiesacknoowledgestheoleofcolong, cfaandyuqingliofoldman}
The shares of Elie (600887.s) are myself, Liao Hao, cfa, stating that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views on the company or its securities.
The investment summary section evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the key indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, returns, valuation multipliers and volatility. Growth, returns and valuation multipliers are calculated using several methods combined to determine the unit’s percentage ranking within the area of research industry.
The precise calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows: Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, income, etc. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital rates of return and net asset rates of return. The valuation multipliers are calculated on the basis of the expected annual valuation rates, such as market rates, dividends rates of return, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, market net rates based on a 12-month history.
Volatility calculations are adjusted for dividends. Quantum quanttum is a highly proprietary database providing the history, projections and ratios of specific financial statement data, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm or for comparisons between firms in different industries and markets.
The gssustain gssustain is a relatively stable global investment strategy focused on making long-term multi-recommend proposals. The gssustain list of concerns covers industry-led enterprises that we believe have a continuing competitive advantage over their global counterparts and an excellent return of capital, and therefore are expected to perform well in the long term. Our selection of leading firms is based on a quantitative analysis of the cash returns of cash investments, the position of the industry and the level of management (corporate management).
Cfa:a share of media, a share of consumer durables, a share of food beverages, a share of Chinese consumer goods.a share of consumer durables: Glyceries, American Group, Qingdao Haile.
A set of food drinks: Guai Goon, Yoo River, Guizhou Maotai, Chenzhou, Qing Qingqin, Shanxi, Qingjia, Qingjia beer (a) and Qingjia.a A set of media outlets: Aufi Recreation, Light Media, Quaohua Cable, Hua Weiwena, Blue Curtain, South Central Media, Media Division, Provincial Guang, Hua Soo Brothers, imax China, Phoenix Media, East Minju, Motsu, Motsu, Wanda Film, Hua Tze.
China's consumer goods: Junyuan, Light Milk, Modern Livestock, Hua Yu Entrepreneurship, Mon Niu Dairy, Masters' Holdings, Qingdao Beers (h), Unity Enterprises, Wangwang China, Wanzhou International, and Eli. The statutory disclosure relating to companies does not disclose specific information on the following companies: Ermb 19.31.
Corporate ratings, research industries, and ratings and related definitions. Any stock that does not receive a purchase or sale rating and has an active rating (i.e. shares that are not suspended, not rated, suspended or unresearched) is considered to be a neutral rating. The distribution of ratings may vary according to the decision of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee.
Suspended rating (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of sufficient basis to set investment ratings or price targets, or because there are legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, where they exist, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Suspended research (cs): We have suspended research on the company. No research (nc): we did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or is not applicable. No (nm): this information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report.
This report is distributed in China by the High China Securities Agency, which is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.