I've seen a rise in investment transaction performance, hosting a steady industry, 29 August 2019.
In mid-2019, the company disclosed operating income of $8.540 billion, an increase of 78.44 per cent in the same year; net profit of $3.503 billion, an increase of 93.89 per cent in the same year; net profit of $3.515 billion, net profit of non-repatriation, balanced growth of the company ' s four largest businesses, a steady increase in the same year, and investment transactions for performance growth.
Brokering and wealth management, investment banks, investment management, investment and transactional income score points, 23% (a 37 percentage point increase).
In place and risk management, investment returns (including fair value change gains) of $3.462 billion were realized in the first half of the year, and liquidity a/total equity (billions): brokering and wealth management operations were carried out in an orderly manner, with significant advantages in a number of areas of business that were broken down. (1)
\triangleright multi-step initiatives to move forward on wealth management and address downward pressure on commissions. Increase the allocation of non-tradable wealth management products and investment team building to achieve net revenue from the marketing of financial products
At the end of the second half of the year, the cumulative market share of equity brokerage in companies was 8.87 per cent, ranking 1st; and the competitiveness of public-private client services, with hosting outsourcing stable at the top of the industry. By the end of the first half of the year, companies had 19,206 outsourced products (including managing subsidiaries), an increase of 4.01 per cent over the previous year.
In the first half of the year, the number of corporate private fund-raising hosting products, the number of wfoe products, and the number of services wfoe managers were ranked first in the industry; the number of public funds hosting was ranked first in the securities industry.
Both within and outside the country, ipo operations have grown, and asset-support portfolio industries have been ranked first. (1) ipo operations have been ranked higher and stock-rich. In the first half of the year, the company a share ipo was ranked third in the industry with two and one higher in 2018; and the port share ipo finance ranked two and one higher in 2018.
At the end of the first half of the year, the company ' s ipo was working on project 23 (including China ' s 28th Main Rixi Street in Beijing, Beijing).
Projects to be issued), industry 6; projects under review 8 (including projects considered by the 7th floor of the International Centre) and industry 5. (2) Debt sustainability continues to have an advantage in building assets.
In the first half of the year, the amount of bonds (including self-issues) paid by the owner of the company was RMB 2,00,687 million, an increase of 18.52% over the previous year, ranking industry number 4.
Asset management returns to the active management source. (1) The scale of the active management of the CFP needs to be raised. \triangleright and the Recruitment Fund (45%) are public fund-raising operations, leading the industry.
The assets of the Fund ' s Public Fund are valued at $566.5 billion (disclosing the Links Fund), standing in the first line of the industry, and the non-monetary Public Fund is ranked second in the industry; the assets management of the Fund ' s Public Fund is valued at $385.6 billion (disclosing the Links Fund) and the non-monetary Public Fund is ranked eighth in the industry.
There has been a balanced development of the four main lines of corporate business, with no apparent short lines of business and an advantage in the segmented business areas of hosting outsourced business, equity support securities underwriting, etc. At the same time, there has been a significant decline in the second-tier market of the Consort Stock Exchange Bureau; and capital market reforms have fallen short of expectations.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.