Domestic taps, asset injections to be expected (first) Chinese electron (600372) depth report.
Company description: domestic taps. The company was a Chang River car, operating three times with capital (one asset swap, one share acquisition, one advanced acquisition) and currently the main business is air electronics.
Systems products, companies have a more complete airline electronics industry chain. The company’s direct holdings are owned by a Chinese airliner, who eventually controls the Chinese Air Industry Group. In the first three quarters of 2018, East’s net profit was $248 million, an increase of 12.14 per cent over the same period.
Our military fleet has accelerated its upgrading, and the air and electricity market has expanded rapidly. Aquatic systems are equivalent to the "brain" of the aircraft, which is the key to achieving increased operational capability and operational effectiveness in aviation defence.
While the physical performance impact is increasing, the cost of aeronautical electronic systems accounts for 30% of the total cost of aircraft f-16c, up to 40-50% of the 1990s eff-2000 and f-22. Based on Aeronautical Knowledge, the cost of f-35 shipping power has already reached 60%.
Thirty percent of our combat aircraft are still three generation fighters. According to Roe (ttm) WorldairForce 2019, published by Flight International, our combat aircraft include j-7, j-8-2 generation 561.
Maximum price in December, 34.5 per cent of our combat aircraft; three generation of combat aircraft (J-10) 260; minimum price in December
j-11/15su-27/30/35: 391, a total of 651, representing 40.1% of our combat aircraft, f-35214. As our third generation of combat aircraft matures, new types of fighter jets, 16, 10c, and five generations of invisible fighter jets, 20, will gradually be serving.
Retired. The continuous service of third-generation combat aircraft has significantly increased the demand for the air power system. Assets injected are expected.
The conversion has been initiated to clear the barriers to scientific research, and the conversion of the research institute into an enterprise reform project: in 2018, the first manufacturing and operating research institute completed the conversion, and in 2020, the other production and operating research institute completed the transition.
On January 4, the company announced that it would buy back its shares, buy back its money, and make investment proposals. The company is our pilot, and as our military fleet has accelerated, the company will be able to upgrade.
In addition, the company’s asset injection is expected to increase its performance significantly. I. I. Introduction to the company: China’s domestic pilot, China Electronics, is a listed company of the China Shipping Industries II Group, Jiangxichan River Motors Co. Ltd. (Chang River Blast).
In 2009, the company completed the first recapitalization of its capital through asset swaps, placing automobile manufacturing operations and injecting onboard electrical appliances (100%) under the China-China Industrial Group (CIAG) and Lan Air (100%). In 2011, China-China-based industries continued to inject assets into the company, issuing shares to acquire the Lanzhou flight control (100%), Kishan-Train.
Electricity (100 per cent), Bo-sing (100 per cent), Tai Chi (100 per cent), Hua-yan (80 per cent), Kai-Tian (86.74 per cent), in 2013, companies acquired Qing-Cun (100 per cent), Long Wind (100 per cent) and East Flying (100 per cent) in cash. In 2014, companies began hosting China Electronic Systems, with a total of 19 institutions, including PV (613).
Five scientific institutes at the Rayon Power House (607), Radio House (615), Self Control Institute (618) and Computer Institute (631). The company's main business is an aeronautical electronics system, with a more complete electronics industry chain, a complete product spectrometry, a product spectrum covering flight control systems, inertial navigation systems, flight posture systems, aircraft access.
Digital capture systems, atmospheric data systems, aeronautical lighting systems, control board masters and modem systems, flight alert systems, power drive and control systems, flight indicator instruments, electrical control, sensors, sensitive components, etc.
Models and development modalities to meet the demands of technological progress and the development of air defence equipment, civil aviation and civilian goods.
The producer was the China Air Industry Group (the uniting operator held about 75 per cent of the shares). The net profit of shareholders in municipal companies was 248 million yuan, an increase of 12.14 per cent over the same period. The company’s performance increased steadily.
Our military fleet has accelerated its upgrading, and the air and electricity market has rapidly developed.
Networks of data-processing equipment, information management and display control equipment, and corresponding software.
Figure 7: Aerial electronics for military aircraft. Aerial electronics were born in the 1970s. During the decades that have passed so far, the electronic systems of aviation have been divided (in the 40s-50s), combined (in the 60s-70), integrated (in the 80s-90) and advanced integrated.
Figure 8: Aerial e-development history • The system consists of many “stand-alone” subsystems, each dependent on the driver's operation (lost)
The drivers continue to receive information from the subsystems, maintain their understanding of the weapon system and the external posture, and in the 1950s fighter jets (f-100, f-101, etc.) used typical separate structures. The front and processing parts of the equipment were independent, the back end controls of the information chain were combined with the display.
Sharing of resources. The electronic aviation systems of the 1960s to 1970s have gradually expanded this structure and are now widely used jointly in active aircraft, such as f-16c/d, f/a-18, f-15e, etc.
• The United States Gemstone Cylinder Aerial Electronic System is typical of a larger integrated signal processing and control/demonstration function. The main feature of this generation is that almost all signals and numbers can be completed with a small number of modules. Target, terrain and threat data can be integrated.
The U.S. Gemstone Station Aerial Electronic System, which was developed in the 1990s, is typical of this system.
The combination of functions (general processing modules, dynamic re-engineering) and, in turn, the integration of sensor functions and signal processing functions is advanced. The scope of integration is also expanding. It includes previously relatively independent flight control, engine control, generic equipment.
In modern warfare, air defence is the first winning device, and air electronics are the means to achieve air defence.
The key to enhanced capability and operational effectiveness is the “generation platform, inter-generational power” which has become the basic model for the development of air defence, and the realization of new modes of combat, such as coordinated, distributed and non-contact warfare, largely dependent on the development of airborne electronic systems, with emphasis on sensor integration, task and cni integration, etc., to develop a new generation.
Systematization, miniaturization, intelligenceization, integration of aeronautical electronic systems to enhance combined operational capabilities and global operational capabilities based on a web-based information system, which has been continuously upgraded, resulting in a rapid increase in the level of aeronautical electronic systems, which has led to military flights.
Aerial electronic systems are having an increasing impact on the overall performance of aircraft, while the cost of aeronautic electronic systems as a proportion of the total cost of aircraft out-of-plants has risen sharply: from 10 per cent in the 1960s f-4, 21 per cent in 70 years f-15c, 30 per cent in the mid-1980s f-16c, to 40-50 per cent in the 1990s eff-2000 and f-22.
According to Aviation Knowledge, the cost of f-35 has already reached 60%. Our military aircraft have accelerated their upgrading, with 13398 United States aircraft of all types and 4078 Russian aircraft of all kinds.
There are still three-quarters of combat aircraft in our country. These are fixed-wing aircraft equipped with offensive weapons systems, such as fighter jets, fighter bombers, snipers, strategic bombers, etc.
Of the aircraft, 561 of the J-7, j-8 generation, representing 34.5 per cent of our combat aircraft; 3 generations of the J-10, 260, j-11/15su-27/30/35, 391, totalling 651, representing 40.1 per cent of our combat aircraft; and the United States combat aircraft, which are essentially three or more generations of combat aircraft and possess four generations of combat aircraft.
The second generation of combat aircraft is no longer suitable for modern warfare. As our third generation of combat aircraft matures, new types of fighter jets, 16, 10c and 20, respectively, will continue to serve, and the next two generations will gradually retire.
In addition, “generation platform, trans-shipment” means that an aircraft normally has a lifetime of 20-30 years, but during the entire life cycle of the aircraft, key components, such as engines, ships, motors, etc., need to be replaced for 2-3 generations, which means that, on average, each aircraft needs to be upgraded for about 10 years.
In-country air and electricity development companies are mainly the China-China Industrialization Group (CIAG), which is responsible for military naval and electrical products other than some of these products, such as airborne radars, airborne communications, etc., while enterprises under the auspices of the China-China Electronics Group are primarily responsible for airborne radars and communications.
In 2014, the company signed an equity hosting agreement with the aviation industry, which held the Chinese air service.