On August 27, 2025, in the evening of August 26, 2025, a semi-annual report of 2025 was issued by the China Sea oil uniforms.
During the first half of the year, the company realized 23,320 million yuan, or 3.5 per cent of the year; the net return to the mother was 1,964 million China Sea oil uniforms (601808.sh) and the company ' s revenues and profits increased by the same year, mainly from the contribution of drilling operations:
In terms of revenue \triangleright, the company benefited mainly from drilling and ship operations +12.8 per cent and +19.8 per cent, respectively, with higher revenues from drilling operations, mainly semi-submarine, in the North Sea region of Norway
The start-up and operation of the high daily fee project and the increased workload of the operation.
The Māori ratio for the outside world is between +6.06 pct and 11.17%, mainly influenced by the large reversals in offshore drilling operations. The company lost $820.3 million in asset impairments in the first half of the year (mainly in drilling operations) due to high fluctuations in oil prices.
As the four platforms in the Middle East suspended last year enter the new contract cycle, the Norwegian North Sea \triangleright high-day drilling platform is operational and the South Sea 8 will be operational in South America.
Considers that there is still room for raising the company’s daily fees in the second half of the year, and that the platform’s use is still expected to maintain high levels of research and development inputs and technological innovation to improve the company’s competitiveness. High-technology products, such as “single” – are industrialized, fratricidalized, branded, and the ship industry continues to develop at the higher end of the world.
Clients; technological upgrading of equipment, self-researching of seafloor seismic exploration and collection equipment, “Breaths” to be used in the sea area to fill domestic technological gaps. High-end, integration technology, or will contribute to the continued improvement of corporate profitability.
Profit projection and investment rating: we forecast the company ' s net return profits for \triangleright Sinda Securities Inc. for the period 2025-2027, respectively
The price is 17.48, 16.01 and 14.83 times higher, respectively.
In view of the company's continued overseas expansion and industry performance in the future, the performance of the company is expected to continue to grow in 2025-2027, maintaining a “buy-in” rating of the company.
Risk factors: macroeconomic fluctuations and downside risks in oil prices; demand recovery less than expected risk; \triangleright upstream capital expenditure less than expected risk; geopolitical risk; exchange rate fluctuations risk.
Xinda Energy Research Team Profiles Dr. Zhog Ming, Registered Consultant (Investment) Engineer, Member of the 30-member Forum on Coal Economy in China, Member of the China Geological Minerals and Economics Society, Member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's Pool of Experts, Member of the China Price Association's Coal Price Select Committee, formerly a coal worker in China
Deputy Director (Chair) of the Industry Advisory Service of industry associations for over a decade on research and advice in coal and energy-related fields. He has chaired the 13th Five-Year National Project for Coal Survey and Development, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultations. He joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2016. He is responsible for research in the coal sector. Since 2019, he has been responsible for research on large-scale energy panels and is currently engaged in the development of Sunda securities.
Liu Hong Guang, doctor at Beijing University, and member of the Central and Professional Committee of carbon peaks of the China Society of Environmental Sciences. He was an expert, assistant to the Director of the China Institute for Research and Technology of the petrochemical economy, and led research on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption. The editor-in-chief published and published China's Energy Outlook 2060; completed research on “Cultural carbon peaks and implementation pathways” in the petrochemical industry and participated in the development of new energy systems in the national ministries.
In March 2023, he joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, where he was involved in major energy research and was responsible for research in the petrochemical sector. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Finance, Southwest University of Finance and Economics. In July 2022, he joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Programme.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 to engage in petrochemical research, partly unregarded and unreconciled, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specified customers mentioned above and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are observations and judgements only as at the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
Studies inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are issued for which no special notice may be issued.