Anti-market growth in equity underwriting, with expected high return on investment (first) In-depth report on Huatai securities (601688)
21 August 2023 Science- and Technology-Driven Integrated Securities Group. The company is China’s leading Integrated Securities Group, with Pang s03405210001.
Large customer base, leading Internet platform, and agile business chain system are the first consolidated coupons approved by the CVM in China, and the country has been the first to obtain innovative pilot coupons. In recent years, companies have been investing in comprehensive financial services for clients throughout their life cycle.
Banking leads, based on brokering and wealth management, with investment and transaction operations and asset management operations as a two-pronged whole-of-business chain business system, corporate performance is growing over time. Corporate performance overall maintains a relatively rapid upward trend from 2012
2023q1, the securities industry is largely well-oriented, with companies performing at the same time, achieving a recovery and a net return of income, and the company’s shareholdings grew significantly, making it easier to invest in business income. Investment proposals: first coverage, giving companies an “enhanced” rating. The company has a leading Internet flat.
The business-wide business-chain system, coordinated by Taiwan and Agility, brokering agent trade volume industry number one, in the first half of the year Investment underwriting against market growth is expected to yield significant revenue from self-employment, driven by warmer conditions Revenue from brokering: significant market volatility leads to gains and losses on investment returns and fair value changes
Larger; less advanced than expected in capital market reforms; risk of changes in corporate governance mechanisms; risk of credit default: industry regulatory tightening risk: industry competition increases the risk.
The company is China’s leading integrated securities group, with a large customer base, a leading Internet platform and an all-business-chain system of agile synergies, and is the first consolidated voucher dealer approved by the CVM and the country’s first to acquire innovative pilot certificates. Since its establishment in 1991, the company has been actively managing changes in China’s capital markets.
The historical opportunity of opening up, leading the transition with financial science and technology within the industry, offering professional, diversified securities financial services to individuals and institutional clients using the full business chain service system, combined strength and brand influence at the top of the domestic securities industry.