Performance is as expected, and domestic and foreign operations have been growing at a high rate. New industries (300832) In-country: high-speed machines have been successfully promoted, leading to a steady increase in reagent sales.
Thanks mainly to the successful roll-out of high-speed aircraft such as x8 and x6, the company has achieved full automated chemical luminous instrumentation of 1,465 units (63.34 per cent of large machines); reagents: 23.73 per cent increase in revenue on year-on-year, with 67 new units added annually) and growth in large and large domestic machines and waterline products, with the future of the public.
Revenue from the Department’s domestic reagent operations is expected to grow steadily. Overseas: Reagent operations are growing at a sharper pace and global influence continues to be built. In 2023, the company’s overseas operations achieved a year-round sales of 3,564 luminous instruments, with 56.73 per cent of the medium-sized aircraft (+20.19 ptt); 2 trials
Reagents: Revenues increased by 54.56% over the year, benefiting mainly from the rapid growth in the number of installed aircraft in overseas markets and the continued rise in the share of medium-sized and large aircraft. The breadth and depth of the company’s overseas market coverage is further enhanced through the optimization of active academic outreach and marketing systems, the convergence of overseas production lines and channels, and the company’s current company’s coverage of overseas markets.
The establishment of 10 overseas fully-owned subsidiaries has been completed, contributing to the continued growth of operations in key overseas regions.
In addition, by 2023, the company had reached 1,535 tri-a hospitals in the country with 57.46 per cent coverage and 152 overseas.
Services provided by national/territorial medical terminals, increased coverage of high-level hospitals and more sustained breakthroughs in overseas countries/areas provide a good basis for future reagents for companies. R & D is maintained at a higher level of input, and instruments and reagent production lines are becoming more abundant.
Reagents: Continuous use of critical material R & D platform advantage, 25-hydroxy-vitamind, ellipsic stubble, company review - new industry (300832): slightly better than small molecule binocular reagent development; 2) instrumentation: “sale generation, research generation, storage”
Galactic Medicines: New Industries: High Appliances Plus, Maglumix10, Biossaysc10, Hemolumih 6 and Satlarst8
Production. As of 2023, the company sold to the world 10 fully automated chemical luminescence analysers for a new industry (300832), covering oncological signs, thyroid, infectious diseases, glands, myocardial signs, inflammation surveillance, sugar.
The investment proposal is that the company is a national chemically produced luminous locomotive, and continues to be installed in high-end aircraft and waterlines, leading to a high rate of reagent growth. We expect the company to return to its net profit separately from 2024 to 2026.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.