New industries (300832.sz)
(+16%) net profit of $446 million (+15%) from non-mortality. +15%) The domestic large-scale medical end-out has shown remarkable success, with reagent revenues and single-machine output rising rapidly. +26% of the domestic business income of 2,601 million yuan (+26%) was collected in 2023, with domestic instrument-type operating income associated with large luminous devices and streaming lines.
The increase in product sales has led to a 34% increase in domestic instrument product revenues compared to the same year, which is higher than the overall increase in domestic operations; and a 24% increase in domestic reagent business revenues compared to the previous year. Through the continued promotion of high-speed chemical photoanalysts, maglumix8, maglumix6, the number of domestic large-scale medical end-users has been effectively expanded and conventional reagents driven.
There has been a steady increase in sales: in 2023, the number of level-III hospitals served by the company increased by 155 compared to late 2022, and the number of clients of the central tri-a hospital increased by 67. In 2023, the domestic market completed a fully automated chemical luminator, with 1,465 installed, with 63.34 per cent of large aircraft installed.
With continuous improvements in overseas channels, overseas performance has grown rapidly. Overseas receipts reached $1,319 million in 2023, and overseas markets sold 3,564 fully automated chemical luminescence devices in 2023.
This is an increase of 20.19 percentage points compared to the same period in the previous year. With the rapid growth in the number of aircraft installed in the overseas market and the continued rise in the proportion of large and medium-sized aircraft, the growth of the overseas reagent business has been driven by a rapid increase in the share of overseas reagent-type products in the income of the overseas main business, which is 58.04 per cent, an increase of 6.91 percentage points compared to the previous year.
Jo Ninda is responsible for a 9.86 percentage point increase in the combined Māori business of overseas major businesses. Academic outreach + regionalized segment management, which continuously increases the external market layout.
The global impact of brand names; the gradual segmentation of overseas markets and the implementation of a regionalized management model, with the exclusive use of new industries in each region: a national chemical luminous and a fast-growing marketing, post-sale, market and business four-tier model for overseas operations to enhance the quality and capacity of regional product services; and, at the same time,
Continue to increase the breadth and depth of product flow channels, drawing on the experience of Indian affiliates, continue to increase the focus on overseas fully-owned affiliates and complete the establishment of Indonesian overseas affiliates in January 2024, until the company has completed the establishment of 10 overseas fully-owned subsidiaries (excluding new Hong Kong industries and new Hong Kong industries controls)
This will drive rapid growth in domestic reagent revenues and single-organic output. Overseas markets are expanding rapidly, and corporate performance is expected to continue to grow steadily, maintaining an “uptake-a” rating.
Overseas markets have not expanded as expected.