Quarterly performance is up to expectations, with better growth overseas. New industry (300832) -- one-quarter performance rating in 2024.
Events: The company issued its first quarter report in 2024, achieving business income of 1,021 million yuan (+16.62 per cent) in the first quarter of 2024, resulting in a net profit of 426 million yuan (+20.04 per cent) from the mother, $399 million from the non-net profit, a quarterly performance that is up to expectations, and a rapid growth in overseas operations.
2024q1 GDP growth of 12.17 per cent over the same period is expected to be mainly affected by changes in the operating environment of the industry and the unanticipated release of hospital consultations; 2) Overseas: 2024q1 main business income increased by 24.95 per cent compared to 24.95 per cent, with the rapid growth in the number of installed aircraft in overseas markets and the increase in the share of medium-sized large aircraft
A step-by-step increase in the company’s overseas operations is expected to continue to grow at a high rate, and the high-speed aircraft are well under way, driving future reagents. 2024q1 company reagent operations are earning 26.42 per cent more and instrument products are expected to fall 3.86 per cent more than in the same year, mainly in the domestic hangars.
As a result of the impact on rhythm, the company’s high-speed aircraft has performed relatively brightly during the quarter, the domestic and foreign markets have become fully automated, the luminous instrument maglumix8 has achieved 220 sales/loading machines, and the company’s large domestic and foreign machines and waterline products have grown steadily, laying a good foundation for the company’s future reagents.
The Māori rate has increased significantly over the same period, and profitability is expected to improve continuously. The Māori rate for 2024q1 is due to an increase in the ratio of agent operations.
Investments suggest that companies are home-grown chemical luminescence, domestic and foreign high-end machines and current lines are continuously installed, leading to a high rate of reagent growth. We expect the company’s net profit to be split between 2024 and 2026.
Risks of risk, lack of reagents, risk of increased competition in the industry
Galactic Medicine: New Industries: High Machines. Galactic Medicine: New Industries. 300832: High Machines: New Industries: Galactic Medicine: New Industries: New Industries.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.