Annual New Industries Report Review: Performance in line with expectations, rapid release in overseas markets Events: On 12 April, companies released their annual report for 2023: operating income for the year as a whole 14.98 per cent; net operating cash flows of $491 million, an increase of 66.61 per cent over the year.
With the new generation of x series helping to open up the domestic and foreign markets for various types of terminals, the new generation of X series of fully automated chemical luminescence devices has been serialized and performed in the same way as the maglumix3, maglumix6 high-speed chemical luminous devices have been placed on the market.
By the end of 2023, the company's maglumix8 accumulated sales/loading abroad and abroad.
Total market value/flow (millions of yuan) (1) Large and medium-sized domestic aircraft and waterline drivers, with a significant increase in end recognition: 1 income: 2,601 million yuan in revenue from the main domestic operations in 2023, an increase of 25.53 per cent over the same period.
Income from instrument-based operations has led to an increase in sales of large-scale luminous instruments and waterline-related products < < < new industry point review report: performance growth is bright and income from instrument-based products has increased by 33.53 per cent over the same period, which is higher than the overall increase in domestic operations; the domestic reagent industry
Overseas operations have continued to grow rapidly >--2023 - with revenues growing by 23.73 per cent on a year-on-year basis, slightly slower than the overall increase, and we estimate that this is due to the effects of the fourth quarter of the medical anti-corruption treatment.
< <New Industry Assessment Report: Growth in the Domestic Market 2 Loads: In 2023, the Domestic Market completed 1,465 fully automated chemical luminators, good performance, good growth in the overseas priority areas > > > > > .
The proportion of large aircraft installed is 63.34%. As the number of medium-sized and large-scale end-users continues to increase, it is accompanied by a rapid increase in domestic reagent revenues and single machine output.
Coverage & large machine ratio continues to rise, overseas 3 terminals: the company has effectively expanded the domestic installation of the instrument through the continued promotion of high-speed chemical luminometers >--2023-04-07
The number of large-scale medical end-users, the number of level-III hospitals served by the company in 2023 increased from the end of 2022 to 155, of which the number of 3A hospital clients increased by 67. As the number of large-scale end-of-care clients in the country continued to increase, the installation of large aircraft and waterline products in the country was favourable.
This has led to a steady and sustained increase in revenues from the company’s domestic reagent business, which in the year was 1.319 billion yuan abroad, an increase of 36.16 per cent over the year, with overseas reagents, 2 installed: in 2023, a total of 3.564 fully automated chemical luminators were sold in the overseas market.
The sales of medium-sized and large-scale luminous instruments rose to 56.73 per cent, an increase of 20.19 pct over the same period in the previous year; with the rapid growth in the number of installed aircraft in overseas markets and the continued rise in the share of medium-sized and large aircraft, a solid basis was laid for the subsequent growth of overseas reagent operations.
Endpoint 3: The company ' s overseas market, drawing on the experience of Indian affiliates, continues to increase its support and inputs to and localization of key market countries, establishing three new fully-owned subsidiaries abroad in Italy, Romania and Saudi Arabia, and completing Indonesian overseas affiliates in January 2024
Created, to date, the company has completed the establishment of 10 fully-owned subsidiaries abroad (excluding the new Hong Kong industry and the new Hong Kong industry holdings), thereby contributing to the sustained growth of operations in key overseas regions.
By product, with the increase in sales of x-series and medium-sized and large-scale luminous instruments, the Māori ratio of corporate instruments rose by 6.60 pct to 29.70 per cent; the Māori rate of reagent products remained stable at 89.28 per cent. (2) As the number of overseas reagent operations continued to increase, the revenue from overseas reagent operations accounted for the share of proceeds.
This is an increase of 6.91 pct from 58.04% to the same year, leading to a combination of Māori in overseas major businesses, of which Māori in the fourth quarter of 2023, marketing rates, administrative costs, researchpe. We believe that companies are expected to continue to grow rapidly and robustly in both domestic and foreign markets in the future.
The risk of anti-corruption activity affecting the progress of hospital tenders, the volatility of overseas markets, the Pacific Academy, the 2nd Platoon D, 9th Far North Street, Beijing City West Side, 7th floor.
10th floor of the State-run building at 500 Southeast Road, Shanghai City, Hsien Shenzhen City, Hukuda Business Center, 19th floor, 1904 New World Center, Lotus Road, 988 St Fung Square, Guangzhou City Avenue, room 102.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.