Performance continued to grow, with large-scale reagents released (yoy+25 per cent), net cash flows from operating activities amounting to $1,418 million (yoy+47 per cent), which generated operating income of $1,022 million (yoy+36 per cent) and net profit from the mother of $467 million in the fourth quarter.
Dom Ekin, the country's high-speed aircraft support the third-degree hospital population, the offshore instrumentation structure optimizes the reagents, and completes 1,465 luminometers in the year (63% large), medium-high-speed units.
Cao Jialine, the promotion company, expanded the number of large-scale medical end-users by adding a third-level hospital to the company in 2023.
This represents an increase of 16.91 per cent in instrument revenue, resulting from the optimization of the structure of instruments abroad (20 pp for sales of large- and medium-scale luminometers), an increase in reagents and an increase of 54.56 per cent in revenue from the same period.
In terms of R & D, the ratio of gross gross domestic product (GDP) to gross domestic product (GDP) rose by 6.6 pp. The ratio of reagents to reagents increased, the equipment was restructured, and the overall M & A rate increased by 2.65 pp to 73.15%.
In keeping with the concept of “Achieving a Generation of Product Marketing, Research and Development, and Reserves”, in 2023, the Division continued to increase its R & D investment, generating $366 million in R & D costs, growing product pipelines, and new models of blood, biochemistry, molecules, etc., which we believe are rich in instrument models and types,
The full reagent menu will effectively enhance the competitiveness of the company's products and its future growth prospects.
\triangleright Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
The seller's team has been working for more than nine years in the 9th House of the City Street of the West Side of Beijing, and is responsible for research on the cxo industry.
In April of that year, it was added to the system for research and research on scientific services and small-molecular innovation in medicine; it was added to the system for research on medical equipment and medium-sized tablets; it was added in 2022 to the system for research on medical equipment, medical equipment, ai medicine, digital medicine, etc.
CHO Jialine, team member, Master of Quantities in Economics, Quannan College, Nakayama University, two years of research experience in the pharmaceutical biology industry, served as a valid certificate, joined the Sinda securities in 2023, and was responsible for research in the areas of medical equipment, in vitro diagnosis, icl. Zhang Jong-Tao, team member, Master of International Investment Finance, University of China and South China, 1 year of research in the pharmaceutical biology industry, cpa (professional phase), worked in the field of medical biology, cpa
In 2023, they joined the CVM, covering mainly Chinese medicine, pharmaceutical businesses, and pharmacies, and vaccines. Part of it is not, is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.