New industry evaluation report: 24q1 rapid growth in profits and steady increase in profitability Events: 26 April, company report released for the first quarter of 2024: realization of operating income 399 million yuan net profit deductions, 2549 per cent more than the previous year; net operating cash flow of 262 million
In the first quarter of 2024, the company's main business income in the domestic market grew on a year-on-year basis.
12.17 per cent, we expect it to be mainly due to delays in bidding procurement as a result of the restructuring of the medical sector, but we expect that delayed procurement will continue to be released on a quarterly basis in the future; income from major offshore market operations has increased by 24.95 per cent over the same period, maintaining a high rate of growth.
In terms of product breakdown, corporate reagent revenue increased by 26.42 per cent in the first quarter of the year; instrument-type product income decreased by 3.86 per cent in the same year, and we expect the company ' s chemically luminous capital/flow (billion shares) to be restored by the domestic health-care institutions.
In the first quarter of 2024, the external and domestic markets were completely free of market value/flow (millions of dollars) and the chemical luminous instrument maglumix 8 was sold/loaded on 220 machines, with high-end client groups.
With the highest/minimum price in 12 months, and with the help of a sustained acceleration, we expect a significant increase in the company’s future instrument production, with an increase in the revenue share of large instruments and reagent products and a significant increase in the Māori ratio.
< < New Industries Annual Review: Performance meets expectations (we expect to be mainly due to higher revenue from large instruments and reagent products); < < New Industries Stocktaking Report: Performance is growing brightly; >
< <New Industry Stocktaking Report: Growth in the domestic market is positive and growth in the overseas priority areas is going well > - Profit forecasting and investment rating: We maintain our original expectations, with companies expected to camp 2024-2026
We believe that companies are expected to grow fast and robust in both domestic and foreign markets in the future, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Progress is not as high as expected, anti-corruption activities are likely to affect hospital bidding progress, and overseas markets are volatile.
New Industries Annual Report: Performance is up to expectations, and overseas markets are up fast, and the Pacific Academy is on the 7th floor of the Chinese Fares 9 North Street, Beijing.
10th floor of the State-run building at 500 Southeast Road, Shanghai City, Hsien Shenzhen City, Hukuda Business Center, 19th floor, 1904 New World Center, Lotus Road, 988 St Fung Square, Guangzhou City Avenue, room 102.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.