The performance of IT technology hardware and equipment met expectations, carrying a 5gpcb tap and semiconductor material national production flag event: $7.6 billion in 2018, +33 per cent in comparison, net gain of $697 million to the mother, same
Over the reporting period, companies had a per capita income of $760,000, or +28 per cent, and a net per capita gain of $70,000, or 48 per cent, with significant efficiency gains, and companies were becoming models of State reform.
And there is still much room for improvement at a level of 900,000 yuan and 140,000 yuan, assuming that the number of companies (9,959) will not expand, and that raising to the level of Zonda technology will support two q4-q4-quarter Māori ring increases, with a net interest rate ring rise of about 0.8 pct.
Gross market value/flow (millions of yuan) Māori growth is mainly due to product structure and product line efficiency improvements, the company ' s 4g product and the 12-month maximum/minimum value ($)
Upgraded with downstream customers, service storage, industrial and controlled medical products are gradually being imported into new customer techniques, and 5g&pre5g has started to produce small quantities of goods, which has contributed to the overall increase in value added of the company's products;
At the cost end, the company ' s high multi-layer pcb and plate rates are stable, individual series of products are rising, the electronics industry - deep south circuits (002916); e.g., steel slabs, slab storage, pcb 20 or more floors and new generation communication products
The total revenue is expected to reach over 20 billion in five years, in addition to the direct labour (reduced productivity, 24-hour start-up) generated by the automated production line of the new plant, with greater profit elasticity than income.
The cost of manufacturing (reduced energy costs) is reduced by two major costs. -2019/02/27, while the share of future domestic copper-carved suppliers in the high-frequency high-speed area will gradually decrease.
Corporate costs. In addition, q4 companies have no expansion projects, reduced costs, higher crop rates, performance in line with expectations, with 5 gpcb taps and semiconductor materials being nationalized, cost-effective, with direct material costs rising by 34 per cent compared to year, faster than the growth rate, mainly in high-end production.
(b) Direct labour costs are slower than the 26 per cent higher than the 26 per cent higher compared to the 26 per cent higher compared to the increase and the marginal reduction in the volume of labour used for expansion: manufacturing costs are slower than the 26 per cent higher compared to the 26 per cent higher compared to the increase, depreciation is higher and energy consumption is lower;
In 2018, the structure and volume of orders were raised, the sum of central growth was not stopped, and Ericsson was growing at the same time.
By the end of 2018, the company had been authorized to patent 361, of which 317 were inventions, and the number of exclusive authorizations ranked first in the list except for Ping Ding;
The results were the “Caution Award” and the Smart Manufacturing Project's Quality Project, among others. 1279 R & D personnel, an increase of 7 per cent over the same year, and 12 per cent in the number of R & D staff. Sales costs were higher than 38 per cent in the same year, and were higher in wages, commissions, freight charges, etc.
Administrative costs were slower than revenue by 25 per cent compared to the increase, resulting in efficiency gains in administration and production lines, environmental protection costs The financial costs were lower by 46 per cent compared to the same period, resulting in lower expenditure on interest and higher gains on exchange; 33.68 per cent resulted in cash expenditure on sales of commodities and procurement of materials, payment of salaries, etc.
Net operating cash flow of $879 million, corresponding to 9 per cent (due to an increase in receivables), net current 1. Non-payable costs affected $380 million. The impact was mainly on depreciation of fixed assets in 2018, amortization of intangible assets, amortization of long-term costs to be amortized, etc.
Billions of dollars, impact of inventory increases — $290 million: Billion: deferred income tax assets impact — $18 million. Project fixed asset payments and idle fund-raising investments increased from last year: 2018
The result was an increase in Ipo’s collection of funds to account and current bank loan repayments during the same period. With 600 billion-dollar assets for $1.2 billion, in fact, the company received an increase of 2 billion, far more than enough.
The construction work of $320 million, the construction of 250 million at the end of 17 years, and the tin-free projects have not yet been consolidated, all of which have achieved high growth, with a significant increase of 3.5 pct: 1.pcb operating income of $5.3 billion, representing 70 per cent of the total, compared to 38 per cent, and Māori of 23.04 per cent.
At the industry level, the increase in demand comes mainly from telecommunications customer orders (further construction of 4g, step-by-step delivery of 5g, wireless cable infrastructure, etc.), service storage customer orders (data centres, business networks, etc.).
Over 90 per cent, and over 10 per cent of global server quarterly shipments over nine consecutive quarters. At the end of the company, Nantong Smart Chemical Plant was over-expected, with crop rates rising to over 80 per cent by the end of the year, of which 1,699 million won in 2018h1 battalion and 2.289 million won in profits;
In addition, with the projected investment of 450 million yuan in the South Chinaton ipo, which has actually been invested in 710 million yuan, we expect that the actual capacity may have exceeded 450,000-500,000 flat/year. Overall, with the inauguration of the South Chinaton plant, the Shenzhen and tin-free plants are undergoing product restructuring and restructuring.
Optimization, progressive progress in corporate automation, professional production capacity and profitability. 2. Main business income from board business was 947 million yuan, an increase of 25.52 per cent over the same period, accounting for the business mems-mic as the backbone of the board, product upgrading, technological difficulties, companies.
This product continues to have a leading edge in technology and production: fingerprint and radio frequency module envelopes.
Chip product encapsulation by domestic and foreign chip designers: The company's high-density enveloped base plate has been produced in quantities, and some of the leading products (e.g. fc-csp) are already in bulk production capacity.
Key client class development is progressing as expected and is expected to be operational in 2019. Performance is as expected, with 5 gpcb taps and semiconductor materials under the umbrella of national production. 3. Electronic assembly consortium operations revenue of $927 million, an increase of 27.08 per cent over the previous year, representing operating income.
The main focus of the business is on client services, resulting from a fine-tuning of the product structure. Income growth is mainly due to increased demand for goods in the area of communications.
With respect to the ic plate, the company is a company with scarce internal resources and qualified through a technical capability test and large customer certification, and industry research has shown that 300,000 chips per month of stored chip production, approximately 38,000 to 40 thousand flat/month, are required for the ic plate production package, at an average cost of 2600 to 3000 yuan/month.
Preliminary statistics show that the total capacity of the large and expanding Idm storage chip production in mainland China is approximately 830,000 chips per month, of which 350,000 are currently in construction and 470,000 are under construction.
The global board market is about US$ 7.5 billion, the leading market is about 15%, the equivalent is about 7.8 billion rmb, and the deep south is now less than 2% of the total market, and there are about 6-7 billion more.
The competitive advantage of deep-south boarding over the traditional 10 (80% of the board market) is mainly in terms of cost prices, near response, capital, and the need for nationalization of core industries. There is no alternative to the semiconductor to some extent.
Over 3-5 years, revenue is expected to reach 20 + billion yuan, with a profit of 2.5 + billion yuan: in the long run, the company's 1c board has 7 billion yuan in incremental income space, and it's been about 8 to 12 years, taking into account the better position of deep south, to be a global head firm, taking into account the booming, viewing, etc.
Capital, talent and the infrastructure environment, which we assume will be completed in deep south in eight years, with the company starting a bulk commissioning operation in 2015 with the end of the plant, that is, in 2023, with the battalion reaching 15 per cent of the 13.7 billion United States dollars per year in the general category of pcb (reference sheet leader),
In 2023, the global market was about US$ 17 billion in gold (prismark), assuming that deep south’s market share in these three areas remained at present in 2018.
The global market for pcb as a whole is about 1.5%, or about 1.8 billion rmb in revenue. Electronic packaging is based on 900 million revenues in 2018, an annual compound increase of 10%, and, by 2023, performance is expected, with a 5gpcb tap and semiconductor material nationalized.
Performance met expectations, with 5 gpcb taps and semiconductor materials nationally produced banners, with 5 gpcb taps and semiconductor materials nationally produced large flags
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.