Domestic pcb tap, with a 5g dividend - Deep South Circuit (002916), first coverage report, 5g commercial will drive the pcb volume up, while the global pcb value is shifting to China, the company.
At www.scc.com.cn, as a domestic pcb leader, about 60% of the revenue will come from communications, which will take the lead in sharing the 5g dividend.
Global pcb output is transferred to China: while global pcb output has occasionally returned, the overall annual compound growth rate is 3.2 per cent, with China being the fastest growing region, at 3.7 per cent, ranking 21st among the firms, the head of the domestic pcb, and enjoying the dividends of global output transfer.
The market value of the liquiditya share (millions of dollars) will be derived mainly from communications, which will take the lead in sharing the 5g dividend: about 60% of the company ' s revenue will come from communications, by field of application. With 5g commercial, communications pcb will rise.
“3-in-one” business layout, with a focus on electronic interconnection: the company’s products consist mainly of the printing of circuit boards, envelope boards, and electronic bindings, which account for 70% +, 10% + and 10% + respectively.
The investment of funds raised by companies on the market is concentrated on printing circuit boards and envelope boards, enabling companies to capture the 5g commercial wave and share dividends of semiconductor national production. Profit forecasting and investment proposals: revised according to the performance forecast of 7 January 2019, the public
The unit value performed scenario analysis (optimism, neutrality, pessimism) and sensitivity analysis (wacc Song Jiangbo “3-in-one” business layout)
The Deep South Circuit Company Ltd. was founded on 3 July 1984 and listed on 13 December 2017 in a stock market. It specializes in the field of electronic connectivity and is dedicated to “integrators of technology and solutions for building world-class electronic circuits”, owns three operations: printing circuit boards, sealing boards and electronic packaging chains, which form the unique “3-in-one” business layout of the industry:
With connectivity at its core, while increasing the leading position of printing circuit boards, there is a strong effort to develop their “technically and technologically” envelopes and “client-to-customer” electronic assembly operations. The company’s operations cover levels 1 to 3 seals The industrial chain, making full use of industrial synergies.
Chart 1: The company's “3-in-one” business layout has evolved over the years, and the company has become a leader in the production of circuit boards in China, a pioneer in the area of sealing boards in China, and an advanced company made by the electronics association.
The first national technology innovation demonstration company and the National Enterprise Technology Centre (NETC): At the same time, the company is the chairman of the China Electronics Industry Association (cpca) and the head of the Standards Board, which dominates and participates in a number of industry standards. The company's first shareholder is China Air International Holdings, holding 69.74 per cent of the shares, while the actual controlling person is under the State Finance Committee of the State Council.
As of 30 June 2018, the company had six holding subsidiaries, one without tin depths, one without tin cores, one without tin-chip connections, one with Oboteng, one with a deep south in the United States and one with a deep south share of 52 per cent in Germany.
One plant, a tin-free plant, and one factory in Nantonton, of which the South Tongpcb plant is a fund-raising project, are still in the production-capable slope segment. The enveloped base plate operates in two factories, one in Long Kong and one in tin-free, and is currently under construction.
1.3 The company ' s history is preceded by Shenzhen City ' s Shenzhen Circuit Company Ltd., established in 1984, renamed Shenzhen City ' s Shenzhen City Shenzhen Circuit Company Limited in 2000, completed its share system reform in 2014 and changed its name to Deep South Electric Co. Ltd. in 2017.
ipo, listed on the Shenzhen main board, was established to produce circuit boards. In 2008, the company formally launched the electronic assembly consortium and in 2009, it officially launched a semiconductor envelope.
2.1 The industry and competition environment analysis of the company 2.1.1 Global pcb value shifts to China, and the company’s market dominance rises.
It means a print board designed on a common base to form inter-point connections and to print components whose main function is to connect various electronic zero components to a predefined circuit and to act as a relay transmission. The printed circuit board is a key interconnection for the assembly of electronic parts, providing not only electrical connections to electronic components, but also carrying digital and analogue signal transmissions from electronic devices.
Operational functions such as transmission, power supply and radio frequency microwave signal launch and receipt require most electronic equipment and products to be equipped and thus referred to as the “mother of electronic products”. The enveloped base plate, developed from the hdi plate, is a high-end pcb with high density, accuracy, high performance, miniaturization and thinning features, applied to the chip cover area.
Global pcb output, though occasionally rebounded, generally maintained a growth trend. The average annual compound growth rate for 1990-2000 was the fastest at 3.7 per cent; the Asia region, with the exception of China and Japan, with 3.4 per cent; and the Americas, Japan, and the comparison of the Chinese and global pcb growth rates showed that China grew at a significantly higher rate than the global rate in 2018 and 2019, at 2020.
According to the first quarter report of Prismark in 2018, deep-south circuits ranked 21st in the world’s pcb enterprise. In terms of global city share, the share of companies rose steadily, from 0.15% in 2004 to 1.43% in 2017.
The number of municipalities is much lower than 6.10 percent in the first place, and there is much room for an increase in the number of companies. 2.1.2 The competition environment analysis of companies uses the Porter Five Power model to analyse the competition environment of companies.
(b) Qualifying capacity of suppliers: general. The company ' s suppliers are relatively dispersed, with the largest supplier \diamond accounting for no more than 10 per cent of total procurement in 2014-2017 and the top five suppliers accounting for no more than 30 per cent.
Buyers’ bargaining power: strong. The company’s clients are mainly large international companies, such as China, Naking, Samsung, and Nokia, with a high concentration of customers. The first largest customer share of sales in 2014-2017 is the threat of new entrants: weak. The pcb industry is a technology-intensive industry, and the customer is a supplier.
In addition, the pcb industry is at an advanced stage, and it is an attractive alternative to new entrants: weak.
There is no risk of substitution. Level of competition among competitors: intense.
Firms in absolute positions also accounted for just 6.10% of businesses in 2017. Taken together, firms are not well placed to compete, but, as companies are the country’s largest pcb manufacturer, global pcb output is shifting to mainland China, they still have some regional advantages and advantages of size.
Figure 10: Based on the comparability of business and the availability of data, we have selected the shares of Xiaoyang, Eiden Electronics, Daegen Technologies, Bomi Electronics, Congwang Electronics, World Wide Web, Guangdong-Yongya, China-King Electronics, Hin-Sung Electronics, Ming-yang Circuits, Osci.
Eleven listed companies, including Hong Kong, calculate the average and median value of the industry. 2.2.1 The capital structure of the company has increased to more than one after the year, but it is still below the average and median value of the industry.
2.2.2 The composition of corporate income The net profits of the company grew at a much faster rate than the revenues. In the three quarters of 2018, the company achieved revenue of $5.337 billion, an increase of 26.64 per cent in the same year, and a net return to the mother of $474 million, an increase of 39.57 per cent in the same year.
The share of domestic sources has remained at over 60 per cent, with relative stability, with more than 10 per cent of corporate revenues, by field of application, including communications, industrial and regulatory medicine and consumer electronics, the most important of which is communications, accounting for around 60 per cent.
By product, the company’s products consist mainly of the printing of circuit boards, envelopes and electronic bindings, which in the first half of 2018 accounted for the national torch programme’s focus on high-technology enterprises, the first national technology innovation demonstration enterprise in the production of circuit boards, and the National Enterprise Technology Centre.
The Ministry of Industry and the Ministry of Technology have a separate Ministry of Research and Development, a Department of Product Research and Development and a Department of Technology, and after many years of autonomous research and development and innovation, companies have developed a range of proprietary technologies with autonomous intellectual property rights, ranging from process technology to front-line products, to maintain full technological leadership. As of 30 June 2018, companies had been authorized to patent 311.
Of these, 279 were patents, the number of which was authorized to be among the highest in the industry. Average and median industry values calculated by companies. 2.2.4 Companies ' profitability
The company ' s Māori rate was significantly lower than the industry average in 2014-2016, but the company ' s Māori rate has gradually converged towards the industry average as capacity has been upgraded and product structure optimized. Since the clients are mainly large domestic and foreign companies, the company ' s products are mainly sold directly, with lower commissions paid.
Corporate sales rates have long been lower than industry-wide, and financial rates are significantly higher than industry-wide owing to higher asset-liability rates and higher corporate financial costs.
Corporate management rates are also significantly higher than industry due to higher R & D inputs. If R & D inputs are excluded, company management rates are close to industry level and management capabilities are improved.
Figure 22: Corporate management rates converge with the industry after excluding R & D costs, although the sales rates are low, due to excessive financial costs, the company ' s three rates are still high after excluding R & D, and in terms of net asset yields, the firm ' s weighted roe has been raised from less than industry to significantly higher than industry.
2.2.5 Quality of corporate returns We judge the quality of corporate returns by two indicators: 1) ratio of net parent profits to net return profits net of non-recurring gains and losses (hereinafter “net profit after/from deduction”); 2) net operating cash flows versus net profits
The share of non-recurring gains and losses in the net return profits of a company has been decreasing, resulting in better performance in the net operating cash flow of the firm after/from the net return, with the ratio of net operating cash flows to net profits maintained at more than 2 per cent in 2014-2017, higher than the industry average and median.
The net flow-to-net profit ratio has fallen to just 0.78, slightly below industry levels. According to the 2017 report, the business cash inflow time was largely concentrated in the second and fourth quarters.
The company specializes in the design, development and manufacture of high school-end printed circuit boards, with product applications centred on communications equipment, with emphasis on aerospace and engineering medicine. After more than 30 years of accumulation, the company has a leading integrated technical capability in the processing of high school-end pcb, such as backboards, and has firmly established a leading industry in pcb technology.
Future companies will continue to focus on the communications market, focusing on the three main areas of aerospace, engineering and medical care, while at the same time achieving breakthroughs in such markets as automobile electronics and services/storage, further optimizing the market layout of the company's production of circuit boards
Engineering medical, telecommunications base station, transmission network.
Transport equipment, microwave transmission equipment Data communication routers, switches, services/storage equipment
Aerospace produces circuit board products that are located in the high school end application market, with high accuracy, sophistication and reliability.
The types cover backboards, high-speed multilayers, multi-purpose metal base panels, thick copper panels, high-frequency microwave panels, scratching boards, about 850,000 base stations, resulting in a 30% increase in the company ' s printed circuit revenue from the same year. Depending on factors such as the relocation of the production base, additional production capacity, climbing slopes, revenue decreased by 12.65% from the same year in 2015. Overall, the company ' s printed circuit board revenue is maintained.
0.99 percentage points: The increase of 1.88 per cent in unit costs results in a decrease of 1.49 percentage points in the Māori rate. Direct materials and FFA costs in the unit cost are contributing 0.88 and 3.96 percentage points to Māori, respectively, and direct labour and manufacturing costs are split.
In 2015 and 2016, the dividends of domestic communications were released, and companies adopted a price reduction strategy to expand their market share. Sales prices recovered after 2017, as product structures were optimized and offshore customers expanded.
The price of direct materials, which is linked to commodity prices such as non-ferrous metals, showed a downward trend in 2015 and 2016, which contributed to an increase in the Māori rate, while the increase in foreign procurement in 2016 further led to the consumption of direct materials per unit of product.
People need to reserve early before they release their capacity, and fixed assets begin to depreciate, which leads to higher labour costs and manufacturing costs associated with printing circuit boards in production units before they release. As production lines rise, output increases, and unit labour costs and manufacturing costs fall significantly in 2016, raising the Māori ratio significantly.
Of the funds raised by the company on the market, $450 million will be used for the investment in the “Plus high-speed, high-density, multi-layered circuit boards (phase I) investment project”, which is expected to be ready for use by 31 December 2018 and has actually come into production in the second half of 2018 and is currently in the production-capability slope phase. The main product of this project can be classified in terms of functionality as a high-speed communication rate.
High-density, multi-layer printing circuit boards and servers produce high-speed, high-density, multi-layer printing circuit boards. After the project is completed, the production capacity of 340,000 square metres per year of high-speed, high-density, high-density printing circuit boards is expected to yield $825 million annually. Assuming that the project is completed as planned, the project will enter the production capacity slope period in 2019.
In 2016, Māori rate change analysis, an increase in unit cost during the climb of capacity will lead to a decline in Māori operations, which will rapidly decrease as capacity is released, leading to a recovery in Māori rates. At the same time, given that several high-speed, dense, multi-storey printed circuit boards are high-end products, the unit price will increase. So we expect Māori rates to rise in 2019.
With the commercial advance of 5g2019, the demand for communications pcb will burst in 2020. And the company’s popular high-speed, high-density multi-layered campaign will release capacity, so we expect the company to print it in the coming years.
Revenue from circuit board operations will continue to grow at a faster rate. 3.1.2 Sealed boards. Integrated circuit industrial chains can be divided into roughly three links: chip design, crystal circle manufacturing, and sealing tests.
It is a key carrier in the integrated circuit industry chain sealing chain, providing not only support, radiation and protection of chips, but also electronic connectivity between chips and pcb at a time, and can even be buried in passive, active devices to achieve a system function.
For example, corporate-made silicon micromic micro-mechanics systems are heavily applied to smartphones such as apples and Samsung, with global market ownership exceeding 30%; self-employment
Dismissed chip envelopes are heavily applied to the internal and external chip designer's chip product envelopes: in terms of advanced process capacity, the company's high-density envelopes have already been produced, some of the leading products (e.g. fc-csp) have been developed, and future companies will continue to focus on areas of advantage such as micromechanical power systems and gradually move into storage, p/bb, etc.
Mainstream market; close to the trend of thinning electronics, in areas such as deep-farming mobile terminals and high-speed communications, and in areas such as extension networks and wearingable equipment.
Baseboards, radio frequency module envelopes, processor chip envelopes, high-speed communication envelopes, etc., are used mainly for mobile smart terminals, services/storage, etc. The envelopes account for more than 10 per cent of the company ' s revenue. In recent years, except for a slight decline of 2.92 per cent in 2016, the envelopes have been sealed.
This is largely due to the growing value of our semiconductor production, with a Māori rate of 29.04% in the first half of the year.
The artificial contribution to the Māori rate is 0.52 percentage points. In 2015, the company increased the number of packaged base plate products such as processor chip, storage chip, etc., which were sold at a lower price than the company ' s original micromechanical system package, so the unit product price fell.
Similarly, the direct material costs of packaged base-plate products such as processor chips, storage chips, etc. are lower than those of micromechanical systems, so the unit direct material costs decreased significantly in 2015.
To optimize product structure, direct material costs have risen. The rise in corporate output in 2015 reduced direct labour and manufacturing costs per unit, but sales declined in 2016, while fixed costs, such as depreciation of fixed assets, could not be adjusted quickly, leading to higher unit manufacturing costs.
Of the funds raised by the company on the market, $550 million will be invested in the semiconductor high-end high-secret plate manufacturing project, which is expected to reach its intended operational status by December 31, 2018. This project covers mainly storage, mobile terminals, and high-speed communications envelopes.
If the project is to be completed as planned, China’s continental sealing boards will produce only 1.23% of the world’s output in 2015, and our semiconductor is the largest market, and their nationalization will drive the need for national production. Given the advanced technology and adequacy of the company’s sealing boards,
We expect that with the release of additional capacity, the company's enveloped base plate revenue will continue to grow rapidly over the next few years.
Surface fitting, microassembly, etc., welding on pcb, electronic and electrical interconnections and, through functional and reliable testing, the formation of modules, whole machines or systems that are downstream of the pcb manufacturing business. Companies began entering the electronic assembly complex in 2008 to provide one-stop service primarily to high-quality customers to meet their reduced transaction times and performances.
The company’s electronics union operations focus on communications, medical electronics, aviation days, etc., and has the capacity to provide a full range of services to clients, including product design, development, production, assembly, system technology support.
Power, strong technological strength, stable quality performance and customer-oriented ideas. The company's electronics operations have developed long-term strategies with China, general electrical (including medical, transport, hydrocarbon, etc.) and Honiwell's leading global companies.
The company's electronic assembly products can be divided into pcba-grade, functional modules, whole-office products/systems combined, depending on the form of the product, account for more than 10% of the company's revenue. In recent years, the electronics union income has increased steadily, although at the same rate as in 2014
Materials, direct labour and manufacturing costs have reduced the Māori rate by 9.19, 3.50 and 4.95 percentage points, respectively. 2.21 percentage points; a 2.23 per cent decrease in unit costs has resulted in an increase of Māori by 1.82 percentage points. Direct materials in unit costs are contributing 2.24 percentage points to Māori, and direct labour and manufacturing costs have resulted in a decrease of Māori by 0.07 percentage points, respectively
The higher decline in the Māori rate in 2015 was due to the increase in product types, the decrease in the Māori rate in the production phase of new projects, and the increase in unit manufacturing costs due to the start of depreciation in the new production line.
• Risk-free rate of return: 3.17 per cent (ten-year national debt); corporate tax rate: 15 per cent: corporate equity cost: 11.57 per cent (using capital asset pricing model (risk-free rate + Beta*)
Based on the above assumptions, the weighted capital cost of the company (wacc) can be calculated at 8.98 per cent. We divide the future of the company into neutral, optimistic, pessimistic scenarios, based on neutral scenarios, and optimistic scenarios:
The rate of growth calculates fcff for the following year, which is finally discounted by company wacc. The result of the calculation is that the self-dry calculation process is not approximated. According to the results, the company ' s value is derived mainly from sustainable values after 2029. In optimism, neutrality, pessimism.
In each of the three scenarios, the share of the contribution of the sustainable value is as high as 70.29%, 69.03%, 67.38%, and Wacc and g are the two most important factors affecting the sustainable value.