Deep South Circuit (002916.sz) Deep South Circuit: Inner K's World Lead, 5g's Age Lead
The deep south circuit is an in-house capital pcb tap company, the deep south circuit (002916.sz) Ltd., which has three operations: printing circuit boards, sealing boards, and sub-loading, which are dedicated to “integrators of world-class electronic circuit technologies and solutions”.
After more than 30 years of development, the company has become a leader in the printing of circuit boards in China.
The company’s main downstream customers include the world’s leading manufacturers of communications equipment, and its future business development will focus on the development of 5g equipment and the upgrading of 4g equipment. China’s 5g network
Construction will be launched in 2019 and will be officially commercial in 2020. As a strategic partner of the world’s leading manufacturers of communications equipment, such as China, Nakaeng, Nokia, and Samstar, the company has been deeply involved in the development of client 5g products. The company’s pcb operations focus on 5g, focusing on 5g communications, and it is expected that the company will be worldwide.
The company will further expand its development in North America, Europe, etc., and increase its influence and coverage of major regional markets, including through channels.
The company was a pioneer and a national team in the country. The company had a clear pre-emptive advantage in the country, breaking the foreign monopoly, filling in the critical material gaps in our integrated circuit industry chain.
Preliminaries and “national teams” have the task of upgrading the industrialization of the domestic envelopes. The company is a supplier of global-renowned sealers, such as Sunshine, Geotech, and Long Electric Technologies, and has a leading role in some of the market segments. By implementing the semiconductor high-end, high-secret plate products, the company plans to do so.
Project, a technological breakthrough in the core of high-end high-sealed panels, creating a high-quality, high-volume production capacity, increasing market ownership and meeting the demand for national production of the integrated circuit industry. Future companies are committed to becoming providers of the products and services of top international firms.
The development of such niche areas as micromechanical and electrical systems and the gradual entry into mainstream markets such as storage, p/bb, etc. Performance growth is higher than expected, with 5g building for future growth.
Deep South Circuit: The Inner Capital, the Electronics Federation: Improving the Competitiveness of One-Stop Services, Rapid Growth of Performance, The 5g Age Pre-Emergency
The company has the ability to provide a full range of services to its clients, including product design, development, production, assembly, and system technology support.
The future company electronics operations will target three main markets: communications, medical care, and aerospace, developing product design services, while at the same time vigorously exploring the automobile market, focusing on opportunities in areas such as industrial controls, new energy sources, etc. Companies will build on existing core customers by providing value-added services and enhancing their core customers.
It's a one-stop shop, and it's a one-stop shop. It's a profit forecast and investment proposal, and it's a semiconductor that's home-grown.
1. The construction of 1 5g does not advance as much as expected; 2 additional capacity creates a large excess supply risk; 3 risks of significant price fluctuations in raw materials; 4 risks of expansion are not as fast as expected. 1 pcb operations maintain high capacity utilization and sales rates, and capacity release matches the order acceleration: 2 5g
A smooth move towards a market share for the company, with a higher unit price and Māori ratio for 5g products; 3 – Accommodation with pcb; 4 – A high productivity and sales rate for the existing enveloped base-plating capacity, with no tin capacity, is different from the general public's perception
The increased demand for high-frequency high-speed pcb in the 5g era was not only for large-scale production of the corresponding pcb with high-frequency high-speed coatings and modifications. The difficulty of some types of product processes increased the demand for large-scale precision manufacturing capacity on the part of manufacturers.
It takes about three years from research and development to product formation. So the leading manufacturing level and the pre-eminence in the area of communications are corporate moats. 1, 5g construction progress or corporate orders are over-expected; and 2, envelope board operations are over-expected.
1. 5g is not as advanced as expected; 2. The expansion of production is not as fast as expected. First, the deep south circuit is a domestic pcb-making flagship, deep south circuit (002916.sz) Ltd. was established in 1984 and went to the public market in December 2017.
Focusing on electronic interconnection, the Division has three operations, pcb, printed circuit boards (pcb, primecircuitboard), enveloped base plates, and electronic packaging chains, which form a unique “3-in-one” business layout, dedicated to “integrator of world-class electronic circuit technologies and solutions”.
After more than 30 years of development, the company has become a leader in the printing of circuit boards in China, a pioneer in the area of sealing boards in China, and an advanced company made by the Electronics Federation.
The company, as the chairman of the China Electronics Industry Association (cpca) and the head of the Standards Board, led and participated in the development of a number of industry standards. The first quarter report of Prismark in 2018 showed that the deep south was ranked 21st in the world’s pcb company.
Clients include: China, Naking, Nokia, Hornewell, General Electric, Ge-Med, Bo, Biadi, Xi, the company's first shareholder, China Air International Holdings Ltd., with 69.74 per cent shareholdings. The company's performance has grown rapidly in recent years. In 2018, the company achieved operating income and a net return profit of 76.02, respectively.
697 million yuan, an increase of 34 per cent and 56 per cent, respectively, for the same year. It is expected that 209q1 will achieve a net return profit of 164 - 187 million yuan, a net return profit and growth rate for the deep south in 2013 - 2018, and a cost increase of 11.66 per cent over the company period in 2018, i.e. 1.92 percentage points over the same period.
The ratio of pcb, electronic assembly, enveloped base plate operations to total operating income is 71%, 12%, communications 61%, industrial medicine 14%, consumer electronics 13%, auto electronics 3%, aerospace 3%, services/store companies invested $1,746 million in upgrading the company's grid and printing circuit board production capacity through fund-raising projects.
The South-south deep-to-South project on digital high-speed high-density multi-storey printed circuit boards is mainly used for high-performance computing and communications types such as servers, data storage, core routers and exchange equipment. The South-to-South project is now operational, reaching 340,000 m2/year of new post-partum production of additional circuit boards. The tin-free semiconductor high-end high-secret plate product manufacturing project is still under way.
The company will continue to strengthen the technological edge of the three existing operations, integrating resources for the development of new products based on the three operations. In addition, the company will develop its own research and development in the area of electronic connectivity and foster new growth points.
ii. Printing of circuit boards: positioning of high-end products, directly benefiting from construction of 5g (i) deep south circuit communications, engineering medicine, aerospace pcb to maintain a leading position
The product should be used as a core for communications equipment, with emphasis on aerospace and industrial medicine, and will gradually increase the development and input of technology for products such as 5g, new energy vehicles, and material networking.
In the area of communications, the company mainly produces pcb for communications equipment, which has become the world’s leading radio base station provider for radio frequency power pcb. Communications equipment pcb is mainly supplied to leading manufacturers in the global communications industry such as Hua, Nokia, Naking, etc. In the area of industrial medicine, the company has passed the Iso 13485 medical equipment quality management system and has joined with the ge-health industry.
In the field of aerospace, the company is the main supplier of pcb for aerospace applications in the Asia-Pacific region, certified through the nadcap and as 9100 aerospace industry quality management systems, the first plant in Asia to be certified as pcb by nadcap.
In the area of automotive electronics, the company has been certified as a quality management system for the auto industry of Iso/ts16949 and has been accredited with the Bosch, Botsch, in the case of the electronics sector.
Good partnerships have been established with high-quality clients like Biadi, the Wall, etc. In the area of computers, companies have focused mainly on service/storage subdivisions, and have established good partnerships with high-quality clients such as Unions, Hilde, etc.
The company continues to build specialized and automated plants. After more than three decades of accumulation, the company has advanced and integrated technological capabilities in the processing processes at the end of pcb in various upper secondary schools, including backboards, which can create special pcbs and have advantages in key technological indicators such as layer numbers, apertures, line widths, etc.
In 2018, company pcb achieved operating income of $5.379 billion, an increase of 38 per cent in the same year. The Māori rate has recovered in recent years. The Māori ratio was 23.04 per cent in 2018, an increase of 0.71 percentage points in the same year. The average cost of company pcb products in 2017h1 was $2842 per square metre.
In 2015, the capacity utilization rate was slightly lower, mainly because the overall relocation of the production base in Nansan affected normal life. The company’s major downstream customers, including the world’s leading manufacturers of telecommunications equipment, will focus their future business development on the development of 5g equipment and the upgrading of 4g equipment. China’s 5g network will be launched in 2019 and will be officially commercial in 2020.
The company, as a strategic partner of the world’s leading manufacturers of telecommunications equipment such as China, Naking, Nokia, and Samsung, is deeply involved in the development of client 5g products. The company’s pcb business focuses on 5g, focusing on 5g communications, and is expected to benefit directly from the global 5g construction process.
The company is committed to becoming the world’s leading manufacturer of pcb and provider of solutions. In the future, the company will remain at the heart of the communications market, pre-researching new generation product technologies, providing high-speed, high-capacity solutions for the next generation of communication networks and equipment, and meeting customer needs in a timely manner.
Market breakthroughs, such as services/storage, have further optimized the market layout of companies’ pcb operations. Moreover, companies will further expand their development in North America, Europe, etc., by, inter alia, increasing their influence on and coverage of major regional markets.
(ii) The pcb industry has moved to China, and domestic firms have continued to grow in strength
The level of development of the printed circuit board industry can reflect, to some extent, the speed and technical level of the electronic information industry in a country or region. pcb can be divided into rigid circuit boards, flexible circuit boards, scratch boards. The rigid circuit board can be divided into single panels, two panels, multiple panels.
The template is the pre-production part of the pcb batch. In general, only successful, tested, modulated products for actual application are identified for the bulk production phase. Depending on the size of the batch, pcb batches are generally available.
Volume demand is divided into small batch plates (20m2 ~ 50m2) and medium batch plates (20m2 ~ 50m2) and large volume plates (50m2 in pcb product classification pcb industry) mainly consisting of a variety of raw materials, mainly copper beads, copper balloons, copper mounds, semi-solidated tablets, ink, etc.
Dry membranes, gold salt, etc... The copper sheet (ccl, cappercladlaminate) is the most important material for the manufacture of pcb, commonly known as the base material, immersed in resins with fibreglass cloths or other rehydrated materials, and is made on one or both sides with copper beam heat pressure. The copper sheet is processed through etching, electroplating, multi-layer pressure mixing, etc. and is made into printed circuit boards. In addition, it is required to meet downstream requirements.
The purchase needs of leading brand customers, and the pcb production firms often need to purchase electronic parts and pcb products, while the coatings account for about 20 to 40% of the total cost of producing the printed circuit boards, with the greatest impact on the cost of printing the plates. Copper beads and copper balls are also important raw materials produced by pcb. The price of copper beams and copper balls depends mainly on the price of copper.
Industry development is closely related to the global macroeconomic situation. Upstream raw material supply and price levels influence the production costs of printed circuit boards. Downstream electronics, communications equipment, gas.
Periodic fluctuations in applications such as car electronics, engineering equipment, medical electronics, aerospace and other applications determine the level of demand and prices for printed circuit board products. The pcb industry has developed for longer periods and has undergone several cycles. The rapid start-up phase was 1980-1990.
The impact of smartphone growth has been slowed and stock adjustment has been compounded by a brief adjustment in the pcb industry. Recovering growth in 2017 is projected at $61.1 billion in global pcb production in 2018, an increase of 3.84 per cent compared to the previous year. In 2019, it will reach $62.87 billion, an increase of 2.9 per cent compared to the previous year, with global pcb output caagr = 3.2 per cent.
Automobile electronics, industry 4.0, cloud-end servers, storage equipment, etc. are the driving forces behind the growth of the pcb industry. The pcb industry has been shifting to mainland China. In addition, there has been a strong demand for downstream areas such as communications, consumer computers, computers, auto electronics, industrial controls, medical devices, defence and aerospace, and a clear increase in production of pcb on mainland China for the last two years.
Prismark projected a pcb output of $31.2 billion in 2018, an increase of 5.05% in comparison with the previous year, and Prismark expected Asia to continue to dominate in 2018. China, for its part, is in an unshakeable middle-class position in Asian markets.
Prismark shows that China’s mainland region accounted for 31.18% of the world’s pcb output in 2008 and more than 50% in 2017. Japan, the Americas, and Europe have gradually decreased their share, especially in Japan.
China’s mainland region has a significantly smaller share of the enveloped base plate. The scratchboard is also slightly below global levels.
In China’s pcb market in 2017–2022, 8–16 floors of multi-layers, 18 floors of super-high-level cagr will be reached, respectively, from downstream applications, with a larger share of computers and communications worldwide and a larger share of enveloped panels. On mainland China, computers account for a smaller share, and telecommunications and consumer electronics account for the largest share.
Prismark data for the field of communications from 2018 to 2022, pcbcagr = 3.5%, with the highest rate of growth. This is followed by the current 20 largest pcb manufacturers around the world, mainly offshore-based enterprises. The largest number of eight, with the largest number of producers in Taiwan. Japan (5), South Korea (3), divided by two and three. On mainland China, there are two.
Investing plants have an advantage in terms of size of production, R & D levels, supply capacity, product quality and customer quality. iek data show a global market share of 30.2% for pcb, Japan, Korea and land capital enterprises in 2016, and 21.6% 17.6% 16.8%.
At present, there are about 2,800 pcb companies around the world, concentrated in six major regions: mainland China, Taiwan, Japan, Korea, the United States, and Europe. Japan is the world’s largest high-end pcb producer, with manufacturers using high technology to provide high-value-added products.
The competitive advantage is found mainly in the high-level hdi, enveloped boards, top-heavy areas, and representative firms such as nippon mektron, ibden, sumitomodenko, Shinkoelectric, cmk, etc. Japan’s pcb manufacturers have been growing in recent years due to high domestic production costs.
Taiwan region and Korean pcb companies focus on products such as higher-value-added envelope boards and hdi boards. Taiwan local pcb companies mainly supply large-scale orders, mainly apples, Samsung, htc, etc.
Most of the industry is a holding subsidiary of large national groups like Samsung, lig, which produced pcb products mainly for Korea, Europe’s early pcb firms, which are mostly part of large electronics groups, and which provide an internal support service. As the global pcb market evolves, and American firms are involved in the European pcb market, Europe at the end of the last century.
Since 2000, Europe’s pcb industry has moved significantly to Asia, with a rapid decline in the number and value of its plants. Currently, Europe’s pcb companies retain only a few models, small batches, and military-industrial products.
The pcb market in the Americas is concentrated in the United States. As the pcb industry moves, United States pcb firms are shrinking, with less than 18 floors imported mainly from the Asia-Pacific region.
The pcb industry in South-East Asia is mainly located in six countries: Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia, Philippines, Viet Nam, and Indonesia. The pcb industry in South-East Asia is mainly located in the early 1990s, mid-term by Japan and the United States.
South-East Asia, as an emerging pcb market, is growing in size as well. The global pcb industry is fragmented, small-scale, but increasingly larger and concentrated.
The data show that the market share of the top five pcb producers worldwide increased from 11 per cent in 2006 to 23 per cent in 2017. This trend is due, on the one hand, to high demand for industry capital, high technology requirements, and strong intra-industry competition, and, on the other hand, to the increasing concentration of downstream end-use brands.
Taiwan's top technology, Japan's flag, and the United States of America's fast-to-reach ranks among the top three. In 2017, operating income amounted to 35.9, 33.23 and 2,658 million dollars, respectively. The top 30 producers reached 12.
Ends, consumer electronics, etc., personal consumption. Deep South circuits are mainly oriented towards communications equipment, engineering medicine, aerospace, etc. With the rapid expansion of the industry, the upgrading of the pcb industry on the mainland of China has accelerated, and the production of high-end, multi-layered, scratching boards, hdi boards, etc. has increased considerably.
But there is still a gap in technology content with advanced products from abroad. International manufacturers are now dominated by high multi-layers, hdi panels, scratchboards, envelope boards, and special panels.
China’s pcb market has a huge development space that attracts a large number of international firms, and most of the world’s world-renowned pcb producers have built up their production bases and expanded actively. There are about 1,500 of our pcb companies, which form some 1,500.
There are a large number of domestic firms, but there is still a gap between size and level of technology.
In terms of product structure, China exports are mainly low- and medium-end pcb products, while imports are mostly high- and medium-high-end cpca, such as high-story boards, hdi panels, scratchboards and envelope boards. The data show that China’s consolidated pcb companies ranked first in 2017.
Wi-Sin, Deep South, ranked 5th and 6th. In 2017, the top three Pcb companies, namely, Deep South, Xingyang Electric, and Xinsen Technologies, brought new opportunities for the pcb industry. (iii) 5g, Automobile Electronics, etc.
The pcb industry will be 4g commercial year in 2014, and the domestic mobile communications market will enter its 4g era in 2015.
The data show that the number of 4g base stations in China was approximately 3.28 million in December 2017. By the end of 2018, the number of 4g base stations in China was expected to reach 3.67 million, and by 2020, 4 million by the time the 5g were officially commercialized. The data from the China Institute of Information and Communications Technology showed that the number of 4g base stations in China stood at 33.93 million as at 18q1. The global number of 4g base stations was about 5 million, and China 4g base stations
The number of stations is about 60% of the world's total. The high transmission rate of 5g requires higher frequency bands, but the coverage of the high frequency electromagnetic waves is smaller and operators need to deploy more base stations. On the basis of the 5g frequency band and the coverage radius, the total number of 5g base stations is expected to be 1.3 times greater than 4g.
China’s 5g base station is expected to reach 5.2 million. Assuming that China’s 5g base station stands at 60% of the world’s total, it is assumed that the global 5g base station will reach a limited range of signals that 5g base station can cover, and the cost of intensive deployment is too high, while the capacity of the 5g base station is not easy.
Acquiring, so the 5g high frequency band would be based on a small base station, which would be heavily deployed to cover population-intensive areas that the base station could not accurately reach. From its composition, the base station would not differ much from the base station. In the 5g super-intensive network scenario, the distance between the base station and the base station would be very small (10-20 metres), while the base station would be the shortest.
500 meters away, so the number of base stations will be much higher than the number of base stations. Sadie's advisors expect the number of base stations to be two times higher than the number of base stations, so we assume that China's 5g base stations will reach 10.4 million, and the number of stations will reach 1.73 million globally. The growth in the number of base stations and stations will result in an increase in the demand for pcb.
The time point for building the base station is not clear, and we estimate it only on the basis of a 5-g macro station. The 3g, 4g-era wireless telecommunications base is made up of antennas + rru+bbu. The bbu is the baseband processing unit, the rru is the radio frequency stretching unit. The antenna and the rru are connected by feed lines.
In the 5g network, the above structure is reconfigured as aau+cu+du. In simple terms, aau = antenna + rru. bbu =cu+du0 aau (activeantennaunit) active antenna unit: bbu part of the physical layer processing function and original rru
The non-real-time part of the original bbu will be split out and redefined as cu, which will handle non-real-time protocols and services.
du (distributeunit) is a distribution module: the residual function of bbu is redefined as du, which handles the physical layer protocol and real-time services. If you save the direct transmission resources of rru and du, some physical layer functions can also be moved up to rru.
5g uses high frequency bands, antennas and radio frequency boards for medium transmission losses, high heat conductivity requirements, resulting in demand for high frequency plates. The 5g transmission rate has increased significantly, resulting in demand for high-speed panels.
According to the report, pcb plates used in microwave and millimetre wave bands are produced mainly using low-media constants, low-media power consumption (ptfe, hydrocarbons, pe resin). High-speed circuit boards are mainly based on special resins, epoxy-modification special resins. The use of high-frequency high-speed plates will increase the value of pcb. High-frequency-based industry barriers are high, leading to excellence in tap companies.
The market share of Rogers in ptfe-ccl is more than 50%. Radio frequency elements in the home owner aau, such as filters, binoculars, pa, etc., will be integrated into pcb. The antenna in the aau antenna will also be integrated on the pcb board, pcb being 2 or 4 floors of high frequency.
The size and number of pcbb in the bbu part of the 5g base station does not change much compared to the 4g base station. However, the 5g transmission rate has increased significantly, and the information processing capacity of the bbu has become more demanding, creating a demand for high-speed panels. On the one hand, high-speed material is used to replace traditional fr-4s in the coatings. This leads to an increase in the pcb unit price.
The 18-20 floors from the 4g to the 20-30th floor from the 5g. The 5g base station bbu consists of a backboard and two single boards (the master and the band). The backboards are multiple layers, large sizes, complex manufacturing processes, and high values. The single board consists of the control board and the band board.
On the basis of the above information and assumptions, we measure the market for pcb in Hong Kong.
By 2018-2026, China is expected to have a market of 56.1 billion yuan for the construction of the pcb base station. If China continues to account for 60% of the world’s 5g base station, the global total for the construction of the pcb site will be 93.5 billion yuan.
Automobile electron is the overall name of the motor vehicle electronics and vehicle electronic control devices. It is an electronic control system made up of sensors, microprocessors, implementers, electronic components, etc. The main applications of motor electronics are concentrated in power systems, chassis systems, body systems, driving information systems, security systems and security systems.
The need for comfort, recreation, etc. is increasing, and electronicization, informatization, networking, and intelligence have become the direction for the development of car technology. At the same time, the rapid development of new energy vehicles, safety aids, and unmanned technology has allowed more high-end electronics, communications technologies to be used in cars, and automobile electronic systems to account for the cost of the entire vehicle.
The steady growth in the size of cars and the increase in the level of electronicization have contributed to rising demand in the automotive electronics sector. Prismark shows that the global electronics market for cars was $204 billion in 2017. Motors in medium- and high-end cars accounted for 28 per cent of electronic costs and 47 per cent of new-energy cars.
With 10,6.8 million vehicles, the electronic market size of cars will reach $252 billion. Automobile digitization will result in vehicle use pcb ntinformation data of $6.05 billion in 2017 and projected to reach $7.5 billion in 2020, and cagr = 7.4 per cent between 2017 and 2020.
The rapid penetration of consumer electronics, led by mobile electronic devices such as smartphones, tablets, etc., boosted the development of the pcb, especially fpc market, as a major connection.
The idc is projected to deliver 1,958 million mobile phones globally in 2018, an increase of -0.6% compared to the previous year, a steady flow in the future, and a saturated mobile market. Domestic cloud computing is growing and mature, while mobile interconnection applications, such as payments, oto applications, social networking, etc., are moving fast.
In the future, as cloud computing applications deepen, more and more servers will serve cloud computing, and huge demand for products will contribute to the rapid growth of the server market. From 2016 to 2020, China’s server market is expected to grow rapidly.
Sales will continue to grow at an annual rate of about 21 per cent, reaching 12.737 billion yuan in 2020; high-speed, high-volume, cloud computing, high-performance servers are constantly developing, and design requirements for pcb are constantly being upgraded, e.g. high-level numbers, large sizes, high vertical ratio, high density, high-speed material applications, unleaded applications, etc.
The development of the server market drives the development of pcb, especially the high-end pcb market. The applications of pcb in high-end servers include, inter alia, backboards, high-end line cards, hdicards, gf cards. The high-end server requires an increase in the number of pcb layers, from 4 to 6 and 8 floors of the previous 1 or 2u server to 16 layers of the current 4u and 8u server.
(iv) The requirements for pcb products vary from one application area to another. The requirements for pcb in the communications area can be divided into communications equipment, mobile terminals, etc.
Communications infrastructure for wire network transmission, including base stations, routers, switches, backbone network transmission equipment, microwave transmission equipment, fibre optics-to-house equipment, etc. Pcb requirements for communications equipment are mainly based on high multi-story panels (approximately 35.18 per cent of the 8-16 floor) and the envelope base.
The demand for pcb for mobile terminals is concentrated mainly on hdi, scratchboard, and envelope boards. Global smartphones are saturated. Electronics are moving towards miniaturization, thinning, and individual electronics are increasingly using envelopes.
More than 20 to 30 semiconductor devices are covered with enveloped panels, such as ap/bb chips, radio frequency modules, fingerprint recognition modules, micromechanicals, electrical systems, storage chips, etc. As smart terminals become more widely available and applications of the Internet are on the rise, a steady increase in mobile terminal demand, such as smart phones, flat boards, computers and wearingable devices, will provide the necessary security for the continued development of the containment base plate industry.
Prismark data show that the demand for pcb in the industrial and medical field in 2016 is $3.770 billion and is projected to be capr = 3.87% in 2016-2021. As the global population accelerates ageing, the demand for portable and home-based medical equipment increases dramatically, and medical equipment has wider prospects.
The ratio is approximately 80.77 per cent for the 16 floors and below, with pcb requirements in the aerospace field predominantly dominated by high layers, with 8-16 floors accounting for approximately 28.68 per cent and scratching plates accounting for 12.52 per cent.
The demand for pcb in the electronics sector of automobiles is mainly based on low-story floors (26.93 per cent of single/double panels, 25.7 per cent of 4 floors, 17.37 per cent of 6 floors), hdiboards (9.56 per cent) and scratchboards (14.57 per cent).
The pcb demand in the computer field can be divided into sub-areas such as personal computers, services/storage, where the market for personal computers is largely saturated and growing at a slower rate, while the market size of the service/storage is growing rapidly. Prismark data show that the demand for pcb in the computer field was US$ 16,994 million in 2016 and is projected to be capr = - 0.11 per cent in 2016 - 2021.
The need for pcb for personal computers is mainly concentrated on scratching boards and envelopes, which together account for 48.17 per cent of the total. Services/storage of pcb are dominated by 6-16 floors and envelopes. (v) High-speed high-capacity, high-system integration is the future direction of pcb
The development of integrated circuit technology and the downstream electronics industry, which are driving pcb (including enveloped panels), is progressing, and the next generation of communications, engineering medicine, aerospace, car electronics, which represent the future direction of the industry, will place higher demands on pcb technology, and high-speed, high-capacity, system integration will be the main direction for the future.
(1) High-speed mass. With the application and diffusion of big data, cloud computing, the volume of global network data has increased, requiring more and more data to be processed by communications equipment, and more and more demands on network transmission rates and end-product performance. With the large-scale application of 4glte communications technology and the development of 5g, the corresponding base of communications and access to mobile terminals, etc.
Network equipment must have high capacity and high bandwidth. Growing demand for capacity makes communications products more frequent and faster, the complexity of photovoltaic interconnections rapidly increasing, and pcb, which supports ICT development, will also move in the direction of high-speed large capacity, with requests for updates on frequency rates, layers, dimensions and PV integration.
Up above the layer, industry technology will be further fragmented and refined. (2) High system integration. Mobile smart and object network terminals are increasingly more integrated and multifunctional, pushing the pcb integration technology at a faster rate. i/o number increases, leg spacing decreases, and design becomes more complex and more functional.
The more diverse they come, the larger the number of components within the same volume, the higher the integration density on the circuit board. Small-scale pcb products such as scratching combinations, embedded components, high density, etc., have features that provide a higher density of circuit interconnections, can accommodate more electronic components, and have great advantages in multifunctional integration, volume weight reduction, etc.
Whether by reducing the size and weight of an entire product, or by adding functions to the size of an existing product, pcb mini-chemistry can play a significant role. With the support of Moore’s laws, especially beyond Moore’s laws, high density, multifunctionality, and high integration will become integrated electricity.
The main direction of the development of road technology is that the encapsulation panels carry important tasks in terms of the high performance and miniaturization of semiconductor envelopes. High-density encapsulation panels, driven by the demand for encapsulation, such as bga, csp, and flip-chip, have become the basic technology necessary for all high-end electronics and mobile electronics. System-level seals (sip) and silicon vents III
Advanced integrated encapsulation techniques, such as tsv3dpackage, will require that the envelope board move in the direction of higher accuracy and density. 3c electronic devices, such as smartphones, continue to move in the direction of thinning, miniaturization, mobility and printing circuit boards.
"Little, thin, short, small" requirements are increasing. As the number of vols is increasing, it is necessary to further narrow the pcb line width, but the traditional hdi is limited to a process that is difficult to meet.
High-level hdi, mainly made using semi-accumulation techniques, can satisfy both cellular space and signal transmission requirements. Slp markets are expected to grow rapidly over the last three years, and firms that have pre-positioned positions are expected to gain more.
Development, more and more pieces are buried on the ic board. Passive elements have become more common before, and at this stage active elements are now being buried to enhance integration. If active elements such as ic and other passive elements are buried in pcb in the future, this will shorten the current plp product, ecp of the pcb vendor at &s (embeddcomponents)
The pcb industry is in maturity and the traditional application market is saturated.
With the arrival of 5g, and the increase in car digitisation, automobiles and communications equipment are expected to become more efficient in the next five years. In general, firms with technological R & D and technological advantages, especially high layers, special material plates, etc.
Pcb companies, which are dominated by high-end products such as knitting boards and envelopes, have limited to some extent the number and speed of entry of new entrants due to their large financial inputs and high technology thresholds, allowing for a relatively high Māori ratio of their products. Based on the characteristics of the pcb industry in providing customized products according to customer demand, stronger manufacturers can do so.
To participate in front-end design, improve R & D capabilities and processes, improve management systems, and so on, constantly improve product competitiveness, improve production efficiency, reduce production costs, enhance customer stickyness, and promote business profitability. On the mainland, China already has a group of pcb enterprises with a certain size and technological strength.
The opportunities for industrial integration have emerged for firms of higher size, which have grown through expansion, acquisition, and product upgrading. Downstream applications impose higher requirements for product performance, technology, quality, and the advantages of leading pcb enterprises in terms of technological reserves, production equipment, information management, integrated supply chain management, etc.
Stable services, with a market share to be concentrated with leading firms. Advanced technology, superior customer resources, and excellent managerial capabilities, leading firms with expanded capacity will be competitive.
(i) The company expands the enveloped base plate to achieve high-end core technology breakthroughs. The company produces the enveloped base plate, the micromechanical system envelope, the radio frequency module envelope, the processor chip envelope, and the high-speed communication envelope, mainly for mobile smart terminals.
Based on its experience in the high-density, high-level, multi-layer pcb field, the company took the lead in 2008 in developing the enveloped base plate, and applied in 2009 to become the main sponsor of the special 02 medium-plate project. The company has a clear pre-eminence in this area, has mastered the fused sheet production process, and has made a breakthrough in the technology of overturning the coated base plate, breaking the country.
As a pioneer and a “national team” of the country's sealing boards, the company has the task of upgrading the industrialization of the interior. The company is able to produce a minimum width/wire range of 20 μm/20 μm for processing, 65 μm for aperture, 135 μm for perforation,
The thinest sheet is a high-density, high-precision enveloped base plate. The company’s high-density enveloped base plate has achieved production, and some of its front-line products (e.g. fc-csp) have small bulk capacity.
The corporate-made silicon micromic system covers smartphones such as apples and tristars, with a global market share of more than 30%. The self-developed processor chip envelopes are heavily applied to domestic and foreign chip designers.
Interest rates remained between 24 and 30 per cent, reaching 29.69 per cent in 2018, an increase of 3.57 percentage points in comparison with the previous year; operating income from the company's enveloped base plate business was mainly derived from the micromechanical power system class (41 per cent), followed by processor chip class (17 per cent), storage chip class (11 per cent), followed by wireless radio frequency module class (10 per cent), and high-speed communications envelopes.
The prices of products of the micromechanical system type 2014~2017h1, high-speed communications envelopes and processor chip classes have fallen. The wireless radio frequency module, storage chip classes, have remained largely flat. The overall price has fallen slightly.
The company is currently implementing the “Project for the manufacture of high-end high-secret board products for semiconductors.” After the completion of the Non-Sixian Deep South Project, the enveloped panels are used mainly in the areas of storage, mobile terminals, and communications. Through the project, the company plans to achieve high-end, high-sealed core technological breakthroughs, create a mass production capacity of stable quality, increase market occupancy and meet the set.
The company is committed to becoming a provider of the products and services of the world’s top-class firms’ enveloped boards. Future corporate sealing boards will continue to focus on such niches as micromechanical power systems, and will gradually enter mainstream markets for storage, p/bb, etc.
In keeping with the trend of thinning electronics, expanding the network and (ii) the technical barriers to the envelopes, along with high-speed communications in the field of deep-farming mobile terminals and high-speed communications, and the opportunities for development for Chinese manufacturers, the integrated circuit industrial chain can be divided into three segments: chip design, crystal round manufacturing, and containment testing.
It is a key carrier in the integrated circuit industry chain sealing chain, which provides support, radiation and protection for chips, as well as electronic connection between the chip and pcb, and which can even be buried in a sourceless, active device to achieve a system function. There is a high correlation between the enveloped base plate and the chip, and different chips are often matched by specially designed enveloped panels.
Traditional integrated circuits (ic, integratedcircuit) are encapsulated using the lead-line framework as the vehicle for ic-wiring and supporting ic, connected to both sides of or around the lead-line framework, such as dfp, dualflat blockage, qfp, quaadflatpackage, etc.
With the development of semiconductor technology, the characteristics of ic are shrinking, their integration is increasing, and the iC envelope is moving in the direction of extra-legged, narrow-range, and super-smaller size. In the mid-1990s, the new iC-density represented by the grid array (bga, ballgridarray), chip-sized envelope (csp, chipscalepacage)
Envelope forms are available, resulting in a necessary new carrier for encapsulation - the enveloped base plate.
The enveloped base plate is developed on the basis of hdiboard. As a high-end pcb, it has high density, high accuracy, high performance, miniaturization and thinning features, using, for example, the chip envelope of the mobile product processor, which is 20 mm/20 mm wide/wire range and will be reduced to 15 μm/15 m, 10 μm/10 μm over the next 2 to 3 years.
Depending on the encapsulation process, the encapsulation base plate can be divided into the lead key combinations and the inverted envelopes. The fused keys (wb, wrebonding) are used extensively for radio frequency modules, storage chips, and for the encapsulation of micromechanical system devices.
Depending on the field of application, the enveloped panels can be divided into storage chip envelopes, micromechanical power system envelopes, radio frequency module envelopes, processor chip envelopes and high-speed communication envelopes, etc., which are mainly applied to mobile intelligence terminals, services/storage.
Wsts projected global sales of $40.16 billion in 2018, an increase of 17 per cent over the same year. In 2019, they will reach $40.96 billion, an increase of 2 per cent over the same year. csia data show sales of an integrated circuit in mainland China of $44.61 billion, an increase of 22 per cent over the same year.
The central design industry sold $17.91 billion, an increase of 22% over the same year: manufacturing 11.47 billion, an increase of 28% over the same year; and sealing $152.2 billion, an increase of 19% over the same year. The global sector will grow rapidly in the areas of networking, artificial intelligence, and 5g applications.
In the first phase, organic envelopes have emerged, with 19 of them large enterprises. The year 2003 was a turning point in the development of reverse chip envelopes, with Japanese firms moving fast.
In 2004, 40% of the world’s fc-ppga envelopes were occupied by Japanese manufacturers. Around 2000, South Korea, Taiwan sealers, and pcb manufacturers quickly moved into the enveloped board industry by introducing technology from the United States and Japan.
The global sealing base plate manufacturing industry can be divided into three types: one, an encapsulation base plate manufacturer with an encapsulation manufacturer, e.g., sun and moon material (a branch of the global octopus group), full-blown precision (silicon technology investment) etc., and two, because the encapsulation base plate and the hdi plate in pcb have some common features in the manufacturing process.
The pcb manufacturer has expanded the packaged base-plate operation on the basis of its original business and is currently market-mainstreamed, mainly with Hmong computers, Hining Electronics (in the United States), South Asian circuits, deep south circuits, Heinsen Technologies, etc. in the mainland region.
In 2017, the top 10 manufacturers of the global enveloped boards were Japanese, Korean, and Taiwan regional enterprises, with a combined market share of 82.87%. The Hing Group, lbiden, Semco, were divided into the top three.
Prismark shows no change in the world’s 10 largest envelopers in 2012-2017, with only a small internal adjustment, with the overall share of the city remaining above 80%. In 2017, the gloom group, South Asia circuits, landscape technology, and the world’s 4 largest Taiwanese manufacturers together accounted for 37.16% of the production.
Japan, Korea, with 23.73%, and Korea, with 21.98%. China, Japan, and Korea, with 28.13%, 33.76%, and 22.15% respectively, were the top 10 firms in 2012. Industry moved from Japan to Taiwan.
The share of the enveloped base plate industry is increasing year by year. The number of envelopes is wide, and mainstream manufacturers include product-specific and sector-specific base plate plants.
The Division produces a full range of products, a variety of enveloped panels, and a wide range of products, including wbcsp, wbbga, fccsp, fcbga, pop, cof, e.g., happy groups, Xinjin Technologies, etc. These companies are large and have a certain level of production, with a fixed client base. Some focus on research and development and improvement of one or more of the envelopes.
In particular areas of envelopes, such as Sintae Electronics, a company that specializes in the production of envelopes, storage units are the world's number one. Advanced envelopes lead to the upgrading of the envelopes industry. From the original grid arrays to the (bga) with cores.
The development of single-chip envelopes to two-dimensional multi-chip envelopes (e.g. mcp) and three-dimensional multi-chip envelopes (e.g. sips) has led to the introduction of a fowllp package (a crystal-scale envelope) for the cores on the envelope boards and a cellular processor chip with an apple agent.
The technology wraps the chip directly on pcb, without the need to use the enveloped board. The package is still one of the pcbs, but the process is closer to semiconductor specifications. Apple import panel technology is expected to bring about hardware innovation.
High-end hdi manufacturers need additional equipment and processes. Each competitor has advantages and disadvantages. For high-end hdi manufacturers, the technological threshold is higher, with the advantage of using adjusted hdi equipment.
Production costs are lower, e.g., ding-tao, at &s. Packing-plating manufacturers have technical experience and advantages, but production costs are higher for class-loading boards; as in the case of landscapes. Producers with high-end hdi and envelopes can theoretically adjust production capacity between hdi and class-plating panels, taking into account the impact of product mix and capacity utilization on overall operating efficiency, such as happy grouping.
In my country, it has been difficult for local firms to enter the field because of the technical difficulties involved in sealing the base plate, the amount of money invested in it. At the start-up stage, the product is mainly imported.
Some breakthroughs have been made by the deep south of the electric circuit-based inner-sourced base plate companies. But in the area of high-end, high-sealed base plate segmentation, existing technology and markets are almost monopolized by Japanese, Korean, and Taiwan-based pcb firms, such as Ibden, Semco, and unimicon.
As a key complement to the integrated circuits industry chain, our short panels in the field of sealing boards have also limited the development of integrated circuit entire chains. In the light of the shift of semiconductor industries to mainland China, the future transfer of seals to future industries has been marked by a huge amount of space and a new development opportunity.
(i) One-stop shop operations and strategic partnerships with leading global enterprises
The company’s electronic assembly product can be classified as pcba, functional modules, whole-office products/systems, etc. The company’s electronics union operations focus on communications, medical electronics, aerospace, etc., are already available to provide packages to customers, depending on the form of the product.
The company has developed long-term strategic cooperation with China, China, electricity (including the Ministry of Health, Transport, Hydrocarbons, etc.) and Hornewell, the world’s leading companies, which already have the technological and technological capacity to process a variety of high-precision, high-complex electronic assembly products.
Companies already have a multiplicity of small- and medium-size-scale processing capabilities. The business income of the company’s electronics association grew rapidly, reaching $927 million in 2018, an increase of 27 per cent over the same period.
In 2014-2016, the corporate consign model earned slightly more than the turnkey model. The 2017h1 company turnkey model was slightly higher than the consign model. Consign, turnkey model sales unit prices increased.
The company's electronics union is focused on communications, medical electronics, aerospace, etc., and competitors in specific product projects. Because of differences in client and project types, companies face more competitors. In the area of communications, the competitors are Fuscomm, Wei Weibo, Xingyang-woo. In the field of medical electronics, they are the main competitors.
In the field of aerospace, the company is committed to becoming the customer’s preferred supplier of a professional electronic assembly that provides high-reliability products and quality design and manufacturing services. The future company electronics will focus on a business-focused strategy for communication, medical care.
The company will build on its existing core customers by providing value-added services, enhancing its vis-à-vis core customers, and further improving the competitiveness of one-stop services.
(ii) A growing range of electronic manufacturing services and a clear trend towards diversification
Testing, formation of modules, whole machines or systems, which are downstream of the pcb manufacturing business. Electronic assembly is an electronic manufacturing service (ems, eclecticmanufacturing services) in the industry, defined narrowly as an industry that provides manufacturing services for various types of electronic products, representing outsourcing of the manufacturing chain.
Each of the ems manufacturers has the capacity to provide many services to branders, including electronic product design, engineering development, raw material procurement and management, manufacturing, testing, and after-sales services, in addition to branding. As the e-manufacturing service model matures and service capabilities grow, the global e-services service provider is leading the way.
The total number of surrogates is increasing every year. Professional market research institutions show global electronic manufacturing services revenue of $446.3 billion in 2017 and are expected to reach over $551 billion in 2021, and the size of the global market for electronic manufacturing services in 2016-2021
In 2017, the three main categories of products before the operating income of the global contract manufacturing industry were wireless communications (36 per cent), computing computers (32 per cent) and consumer electronics (15 per cent), which together amounted to 83 per cent. Wireless communications were expected to reach 39 per cent in 2021, the computer industry experienced a small decline to 30 per cent, and consumer electronics maintained 14 per cent, which together remained essentially unchanged.
idc data show that 1,405 million smartphones came out of China in 2018, an increase of -4%. The Ministry of Information and Communications data show that 33.516,000 smartphones came out of China in December 2018, an increase of -14%.
The Circus data show 548 million shipments of large-scale LCD monitors worldwide in 2017, an increase of -1.96 per cent. Tv shipments were 255 million, an increase of -3.8 per cent, and mnt shipments were 140 million, an increase of -0.9 per cent, an increase of -0.9 per cent in comparison with the projected global volume of 277 million pc shipments in 2018, which is almost the same as in 2017-2022.
The global market is projected to be $3.197 billion in 2018, an increase of 20 per cent in 2018 and 96 million in 2018, an increase of 1 per cent in 2017-2022.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, europe noortamerica others.
As the global electronic manufacturing base moves to China, a large number of ems manufacturers invest in the construction of plants in our country. Global major ems companies enter the Chinese market, bringing a new model of industrial collaboration to the domestic ems industry, and creating opportunities for domestic home-grown ems manufacturers to access international markets.
The upgrading of the service concept has enabled excellent home-grown ems companies to compete internationally and provide additional services such as product development, piece purchasing, warehousing, logistics, and after-sales. Honghai is the world’s largest electronic manufacturing service provider. The world’s top 10 ems has a market of 85.78%.
The Deep South Electronics Consortium is primarily a one-stop service for high-quality pcb clients to meet their demand for shorter turn-overs and lower costs, which differs considerably from the “pure replacement” model of the ems manufacturer and has lower market ownership. Supply chain collaboration between branders and ems manufacturers is deepening.
The initial “dealers” have evolved into a long-term and solid partnership. Ems initially served computer manufacturing. The industry of ems services has now diversified into small quantities of electronics with a small economy, such as communications, industrial controls, consumer electronics, medical electronics, automobile electronics.
As the e-manufacturing service model matures and the capacity of service providers to integrate services increases, e-manufacturing services expand and the total number of surrogates increases year by year. The penetration rate is expected to increase further in the future.
Pcb operations maintain high capacity utilization and sales rates, and capacity release matches the order growth rate; 5g construction progresses well, companies gain a certain market share, and 5g products have higher unit prices and Māori rates; IEC operations grow with Pcb operations;
Existing containment base-plating capacity maintains high capacity utilization and distribution rates, with no tin output released gradually. Deep south circuits peband and pbband. 1, 5g construction does not advance as much as expected; 2, additional capacity poses a significant risk of oversupply; 3, raw materials
Wang Fenghua, a graduate student at the Chinese People’s University, is currently the Executive Director of the Institute of Associated Securities.
Xu Jialine, author of the report, who has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.