IT hardware and equipment 5g & semiconductor materials national team, a global leading electronics corporate solutionr Deep South circuits as members of the national team are committed to “building world class electronic circuit technologies and solutions”
In the short term: the core builder of 5g. The 5g deployment has cost the pcb market well, and it is expected that the 5g base station will number 6 million stations, and the small base station is expected to deploy up to 8.5 million.
The base station, the outdoor base station, and the indoor base station have been measured against the pcb market in the construction of 5g. The company has created a high barrier in the area of communication equipment, pcb, which is the core supplier of global mainstream equipment, Nokia, and popular.
In the medium term: National teams of integrated circuit materials. The c-boarding threshold is high, production is difficult, and there is a high correlation with the chip. The deep south circuit, with the advantage of the national team, has succeeded in mastering the core technology of the top-secret seal, breaking the monopoly of foreign technology.
A global market of more than 30% of the world’s leading sealer suppliers, such as Long-Range Technology, the Silicon Microphone System (SMI), has a global market share of more than 30%. Long-term perspective: the unique global integration of three-tier-enclosed electronic circuit technology solutions.
The circuits not only achieve technological breakthroughs, but also know the needs of their customers. Deep South circuits form a unique “3-in-one” business layout that provides clients with a professional and efficient one-stop solution through value chain-wide services such as programme design, manufacturing, electronic assembly, microassembly and testing.
In terms of governance structure: National team employees plus top equity incentives, net profits have continued to improve the space.
Investment proposal: Keeping companies at the forefront of domestic capital pcb, building with 5g and transferring production capacity; Perception bias: 1) Markets think that companies are inefficient as state corporations. But the fact is...
Companies are engaged in fully marketed business, with an average compound annual growth rate of 25% over the past 13 years, if inefficiency is phased out by the market well ahead of 13 consecutive years. 2) The market thinks that orders are guaranteed because of its status as a state corporation. In fact, the company ' s overseas operations account for 35%, even within the country.
Business is also largely the result of a fully marketed competition. Company orders in the field of aerospace, not because of the country’s identity, but rather because of the company’s technical capabilities.
(b) Analysis of the different technical requirements for different applications of the 1c plate and the development of the deep south circuit with the same technology and head customers in terms of the ic plate; 3) analysis of the deep south circuit as condensed
There is a technological strength to integrate the three levels of containment and to understand the needs of clients, with long-term development strength: 4) in comparison with the industry ' s corporate equity incentive system, analysis of the development of profit projections underlying the deep south incentive system, based on the broader context of accelerated deployment of 5g, deep south circuits as integration
In the short term, in the medium term, in the long term, in the long term, and in terms of equity incentives, deep-south circuits will capture a head dividend and long-term robust development strength in the deployment of 5g. We have made a broad forecast of the performance of deep south circuits, based mainly on the following assumptions:
Since other operations have been growing at a steady pace since the year, we assume that the company's pcb operations are increasing at a rate of 2)ic, based on the deep south of the pcb industry's headline strength, and that the output transfer will be increasing at a steady rate of 30 per cent, 33 per cent and 35 per cent, respectively.
3) The electronic combination operations depend on the company ' s own pcb operations, and there is still much room for growth, so 3) the company ' s containment base-plate production capacity is in reserve, the national production replacement space is large, and the envelope-plate business is expected to remain stable at 5.
5g & Semiconductor Materials National Team, a global leader in the overall solution of electronic circuits.
With the solution integrator, with the three operations of printing circuit boards, envelope boards, and electronic combinations, the industry has a unique "3-in-one" business layout. The deep south circuit is a domestic pcb leader, an "ic" front-loader, a third-class packager, and we're expecting a 5g deployment, a "pcb" and an "ic" operational production transfer window, deep south power.
The road will generate a head dividend from it.  Printed circuit boards  enveloped boards  electronic combinations  other major business  performance in 2018 was as expected overall. +33% of the revenue in 2018 was $7.6 billion, resulting in a net return of $697 million to the mother.
For the printing of circuit boards, $5.379 billion, an increase of 38.15% over the same year, and the Māori rate 0.71 percentage points over the same year. For this reason, it is higher than expected to be realized in Nantong factory, which has benefited from technological and productive upgrading.
A 25,52 per cent increase in the same year and a 3.5 per cent increase in the same rate of Māori. The company has continued to lead the way in the installation of micromechanical and electrical systems: fingerprints and radio frequency (RF) envelopes have grown rapidly and account for 927 million yuan, Māori 18.23 per cent, and industry structures have reduced Māori by 0.9 million times.
In the short term: 5g core builders (i) 5g deployment push pcb volume flight 1. 5g equipment requests pcb from "mass" and "mass"
The increase in base station deployment has led to a significant increase in the use of pcb. It is expected that the number of 5g base stations will be 1.5 times that of 4g base stations, amounting to 6 million stations, and that the deployment of small base stations is expected to reach 8.5 million, compared to the current deployment of 2.2 million small base stations.
The pcb market under the construction of the 5g base station will be specifically measured below. As wireless communication develops from 2g to 5g, applications such as cloudsvr/ar, car connections, etc., demand for high frequency band applications has increased significantly.
Small, construction density requirements are high, 5g will follow a pattern covered by a network of "Matrostations plus Small Stations" and the corresponding number of base stations demand. According to the Ministry of Information and Communications, 439,000 new 4g macrostations were built in 2018 by the three major operators, bringing the total to 3.72 million.
As far as possible, the loss of antenna transmission is greater. In the 5g band division, China moved 2.6 ghz and 4.9 ghz bands, China United shared 3.5 ghz bands with China Telecommunications, rising relative to the 3g and 4g periods, and reconstructed the network into three functional vehicles during the 5g period: aau (sourced antenna, rru+ antenna),
Cu (centralized), du (distributed) with multiple network deployment patterns. Early in the deployment of 5g, the sa cluster network framework was based on a combination of low-cost, low-time, short-life and construction cycles; and in the medium term, the c-du separation structure was introduced to allow for the sharing of base area resources, lower operating and maintenance costs, and better suited to sea level connectivity scenarios.
5g base station higher requirements for high frequency pcb board (>1ghz) on “mass” resulting in higher unit prices. 5g base station large capacity, multichannels, frequency increases, and very small loss requirements on the base material, further raising the requirements for pcb backboards, high-speed multilayers: (1) medium constants are small and stable, otherwise they can easily cause delay in signal transmission; (2) medium depletion
These two points place very high demands on the manufacturing process, which is why the technical barriers to high frequency pcb are high and profitable. In the construction of the base station for wireless communication equipment, the pcb product is mostly multi-layered, with a total of more than 70% of the pcb used on four floors and above.
Of this amount, 8-16 floors accounted for 35.2 per cent, while the requirement for multi-layer numbers increased in the 5g era, resulting in an increase in the unit price using pcb, with an estimated area of 300 pcb per square metre at the 5g base station, and an increase in the price of pcb per square metre at the front end of the radio frequency that exceeds the average cost of pcb materials used at the 5g base station
(1) aau-rru, according to the current 5g test, 64t64rmassivemimo is the main test option for the various equipment providers. According to the Chinese Tower, the 64t64r3.5ghz array is estimated to require 50 cm x 50 cm and 2.6gz 70 cm according to a 1/2 m2 estimate.
70 cm, presumably the initial base station aau product is about 60 x 60 x 30 (lxdxh, cm) and its weight is expected to be about two times that of the current rru product (the existing commercial 3dmimo4g base station aau weighs about 40 kgg). Digital signal processing module, numeric/mode converter, amplifier, low noise amplifier, filter in the aau programme
In combination with instruments such as binoculars and antennas on pcb boards, massivemimo technology increases the number of integration devices, and integration at the same time height will replace large numbers of scattered components with pcb, making the general communications pcb area and the high frequency pcb area relative to the 4g (2)aau - antenna
The increase in the number of antennas will result in an increase in the use of antenna floors with high frequency pcb, for example, 64 t64r antennas, which are twice as high as the single antenna; prices are based on double panels, which account for 40 per cent of the 6 floors and 60 per cent of the average price of 73,000 m2. In the case of antenna vibrations, 64 pieces (28*28 mm/m) are measured at a unit cost of 0.2 million m2.
In the early 5g era, the cau/du co-location scheme will be used, similar to the bbu function, and the backbone treatment module will be mainly multi-layered, with the 5g data processing volume increasing, the number of layers of the strap processing board and master control board will increase to 16-20 floors and above 20 floors, with the corresponding price increasing.
The area of communication is currently the largest downstream of pcb, and the construction of the 5g base station will increase the price of the pcb volume. The size of the aau and bbu of the 5g base station will increase significantly, and the total price of the pcb, which is measured at a single 5g base station, will exceed $10,000, representing 6% of the value of the single 5g base station.
The main suppliers in the 5g macrostations are Huayuan, Naking, Ericsson and Nokia, with the advantages of key technologies in the 5gran, 5gcore, 5gtransport, respectively, and the three stars, as new challengers, are also competing.
Live. A bbu usually connects to one or three aau, with a small shape and low capacity. 70% of the new business in the 5g era will take place in the interior, with a higher demand for indoor coverage experience.
Small, which can be used to supplement areas with weak signal coverage or blind spots, increase the capacity of hot spots, and also provide greater flexibility in the selection of sites, for example, airports, high-speed stations, malls, etc. Micro-based stations include bbu (baseband processing unit) + rru (radio frequency processing unit) + sky feed.
Figure 16: Disaggregated by form, small base stations with base belts, radio frequency units, gift systems, direct access to core networks, integrated small base stations
Vault base stations, milliwatt base stations. Rru only contains radio frequency units, which need to be connected to bbu to achieve base station function, not directly connected to the core network, tiles rru, milligrade rru.
Take the example of the lampsite system, which uses a network architecture based on indoor digital systems, with the entire system divided into three parts: bbu, rhub, and prru. Compared to the ads solution, it is simple and easy to build; no surveillance blind areas exist; the area can split remotely to make it easier; support network evolution; and synergize and automate indoor and outdoor.
. A bbu can connect three to six straps to a small indoor station, and a strap handler to a maximum of six.
rru, therefore, the base station usually has more antennas in bbu, measuring one bbu for four straps and four rru for each strap. According to the 5g base station deployment scheme, a building can deploy specific prru and rhub, depending on the situation, and the base station aau single pcb for approximately 0.006 m2 (see table below only pcb in bbu).
Figure 19: Price projections for individual indoor small base station solutions pcb. Many manufacturers currently have small base stations in China, Nokia and Shanghai Bell, Ericsson, Singing State, Kinshin Communications, etc. The construction of the 5g base station will be faster than the construction rate of 3g and 4g. The 3g and 4g base stations will enter the base station after the issuance of the 5g license plates.
During the peak period, the 3g base station construction cycle reached 1.65 million stations for three major operators in 2009-2014, 59.93 per cent for the 3g base building period in 2010 and 1.02 million, 1.07 million and 1.12 million for three major operators in 2014-2016, an increase of 61 per cent in 2014.
At the two meetings on 5 March, the Minister of Trade and Finance, Hsiao Hsien, called the 5g licence plate to be issued shortly, although not at a specific time, but according to our plans, 5g is expected to reach a large commercial level by 2020, with the 5g license plate expected to be issued in 2019, and with the calculation of the 5g commercial propulsion process, it is expected that the 5g base station will be built faster than the 3g and 4g construction cycles.
Five years. With the construction of 3g, 4g, one year after the issuance of the license plate, a peak of 5g is projected for 2020-2021, and the construction of 5g macro stations in the country is expected to be more than 1.5 times faster than the construction period of 4g. According to the commercialization of 5g substations in the United States in September 2007, the volume of shipments at the global base in 2017 reached 2.3 million (an increase of 39 per cent over the same period).
Total revenue in 2017 was $1.8 billion (a 20 per cent increase over the same year). According to the latest market study by scf, commercial small base stations will be growing steadily at 36 per cent of annual compound growth rates in 2015-2025, with more than 70 million small base stations expected to be installed in 2025, and 13 million small base stations of 5 g or more. As of June 2018, three major operators had been able to build them.
External and internal base station deployments of over 700,000 and 1.5 million, respectively, are expected to reach 8.5 million. 24: deployment of our base station in small base stations (in thousands), 25:5g base station deployment projections (in thousands)
Owing to difficulties in deploying das, capacity growth constraints, evolution of key technologies and regulatory difficulties, the traditional das will not be able to meet the 5g requirements for the future. On the basis of 8.5 million stations, the number of deployments of small base stations will be 1.3 times as high as the number of deployments of macro-based stations, as currently available: indoors = 0.32:0.86.
Pcb market under construction in 5, 5g. (ii) Deep South circuits will capture head dividends from construction in 5g.
Deep South Electric has created a high barrier in the area of communications equipment pcb, which is located on the high-end application market, with a number of technological indicators at an internationally advanced level, characterized by high accuracy, density and reliability, and a wealth of product types. The product applications are centred on communications equipment, with emphasis on air, space and industrial medicine.
High-end pcb processing technology, such as the Board, has a leading and integrated technical capability and is firmly embedded in the pcb technology. The company is a “national team” in the pcb field, with advantages in policy, capital, talent, etc., strategically positioned as a “tech leading driver for profit” and a sustained high proportion of R & D inputs over the years, helping companies to acquire a large number of “technics”
In the first half of 2018, companies ranked tenth in the world's top 40 companies, and first in China's capital, pcb. Corporate communications accounted for more than 60% of the total.
The company’s full capacity provides the basis for long-term development. According to investors’ notes, the company currently produces about 1.4 million square metres per year of pcb, about 240,000 square metres per year of enveloped base plate production, and the major factories are year after year fully operational and productive.
The company’s 340,000/year pcb capacity, raised by the ipo, was put into production in 2018, and the firm’s performance growth was determined and sufficient capacity would lay the foundation for its long-term development. Industry transfers, national production alternatives, and we are now the world’s largest production base on pcb, 2017.
With the advent of the 5g era, the layout and development of various applications has led to an increase in the pcb market, especially in communications, and a shift in global capacity from pcb to China has been identified. The expansion of the domestic pcb industry has been limited by its fragmentation and low concentration; and with the price of upstream raw materials.
In this context, Deep South is expected to take the lead as a leading industry provider in prioritizing industrial transfer dividends based on technological advantages and industry leadership. The next two to three years will be a full-scale price increase in corporate products.
Increases in volume, leading to higher prices: the 5g base station construction cycle increases demand for corporate products. Companies maintain long-term partnerships with core clients, and core customers are actively developing 5g, with deep south circuits expected to be 2 of them, the company is the global mainstream equipment dealer, Nokia, the central supplier in Central China.
The company’s customers are core equipment dealers, with a high concentration of customers. In the company’s core customers, China, China, and Nokia, China are the top customers. The sales of the top five customers of the deep south circuits in 2014, 2015, 2016 and the first half of 2017 accounted for 44.48%, 40.46%, respectively.
Figure 33: Distribution of circuit boards in the first half of 2017 as a global leading provider of information and communication solutions with a pre-emptive advantage in the 5g field in terms of base stations, belts, chips, patents, and end-ends. In the release of 5g products in 2018, C-band 64 and 32 were launched
Massivemimoaau supports 200 mhz bandwidth; 5 glampsite is compatible with 4 g down to achieve indoor 4g, 5g combined deployment; wireless sites will be a combination of d-ran and c-ran web sites with bbu 5900 and cbu 5900 respectively.
Figure 35: 5g layout for China: 36: Results of procurement of mobile 5g wireless main equipment in China, 2019 (unit: stations)
It's the broadest, the first, the first.
Software defines any 3-band, 4-band-wide, multi-frequency multi-mode indoor small base station
5g+lte multi-frequency integration 5glampsite, while China is the first to complete all tests of the 5gsa independent network.
This would reduce the size of the future base station aau by 55%, weight by 23%, and power savings by 21%. In 2018, China obtained 5g construction projects from the China Mobile Hong Kong Corporation, while China moved 50% of 500 base stations in 2019, and has provided more than 10,000 5g base stations worldwide, and now has 30 5g commercial contracts, exceeding 25,000 5g.
(5g) Under phase III of the China 5g Technology R & D pilot, organized by the Propulsion Group, Lampsite took the lead in completing the full testing of the performance and functionality of the 5gsa independent network. Figure 37: Results of procurement of 5g wireless primary equipment moved by China in 2019 (unit: stations)
The company is the core supplier of the Wireless Base and Server Board, and has established a long-term, stable partnership. It is a supplier (only one pcb supplier is selected annually), the world’s first certified green partner through China.
In 2007, Siemenscom, the Siemenscom communications group, and the Networkbusinessgroup of Nokia, each funded 50% (the shares of Siemens were acquired in 2013), and Nokia Siemens Communications Joint Venture was established as a supplier of telecommunications solutions.
The acquisition of Alcatel Langse in 2013 enabled Nokia to acquire fixed, core and ip network technology and comptel in 2017. In 2017, Nokia earned 23.1 billion euros, about 184.5 billion yuan.
Now approved by the United States Federal Communications Commission, a 5-g experiment for 28 ghz experiments in New York, Texas, and elsewhere. At the same time, advanced countries like Australia, Japan, and others are open to Nokia 5g devices.
At the same time, Nokia has launched a fentocce product for businesses and households. As a high-quality supplier for Nokia, the deep south circuit has emerged from thousands of suppliers, winning the best in 2016.
China’s leading global provider of integrated communications solutions, China’s largest listed company for telecommunications equipment, with a 13% share of global base-station sales in 2017, ranked fourth.
Stations, including 5g low-frequency base stations, high-frequency base stations, rapid deployment base stations, indoor coverage, simulation terminals, smallcell, etc., are a full range of products; software and hardware already have system-level commercial capabilities to support large-scale commerce in 2020.
At the end of 2018, an agreement was reached with the British Channel Islands operator jerseytelecom to obtain the first overseas 5g commercial connection. Deep South circuits as a high-quality provider of communication pcb have received the best global partner and best technical support.
i) ic high barriers 1 , high ic threshold and high difficulty ic board represents the highest level of technology in the pcb field, accounting for 40% of the cost of encapsulating ic.
As a protection, support, wiring, and heat-dispersing tool. Compared to normal pcb products, the c-boards must have sophisticated interlayer-to-layer, circuit imaging, electroplating, drilling, surface treatment, etc., with high thresholds and high research and development difficulties.
The main raw materials of the integrated circuits include coatings, semi-stabilized tablets, bronze pins, copper balls, gold salt, dry membranes and oil ink, the prices of which are significantly influenced by the prices of the related metals.
There is a high correlation between the 1c plate and the chip, which is accompanied by a specially designed enveloped base plate, which in different fields is subject to different requirements. The semiconductor seal is divided by material: metal encapsulation, ceramic encapsulation, metal-ceramic encapsulation, plastic encapsulation; external structure: foot insertion (sip), dip, pga class), surface patches.
(sop, qfp, surface envelope (bga class). Depending on the field of application, envelope panels can be divided into storage chip envelopes, micromechanical system envelopes, radio frequency module envelopes, processor chip envelopes and high-speed communication envelopes, etc., mainly for mobile intelligence.
In order to be able to use end, service/storage, etc., the application area imposes different requirements on the enveloped base plate. In order to meet the features of the storage system ' s overstretched envelope, high speed, high capacity, etc., it is very demanding to have a light density. In order to fit the frame, the technology needs are mainly locked in the thin-width/width-range micro-hole, micro-placing/capture, low-cost structure, etc.
The smaller the size of the plate, the smaller the number of layers, and therefore the tendency to reduce the number of layers from the old binary panels to odd panels. (2) Micromechanical systems cover the base panels. Micromechanical systems are small in size and highly integrated and are applied to smartphones, tablet computers, tackable electronics.
Appliances, etc., are heat-sensitive, precise, and are characterized by difficulties in development, encapsulation, and testing, and high demand.
Emplacement. With the rapid development of mems encapsulation, crystal-circle and 3d integration becomes more and more important. Mems refer to micromechanical systems that combine high-tech electromechanical devices with technologies such as light etching, corrosion, mems, liga, silicon microprocessing, non-silicon microprocessing and precision mechanical processing.
The market size of the instrument and implementer will be $12.7 billion, and the mems sensor is expected to account for 73 per cent of the $9.3 billion semiconductor sensor market, 47 per cent of the total 24.1 billion shipments made during the year, and the market size is expected to grow at an annual rate of 10 per cent.
It is the best option for high-density, high-performance, multiple-legged envelopes, such as cpu, south of the main plate, and the North Bridge chip. Although the bga envelopes are large, they increase the encapsulation rate and reliability, improve the thermal performance, delay the transmission of the cpu signal, and increase the frequency of adaptation.
(4) The RF module covers the base plate, which is often used for the containment of the body, and which is combined with the integrator technology, is the best option for the RF envelope in terms of cost, size, performance and flexibility.
The rcl of functional modules such as filters, unbalanced transformers, etc., often uses the form of ipd (sourceless device integration technology) which has the advantage of: first, that it is easier to construct in rpf applications (charges with a capacity of less than 25.0h or less than 50.0pf) in ipd; and second, that high-resistance silicon tablets allow for the generation of a sense of higher quality factors that make ipd electric.
Quality and externality coefficients are guaranteed; third, the Iipd program can use smaller linear width and isolation space to make filters, unbalanced transformers, smaller shapes. Figure 50: Smallening of the radio frequency module, lightening requirements
(5) High-speed communications envelopes are used primarily for data broadband, telecommunications, fttx, data centres, security modules and smart grid conversion modules, with high-precision signal control techniques at the core. High-speed pcbs are more often multi-layered, with the inner layer assigned exclusively to power.
Source and location, with the advantages of power stability, low circuit resistance, significantly reduced wiring length, and low cost. The ic board market was ranked first in the semiconductor segmentation area. According to Prismark, the global ic board (i.e., the envelope) market was close to $7.6 billion in 2018, a 13% increase in the same year, 2018-2022, with global envelopes.
The base market will expand gradually to $8.8 billion at a compound rate of 5.7%. The ic board is currently in a phase of monopoly, but there is a clear shift in capacity. The ic board originates in Japan, with nearly 90% of the market share in Taiwan, South Korea, Japan, and over 80% of the world’s top 10 manufacturers.
Japan’s producers are still relatively advanced, but they are now able to open up, increase their sales, and have a greater cost advantage in more mature products (e.g. pbga). The industry has a clear shift in capacity, and the share of the world’s enveloped base-plate industry from Japan to later Korea, Taiwan, and now mainland China is rising year by year.
(ii) Prospective for deep south circuitic operations 1. Members of the national team, pioneers of the domestic enveloped base plate, which has been difficult for indigenous enterprises to access due to the technical difficulties of the envelope and the level of funding invested in it, in 2016
Previously, the sealing board had been completely monopolized by foreign companies, and the global occupancy rate of the mainland Chinese envelope had been almost zero. It was only with the country’s major science and technology special “Extra-Small Integrated Circuit Manufacturing Equipment and Packages” (Specialized 02) that deep-south circuits were allowed to seize the foreign monopoly of the sealing board.
In conjunction with the development of high-density envelopes, active exploration of the national production path of the envelopes, projects such as “High-density, multi-layered panels development and industrialization”, “3D high-density panels and high-performance cpu containment technologies” have been completed and have successfully mastered high-density envelopes core technologies, breaking the foreign monopoly of technology.
Corporate ic boards are mainly used for mobile smart terminals, services, storage, etc.. The coated panels produced are divided into storage cores, micro-electric system envelopes, radio frequency module envelopes, processor chip envelopes and high-speed communications envelopes. As pioneers in the area of our envelopes, deep south circuits have mastered the fused envelopes.
The plate production process, with breakthroughs in the inverted envelopes technology, and the encumbrance of passive devices on the floors, while actively developing the encumbrance of the ic technology, the sip key capability layout. As the demand for high-density, mini-enveloping envelopes increases, the market for the built-in panels continues to expand, and the emergence of the encumbrance-type technologies is embedded in industrial structures and industrial knots.
At the same time, the deep-south circuit board strategy has been adjusted to be more oriented towards chip manufacturers and companies that separate industry leaders in the field of mems microphones, and deep-south circuits are now focused on mems acoustic micro, and with a variety of voice-controlled products, the market is not.
There is a long-term increase in demand. Mems-mic envelopes have been upgraded, technology has become more difficult, and deep south technology continues to be a leader in technology and production of this type of product.
High-speed communications, storage, and other smartphones, such as apples and Samsung, have expanded production capacity. Currently, the deep-south base plate has a daily capacity of 1,000 pnl, and the base plate II plant has a direct capacity of 1,500 pnl in March of this year, and the second phase is planned to produce 2,500 pnl under the flag.
The semiconductor high-end high-secret plate product manufacturing project, with $150 million in investment, is expected to phase out production capacity in June 2019, resulting in a production capacity of 600,000 m2/year of a sealed base plate designed to open up high-speed communication, storage, and integrated circuit storage to both domestic and international tap customers.
The corporate enveloped base plate collection comes mainly from micromechanical systems, which account for more than 40 per cent, followed by the storage chip class, which used to hold virtually zero global ownership of mainland China, as compared to the previous year, but the current global share of mainland enterprises is 1.23 per cent. Deep South circuits account for 1.08 per cent of the global enveloped base plate industry.
The company’s 10-boarding board is home-grown, and its clients include major global manufacturers such as Samsung, Hercules, silicon microphones, and the encapsulation of mechanical and electrical systems, which are heavily applied to smartphones such as apples and Samsung, with a global market share of over 30%, and have become qualified suppliers to leading global sealers, such as Sunshine, Science and Technology, and Long Electric Technology.
The main customers in China are Heith and the show. With the trend of domestic ic to design, manufacture, seal, upgrade, and encapsulate the chain to mainland China, the future transfer of space from the encapsulating base plate to the future industry is four, and in the long term: a global, rare, integrated three-stage electronic circuit technology solution.
Programner, Deep South circuits are dedicated to building the integration of world-class electronic circuit technology into the solution, serving as a leading business in the domestic production of circuit boards, pioneers in the field of sealing boards, advanced firms in the electronic assembly complex, the main production base.
In Shenzhen, China, Jiang Soo Si and Nantung, with technical support and marketing service centres in North America and research and development sites in Europe. Integration with the pcb technology is an electronic combination of ic boards and customer co-sources, which helps the deep south circuits to achieve full industrial synergy, including through programme design, manufacturing, electronic assembly, microassembly and testing.
Value chain services, which form the unique “3-in-one” business layout of the industry, provide a professional and efficient one-stop shop for clients, while deep-south circuits have long-term and stable partnerships with major customers to understand their client skills and secure their entry.
The same product, faced with different customers, also requires a supplier to provide individually the product that meets its requirements and has a longer certification period, which makes it difficult to enter the downstream supply chain.
V. In terms of governance structure: leading state enterprises with ipo equity plus equity incentives for employees, there is room for continued improvement in net profitability (i) before listing: achieving employee ownership before national teams
As a member of the national team, the deep-south circuit controller is the Chinese air industry, which holds a direct share of 37.50% of the China-China international holdings and 33.93% of the Chinese-air international holdings indirectly through the wholly-owned Shenzhen-China affiliates, and 62.52% of the Chinese-China-based international holdings. The deep-south circuits are pre-eminent in terms of policy, capital, and talent.
The company has taken the lead in achieving employee ownership in a large number of companies on the national team, bringing together a flexible system of corporate technology default and incentives. Investment, investment, and Euro-Possi investment are limited partnerships that are funded by the company’s employees.
Senior managers and core technical staff of the Department. (ii) Upon listing: the most stringent equity incentives to unblock conditions reflect development confidence.
1% of the 280 million shares of restricted shares, with a combined total of 150 senior, middle-level and core managers, including the company’s two vice-directors. By indicator, unlocking conditions cover net asset yields, profits, etc., with industry rankings to be reached at no lower than 75.
The locking conditions were successfully achieved. Figure 61: Deep South Share Incentives Interpretation of Locking Conditions requires that the three-phase unlocking conditions require that the weighted average net asset return on non-recurring gains and losses attributable to the shareholders of the listed company for the preceding fiscal year be unlocked at no less than 12.00 per cent.
Unlockable composite profit growth rate at 11.00 per cent net profit/loss/loss/loss/distribution rate attributable to shareholders of listed companies in the preceding fiscal year
For the next three years, the company ' s non-net profit targets are higher than the cost of the capital and are expected to be met successfully. The deduction of non-roe, the deduction of non-net profit targets are no less than the 75-segregated value, and the industry sample is selected according to the HDI criteria, and 22 listed companies in the electronic-component-printing circuit board industry are selected as being associated with the company ' s main business and products.
The sample, i.e., out of a total of 23 companies, the ranking should be in the top six, indicating that deep south circuits have a strong confidence in their performance. But unlocking condition four, the non-roe and non-net profit targets are not lower than the 75 percentile, which is actually very demanding for the company’s performance.
For industry, the most stringent conditions for unlocking indicate that deep south circuits have strong confidence in their performance. Figure 62: Compared with industry equity incentives for unlocking conditions
Victory in technology is an incentive to unlock conditions.
Observing the company's position as a capital pcb leader and its rapid growth through the construction of 5g and the transfer of production capacity, predicting the company's growth, figure 64: Deep South Circuit Financial Forecast Table
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.