A healthy business situation, a strong growth in the ai enablingc-end business incident (002230.sz): On 21 August, the company issued its mid-term performance report for 2025.
For the first time in the reporting period, corporate receipts and returns were broken by $10 billion, yielding business income of $10.91 billion, compared to +17.01%;
Profit of $4.389 billion, +17.12 per cent; total sales return of $10.361 billion, compared with growth
: Hutianhao_yj@chinastock.com.cn end of business growth is strong and overseas operations are doubling.
RMB, which accounts for 32.36 per cent of revenue, an increase of 23.47 per cent over the same period, with a doubling of the first half of the year ' s revenue of the Tsai Learner; and a rapid growth of 172 million yuan in the first half of the year of the enterprise ' s solution, an increase of 349.92 per cent over the same period, mainly for central enterprises, local state-owned enterprises, financial institutions and operators
In addition, smart medical businesses now charge $276 million, an increase of 21.09 per cent over the same period, reduce the risk of misdiagnosis and misuse based on large models, increase the reasonable rate of assisted diagnosis to 95 per cent, increase the accuracy of prescription clearance to 95 per cent, and cover coverage.
The number of diseases exceeds 2,000; intelligent cars earn $399 million, an increase of 13.31 per cent, and the SMS model is combined with the depth of the smart cabin, with an increase of 157 per cent in the efficiency of interactions. Overseas operations are growing rapidly, and foreign regions receive $179 million, an increase of 21,208 per cent.
Hardware products, such as translator, audio pens, dictionaries, etc., have been collected in priority countries such as China, Japan, Korea, and the United States, with a relatively deep 300 per cent growth of 346 per cent. In our view, the company is based on the base of the Big Star model, driven by the landscape.
Unanimously innovative and scaled-up applications, active deployment and significant results in areas such as education, medicine, automobiles, smart cities, especially in the form of large models of the education and health sectors, are gradually gaining a leading edge, and overseas operations will open up room for growth in the future.
The top half of the division is based on the "Flying Star Two" of the National Autonomy Autonomous Arithmetic Arithmetic Basement created in collaboration with China, further entrenching the position of the National Team of the Artificial Smart Industry, the "1+n" overall layout of the Stellar Fire Model, the "1+n" system.
It is based on a wide range of industries, such as deep education, medical, automobile, office, industrial, and intellectual hardware.
Level 3, maintaining a leading role in mathematics, translation, reasoning, text generation, maintaining high R & D input in the ai field while accelerating commercialization and empowering hundreds of people. Investment advice: companies are the leading smart voice and artificial intelligence companies in the country, running quality-building initiatives.
I, working together with China to build the base of national production autonomy and arithmetic power, as a team of arithmetic nations, a big star fire model with less than expected risk; downstream business needs with less than expected risk; and industry competition with increased risk. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been the same in the past.
The executive director of the research department of the large, well-known pe institutions has a second-tier market experience, with a long-term focus on science and technology companies. The areas covered are arithmetic, large models, and downstream applications.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness.