The Big Star model continues to be upgraded, and a multidisciplinary application of the alimentary breakthroughs, events: Science Chase launched its semi-annual report for 2025, and the company made its collection in the first half of 2025 (002230.sz)
Pang Sinxing noted that core business was growing steadily and selling back $10 billion. At the end of the income: in the first half of 2025, the company's core business was growing faster.
Leveraging the platform to generate 2,724 million yuan, an increase of 16.18 per cent over the same period; digital governments to generate 292 million yuan, an increase of 29.48 per cent over the same year; intelligent automobiles and business-ai solutions to increase by the same amount, a gain of $1,350 million over the same period last year; and net cash flows from operating activities.
In July 2025, the skylights rose by a total of 764 million yuan, representing an increase of 49.73 per cent. The Big Star model was continuously upgraded, with a significant increase in its combined capabilities.
(deepseek-r1528, penalo3) Keeps ahead of the curve in mathematics, translation, reasoning, text generation, especially in the key areas of education, health, justice, etc.
Deepening the integration of the ai with the main business and achieving key breakthroughs in multi-sector applications.
The cost of the cadai machine continues to double. 2) Wise medicine: more than 75,000 health care institutions have been covered by grass-roots mental health assistants; large models have been applied in nearly 20 leading hospitals across the country; c) Xiaoxing medicine app has been connected to the health system.
Model x 1, cumulative downloads over 24 million times and cumulatively over 140 million ai consultations.)ai Open Platform: By the first half of 2025, the Open Platform had gathered more than 8.7 million developers: The Platform 's daily average tokens was 4.3 times higher than at the beginning of the year.
Total smart body growth is 85%, and the ecological scale and activity are increasing rapidly. 4) al+ Consumer Sunda Soldier Hardware: In the first half of 2025, corporateai consumer hardware continued to run: office books, flips
The number one hundred and twenty-seven gold tower is located in Beijing's west-city district.
During the 618 boom period, the overall gmv achieved a 42 per cent rise in revenue on a year-on-year basis Profit forecasting and investment rating: companies are leading in the country in the area of artificial intelligence, adhering to core technology, the bottom of which is autonomous; and, at the same time, the Great Starfire model continues to evolve and deepen the ai-business mix.
Combining, commercialization has accelerated further, and multi-area applications have made a breakthrough. We expect a risk factor of 2025-2027: large-scale i model applications have fallen short of expectations; commercialization has advanced at a slower rate than expected; and we have \triangleright
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.