Mid-term Refunds to Shareholders, New Projects for Long-term Growth - WalluHingl (600426.sh) incident evaluation report.
On a quarterly basis, operating income of $7,992 million was realized in the quarter of 2025q2, a decline in profits of 25h1 on a year-on-year basis due mainly to price pressure, a decline in profits of 2025h1 on a year-on-year basis due to the price of the company ' s main product
The company’s main business plates include new energy-related products, chemical fertilizers, organochlorine, acetic acids, derivatives, etc.: for new energy materials, the company has a capacity of 200,000 tons of pa-6, and has an epiamide.
The production capacity is 300,000 tonnes, the adipic acid capacity is 52.66 tonnes, and the production capacity is 200,000 tonnes of isocnool; for the organamine series, the capacity is 480,000 tonnes for dmf; and for acetic acid and derivatives, the capacity is 1.5 tonnes for acetic acid.
25h1 Financial cost rates are generally stable and cash flows are lower in comparison with the period, with the company ' s sales/management/financial/research and development fees rising in the first half of 2025 mainly due to increases in sales personnel ' s salaries; the increase in research and development costs is mainly due to cost increases
Increased investment in research and development. With respect to cash flows, net cash flows from operating activities have declined by 19.84 per cent, mainly as a result of a decline in income from product sales.
In addition, in the first half of the year 2025, the company moved forward with integrated project planning and accelerated new project delivery.
Local and efficient promotion of two local projects leading to a multi-level project ladder. The Amide Optimization Project was completed, with a solid foundation for extension of the industrial chain; 200,000 tonnes/year binary acid projects, the Nmpblb and the Nmp integration projects were close.
At the end of the phase, while several reserve projects have already been set in motion to actively seek resource elements for high-quality corporate development, the current international economic environment and pattern have been profoundly adjusted, with increased “intra-roll” competition.
In the current complex and difficult circumstances, companies will further increase their technological inputs, breaking through key core technologies and building new levels of productivity, according to industry trends and market demand. At the same time, they will maintain a goal- and efficiency-oriented approach and continue to capture existing processes.
Research on devices, focusing on intensive utilization, control of submersible consumption, reduction of energy efficiency, boosts, online optimization of innovation, and consolidation of low-cost competitive advantages. Given the firm’s steady progress on new projects, performance resilience is likely to be maintained.
Risk of downstream demand fluctuations; risk of falling product prices; risk of rising raw materials prices; risk of new construction projects falling short of expectations.
Zhang Weibao: M.A. in Chemical Industries, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, 3 years of experience in research by sellers, 10 years of experience in research by buyers, good at judging industry and corporate trends through supply-demand relationships and changes in competition, and committed to recommending high-quality companies with long-term competitiveness.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.