WalluHingl (600426.sh): Short-term performance, August 25, 2025.
Wallu-Hingl. Wallu-Hingl published in the middle of 2025: the company earned $15,764 million in operating income in the first half of the year, and Wallu-Hingl is a modern, multi-occupational, multi-occupational industrial enterprise.
Youy-7.14% achieves a net return to the mother of 1,569 million yuan, or 29.47%. The company issues a semi-annual profit distribution plan to find a gold dividend of 0.25 yuan (including taxes) per share.
In the first half of the year, the company’s main product, urea, isocrine, nylon gasification, synthesizing, and “multiline” flexible multi-production platforms. Companies will accelerate structural adjustment.
6. Prices such as adipic acids, acetic acids, acetic acids, and carbonate dimethyl esters are subject to the same pressure.
An active development of downstream processing projects for synthetic gas, compared with petrochemical 33 per cent. The same increase of 6 per cent was recorded: the sales of organamine series products fell by 1 per cent on the same basis. The same decline was recorded.
The growth in product sales has not offset the decline in prices and has contributed to the growth of corporate performance as a whole. Continued progress has been made in the construction of new projects to provide new dynamic energy for company follow-on development.
Ten thousand tonnes/year binary acid projects are nearing completion: Bdo and nmp integration projects at Jingzhou base are nearing completion; at the same time, several reserve projects have been initiated for pre-programming to provide new stock/distribution units (in thousands) for company follow-on development
Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: The firm fully exploits the advantages of a “one-line” cycle of flexible multi-productivity, constantly increasing its efficiency in mitigation, while increasing the profitability of the company through successively new products in the future.
WalluHingl (600426.sh): Short-term performance pressure, new project construction is a positive boost for the East's financial and intellectual boom, Liu Woo-Chou
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Wallu Hisung Lian (600426.sh): Performance is short-term pressure, new project construction is positive, and there is no guarantee that the information and advice contained will not change. We have tried to report objective and fair, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.