The value of self-produced money has risen, the performance has risen, the value of self-produced money has risen, and the performance has grown.
A 1.3 per cent round drop, with a yield of 9.93 tons after the removal of silver and Thai gold; and a 19.9-ton out-of-pocket production, with a steady increase in the company ' s own-owned production, a 5.4 pcts decline in the combined Māori ratio and a 188 per cent increase in the income tax ring, which boosts efficiency and reduces the cost ratio by optimizing the mining method.
Measures such as \triangleright technical management and on-site management to reduce loss and depletion rates and to improve the grade of the original minerals, with the company ' s original mine having been selected for 1.29 g/t for 23 years, with an increase of 0.06 g/t, of which the mine fields are underground
Cost of selling down by 0.63 pcts, management down by 0.80 pcts, R & D down by no period of growth in gold production, steady progress in the integration of gold resources in the Jorjia and New Town, and the post-natal period, the company expects to produce 18.85 tons per year, 7.77 tons per year, and the overseas Katinona Mutini gold mine.
Silver and Thai gold, which is to be injected into the Western Ridge gold mine to create sustainable growth. Billion dollars, $6.21 billion, equivalent to 34 times, 27 times and 22 times, respectively.
In 2023, he joined the Sindash securities. He won the second place in the 20th edition of the New Wealth Metals and New Materials (core member).
Securities, mainly in the areas of new materials and precious metals. Experience, two years of industrial experience in mining companies, formerly in the New Energy Group for Eastern Wealth Securities, with deep mining understanding and rich industrial resources, coupled with long-term and cyclical stock-selection thinking, mainly in areas such as industrial metals and new energy metals.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.