The company issued an announcement on 29 May, which enabled the company to obtain a successful award from the Ministry of Natural Resources in Shandong Province.
The three mountain islands gold mining licence of Shandong Gold Mining (Lizhou) Ltd. consolidates the original mining rights of the three mountain islands gold mines and the right to prospecting in the Western Ridge gold mines into a single mining right.
The amount of gold metal in the West Ridge gold mine is assessed as 592.19 tons, taking into account that the West Ridge gold mine is the only source of capital.
Source growth, with companies (excluding silver and Thai gold) retaining 2023.49 tons of gold resources, 3. " Shandong gold company rating: rising gold prices drive performance " , mining rights are being exploited in combination, and self-generated gold production is expected to rise further.
According to the company, the right to prospecting in the Western Ridge gold mine is integrated with the existing mine rights in the Western Ridge gold mine of the company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, into the new mining rights and the unified exploitation of the profits. The company has now acquired the original mining rights in the Western Ridge gold mine and the right to prospecting in the Western Ridge gold mine.
With the completion of the consolidation of the mining licence, the next step will be for the company to actively move forward with the construction of the integrated three-san island gold mining area project, which is expected to lead to a further increase in the company ' s own gold production as the project progresses.
High-quality gold mines are expected to reduce the cost of home-grown gold production and release scope for increased performance.According to the Western Ridge gold mine prospecting rights assessment report, the average gold grade within the Western Ridge gold mine prospecting rights is 4.04g/t, higher than the company's gold resources (excluding silver and Thai gold) at the end of 2023.
Average grade 1.72 g/t. Total cost per unit of gold in the normal year of production of integrated mining rights is approximately $113.30/g, and the operating cost per unit of gold is approximately $95.91/g, which is significantly lower than the company ' s own production cost of $230/g in 2023, significantly reducing the cost of own-owning gold.
There is still room for growth in the market value of the tons of resources. According to our calculations, after the completion of the West Ridge gold mine, the company (including silver and Thai gold) is entitled to tons, based on the latest market value of $119.7 billion on May 29th.
The market value of the wealth of gold (vertically comparable) is only 62 million yuan/tonne, while the market value of the wealth of equity (horizontal comparable) is only 55 million yuan/tonne, compared to the company ' s risk of fluctuations in gold prices from 2017 to 2022; project construction is less than anticipated; and risk management is safe and environmentally friendly.
Scanning for more services. Scanning for more services. Analysis of the rates of the reports in the market.