The growth in performance was higher than expected, benefiting from a sharp rise in gold prices and a steady improvement in performance. Recently, companies published 2023 and a 24-year quarterly report.
Millions of yuan, or 86.57 per cent more than the previous year; net profit of 2,213 million won for non-repatriation, or 69.47 per cent more than the previous year. The rise in revenue was mainly due to a rise in the value of gold, which boosted performance. 5.60 per cent over the same period; net profit of $700 million for recovery, or 59.48 per cent over the same period, compared with 59.48 per cent over the same period.
2.17 per cent; mining loss rate of 4.82 per cent, a decrease of 0.36 percentage points; ore depredation rate; staged progress in the resumption of work and steady growth of 8.03 per cent in production operations; the main reasons for the increase in production include: Trisan Island Gold Mine, Western and Central Treasure Company, Gold
The production system of the continental company was gradually optimized and its production capacity upgraded; the east wind mining area of the Linglong gold mine resumed work; the total amount of gold extracted from the Belladro gold mine increased and the number of difficult smelting ore was reduced; and the maximum/minimum price was acquired within 52 weeks.
Silver and Thai gold production increased. In 2023, Western and Central Bo, Goldbone, Sansan Island gold and minerals increased by 15.54%, 10.73%, 5.74%, respectively; Belladrokin Shandong Gold Group Ltd.
Mines overcome various disadvantages, with gold production increasing by 6.37% over the year. According to the business plan, in 2024, the company established a gold production plan of no less than 47 tons, with the highest mining output in the country. In 2023, the company produced the same amount of mineral gold as the domestic mine.
With more than 10 mines, 35.34 tons of gold are produced in the country, an increase of 8.37 per cent over the same period, the largest listed company in China producing the highest amount of mineral gold, and it continues to be a leader in the domestic gold industry.
In January 2024, the Smoking City authorities approved the resumption of capital production in the Linglong mining area. By the end of March, the Linglong mining area was actively promoting the restructuring and construction of the production system, with a view to obtaining a new safe production permit and returning to work as soon as possible.
Actively advancing exploration for increased reserves of domestic gold resources over 1,000 tons The company completed 480,000 metres of prospecting work throughout the year, invested $570 million in prospecting, explored 36.6 tons of new gold and metals, and the results of prospecting were significant, further prolonging the mine service year
By the end of 2023, the company had the amount of mineral gold, obtained a three-san island gold mining license and took the first step towards consolidating the right to prospecting in the Western Ridge.
The mining licence for the three mountain islands gold mine (Li) Ltd. integrates the original mining rights of the three mountain islands gold mine and the prospecting rights of the Western Ridge gold mine into a single mining right. Next, the company will actively pursue work related to the construction of a project for the integrated three mountain islands gold mine.
On a day when Iranian national television confirmed that the president and foreign minister had died in a plane crash and that gold prices had been pushed up by flight. The pace of economic growth in the United States was slowing down, and the US Department of Commerce announced a 30-day amendment.
The data show that the United States gdp grew by 1.3% per year in the first quarter of this year, down 0.3 percentage points from the first estimate. However, higher-than-expected inflation data since this year have depressed the market against the Fed.
According to the Cme Federal Reserve observation tool, the market now expects the Fed to reduce interest rates only once this year, and the first drop has been postponed from March to November.
The slowdown in economic growth, coupled with high-risk events abroad, has led to an increase in the value of gold allocation, less than expected macroeconomics, less than expected policies, more than expected geopolitical risks, etc. The data used in the present report are derived from what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity, objectivity, etc.
EQUALITY, THE REPORT'S CONCLUSION WITH OTHER SECRETARIATS AND PERSONS OF THE COMPANIES, SECRETARIAT ISSUERS, Listed Companies, Foundations, Securities Asset Management Corporations, Selected Clients