China Stone (600176.sh) q3 has a bright performance and is expected to continue to outperform expectations throughout the year.
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average, strong and strong sales. q1-q3 has a good sale of fibres and products. From a single quarter, q3 has earned 2,362 million yuan (+30.99 per cent) and a net profit of 547 million yuan, a year-on-year increase.
41.48 per cent (30.6 per cent for q1 and 33.3 per cent for q2), representing an accelerated upscaling process; in the last three quarters, the overseas sales of the Division ' s products have gained momentum and currently reach 200,000 tons of Egyptian production capacity (of which Egypt set fire on 15 September in three instalments of 40,000 tons), with further growth expected in four quarters and continued performance.
At the same time, the return on corporate investment during the reporting period reached $45.44 million, which represents a positive gain compared to last year, and we believe that it was mainly due to the growth in re-equity among participating companies, and that as wind q3 performance continued to outpace expectations, the year was high.
During the reporting period, the combined Māori rate for corporate products was 2. The advance to the Indian market, and the internationalization process progressed steadily - in the medium term.
Two percentage points down, and we believe that the main reason for the decline in the Māori rate is the environmental impact, which is caused by the rise in the cost of materials in China, as the leader stands firm and maintains high performance.
In the light of the ILEC Review, an additional 60,000 tons of productive capacity will be added, while Xujiang 2 (120,000), will be operational by the end of the year, with 350,000 tons of total productive capacity at Jiangxi base and further improvements in production efficiency with new production lines and cold-renovation technologies.
4. The Probity Industry is a strong industry and one quarter is ahead of expectations - it is expected that the Māori ratio of products will remain high next year, cost control capacity continues to grow and debt structure optimizes.
5. “In-depth study of low valuation poles, leaders of the bovine industry - China Stone Company”, 2017.4.21 points, in which administrative and financial costs were reduced by 1 percentage point, companies strengthened their fine management,
At the end of the third quarter, the corporate asset liability rate was 51.39 per cent, a decrease of 3.25 percentage points from the same period, and the debt structure was further optimized.
In the meantime, the company plans to build 300,000 tons of smart manufacturing production lines over the next five years to serve as an upgrade and reserve for the next stage of technology and equipment, which may lead to technological innovation throughout the industry.
(8621) 60230241 Wong Joon-wook will benefit fully from the industry climate zone as the turbo demand returns and the company capacity is released.
• Downwards in the fibre-optic industry, output concentration releasing falling prices and low downstream demand
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years as compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.