The performance of the company q3 continues to rise, with industry maintaining a high-growth cycle and “buy-in” investment maintained.
Both income and profits have been growing rapidly and cost controls have been effective: the global fibreglass industry as a whole has maintained a high profile since the beginning of 2017 and corporate product collections and net profits have been growing faster during the reporting period, mainly due to (1) the smoothness of the process of optimizing the company ' s output structure during the reporting period
The sales of high-end products (wind, thermal, etc.) increased further (by over 50 per cent), and the combined Māori rate rose by 45.3 per cent over the same period (after rising prices of raw materials due to environmental pressures in the second half of the year, the q3 Māori ring decreased by 1 percentage point compared to q2) (2)
Corporate cost-side controls were effective during the reporting period, with three rates falling by 2 percentage points to 16.5 per cent (to the lowest level in history) as a whole. (3) Companies recorded investment returns of $45 million during the reporting period, with negative shifts and higher profits.
The process of optimizing the structure of the company’s products has accelerated, driving intelligent manufacturing: at the end of the period, the company’s output and sales have been growing in double digits, with a total capacity of more than 1.35 million tons. The expansion of the 600,000 tons of flask-based millet line produced by the village of Shun has been well under way during the reporting period, with a huge 40,000 tons of product produced annually.
China's Great Stones-upper index: Ishig Egypt's high-performance fibre-glass-crystal production line (phase III) was set on fire on September 15th. (Today, Ishigami has a total capacity of 200,000 tons) and further upgrades the production capacity and the city of the Great Stone Egypt.
At the same time, companies are actively promoting smart manufacturing processes, and at the end of September, 150,000 tons of smart manufacturing fibre lines were being built (the master plan is to create 300,000 tons of new capacity) at the base of the village.
In five years, there is a clear advantage in the size of the company's intelligent manufacturing process and production capacity, the industry, the profits forecast: we judge that the industry is still operating in a high-spill cycle, that the company is expected to be undervalued at 17 or before, and that the company is expected to invest in a merger of the major shareholders' building materials group with the Chinese fuel group.
Production integration benefits, and we maintain the “buy-in” rating.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not made by individual clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.