Wallu Hingl (600,426.sh) is a sign that the coal-chemicals are back on board for 21 years.
As macroeconomic recovery improves downstream demand, product prices are expected to continue to move upwards, with a 20-year super-low base period and 21-year-q1 performance expected to rebound significantly. As a coal-industrial pole company, the cost advantage is clear, and construction and planning projects will continue to release additional capacity, contribute to new performance growth points, and watch the company grow.
The “buy-in” rating has been maintained. The price of major commodities has fallen in 20 years, leading to a similar decline in performance: 20 years of global contagion, foreign trade, weak downstream demand, and a sharp drop in crude oil, partly linked to petrochemicals.
The price of higher products has fallen sharply, with the company ' s main product, urea, adipic acid, acetic acid, methanol, octanol and ethanol falling by 8.43 per cent, 15.7 per cent, 8.99 per cent, 14.68 per cent, respectively, and the price of the product rebounded at a time when the price of the chemical had risen significantly since 20 years q4.
The company ' s performance has been repaired; the price of q1 chemicals has continued to rise in 21 years, with prices for the company ' s main products urea, dmf, adipic acid, acetic acid, methanol, octanol and ethanol increasing by 17.68 per cent, respectively, over the same 20-year period.
The opportunity to stop production and exit the market, expand inversely, increasing domestic market ownership to over 33%, and maintain industry leadership. Moreover, companies are domestic coal-industrial poles, with cost advantages, and flexible co-production is highly resistant to market risks, depending on the firm’s profitability.
In addition, in a carbon neutral and large-scale context, coal-chemicals partially drop out of productive capacity, while the company, as a coal-chemical leader, obtains an “energy-efficient leader” for many products.
The company invested $11.5 billion ahead of schedule, the second base in Lake North, expanding the area of gasification of corporate niches, and contributing to medium- and long-term development. Profit forecasting: considering that the price of the main products is higher than expected, we have improved the forecast of profits.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and is based on the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... is not a personal client. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.