The company plans to build a park gas power platform and a synthetic gas integrated utilization project to maintain a “buy-in” rating.
According to the company’s announcement, the company plans to build a gas platform for the park in Hubeizhou to supply the base with synthetic gas and steam, and to build a synthetic gas integrated use project to use synthetic gas as a feedstock for the production of a number of products using advanced synthetic technology. The two projects are expected to invest a total of 11,528 million yuan for a 36-month construction period.
With the completion of the integrated gas use project, it is expected to yield a total profit of $626 million. We maintain our expectation that the company will replicate its previous cost advantages at the Qingzhou base, with a significant increase in its future performance, with a proposed investment of $11,528 million in the first phase of the Quantico Hubei State base, which is expected to last 36 months.
The company formed the Wallu Hisung-jung Company Ltd. to build a second base in Jingzhou for the capital, with a 70% share in the company and a 20% and a 10% share in the related parties Wallu Group Limited and Wallu Investment Development Ltd. Of this amount, $5.924 billion is to be invested in the project, which is expected to be built during the construction period.
36 months, including the construction of 4 gas incinerators and accessories (three open one) with 2 empty sub-devices, 3 high-temperature coal powder boilers and utility engineering facilities; and the proposed investment of 2021-015604 million yuan in the integrated gas utilization project, including the construction of 1 million tonnes/year urea, 1 million tonnes/year acetic acid, 150,000 tonnes/year ammonium and
The company’s position as a leader in the acetic acid and dmf industries would be further consolidated if future projects were to be located. • If the two projects were successfully completed, the company’s performance would be expected to increase significantly in the future
The Campus Gas Platform project mainly supplies synthetic gas for the base follow-up project and steam for the entire campus.
All synthetic gas and steam outlet, resulting in sales revenue of $5.2 billion a year, with a total annual average profit of $700 million.
The company update report - q3 repairs to Māori $626 million. If the two projects are successfully completed and the company has excellent cost-control capabilities, the company’s performance is expected to increase significantly in the future.
Corporate Information Update - Low performance is past, looking back at the recovery of demand in the second half of the year.