The Centre for Resource and Environmental Research has steadily developed its current operations, with the second base breaking development bottlenecks, stable production of products and an upscaling of the performance ring.
The volume recovery, which was affected by inadequate supply, was accompanied by a significant increase in the price of dmf in the fourth quarter, and the company, as the largest producer in the industry, fully benefited from the increased profitability of its products, which, after considering adjustments in transport costs, reached over 42 per cent of the company ' s Māori rate for organamine products in 2020.
With the gradual recovery of Jean, the gradual improvement of downstream demand, the gradual recovery of product prices, and the company's four-quarter start-up, after three seasons.
High volumes help companies to continue to optimize the cost of their products and to adjust their production flexibly. 2. Renovate short-term effects on the start-up of products, long-term distribution of companies Maintenance of higher levels of profitability of traditional products, less profitability of polyols, and companies are expected to move through industry
The chain expands the product structure and enhances profitability. As a result of lower crude oil prices, oil-based ethanol 3.
Cost is higher, industry is generally losing, and many firms start to work at low capacity or stop production. After a lot of pressure on low-price coal-chemicals, cost advantage base year cost optimization has gained the cost advantage of leading coal products, but it is still subject to a larger industry.
In the traditional business sector, companies still maintain good profitable water, and in the context of low oil prices, the core value of companies is deep in terms of their ability to expand the industrial chain of ethanol through the production of products such as herbic acid.
The second base has broken down long-term development constraints, and the top product has gained relatively stable profit margins. The second base has landed north of the lake, where the top business of the top company is in the field of gasification, producing urea, organamine, and so on.
And acetic acid products. These three products have been deployed for many years, with accumulated operations and advantages in the areas of production technology, marketing, etc., and after many years of industrial optimization, the profitability of the three products has increased, and the company is expected to fully enjoy the company's cost advantages in gasification through the configuration of its superior products.
Chenyi3@gjzq.com.cn provides a relatively stable profit margin for companies that are more resilient to the risks of cyclical fluctuations and break through the layout of the new base to remove long-term development bottlenecks,
The construction of the second base has not progressed as expected; the impact of policy changes; and the risk of significant fluctuations in raw materials and products.