Wallu-Hingl (600426), Core competitiveness, Wallu-Hingl, Wallu-Hingl published performance for 2020: the company achieved business income of $13,311.5 billion, yoy-75.8 per cent, year-round, year-round, year-round, year-end, year-end, year-end, year-end, year-end, year-end, year-end, year-end, year-end, year-end, year-end, year-end, year-end, year-end, year-end, year-end, year-end.
The price of urea, acetic acid, adipic acid, melamine, octanol, ethanol, etc., has fallen by the same time, leading modern industrial enterprises whose main products are fertilizers and polymerics.
In the fourth quarter of the year, the company achieved a net profit of 508 million yuan.
The impact of price increases in a number of industries, such as soft multi-lined multi-products, and in technology, such as coal, has led to a decline in the Māori rate, with slightly less than expected performance.
The Bureau, which promotes the upgrading of traditional productive capacities and the active development of synthetics, maintains the core competitiveness of companies and looks forward to their long-term development.
There has been no significant change in control capacity, with companies integrating and building new high-end material plates with the lowest-cost gasification platform in their industries. By 2020, they had weathered extremes, and the company remained more profitable under low oil prices.
The company is now entering a new growth cycle, with several projects under way in the previous period, the start-up of a new county base, and the continued growth of the company’s profitability and profitability. The Texas base project is well planned.
The project on ammonium and nylon (300,000 tonnes/year) reached 60% in advance by the end of 2020. In the future, the company is also stockpiling new energy sources, degradation plastics, etc., and extending the industrial chain.
The second site was laid down to expand the space for companies to develop further. The company’s advance announcement announced the launch of an investment in a modern coal industry base in the state, with the first investment of 11,528 million yuan in a project to build a gas-powered platform in the park.
The total profit for the postnatal year is expected to be more than $1.3 billion. The position of the county is strong, the coal and water resources are well secured and the new installations are more automated on a larger scale, and we expect that the production costs of the county base will be more favourable than those of the Texas base.
Long- and medium-term development is important, opening up the space for corporate growth.
Schedule: Corporate Profit Forecast Tables The Source of Eastern Finance and Surgery, Liu Woo-Chor
Seven years of research experience in the chemical industry, which has been in the Research Department of China-King Corporation.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related.
Walluheung Litt (600426): Core competitiveness continues, looking at long-term growth space, and does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.