Material material, local high-end, off-site, start-up of investment at Xingzhou base Events: company announcement to be based on the holding subsidiary, Warluhingung Co. Ltd.
The main investors invested in the construction of the gas-powered platform project and the integrated gas use project in the Hubei River River Economic Development Area (coal-electricization industrial park).1 The first projects of the Jianzhou base have surfaced and the industrial layout has emerged.
According to the announcement, the first two projects to be invested in the construction of this county base included the Campus Gas Motivation Platform project and the Synthetic Gas Integrated Use project: (1) the investment of $5,924 million in the Gardens Gas Motivation Platform project, which will build four gas furnaces and accessories (3 open 1); and
Two empty sub-units, three high-temperature coal-powder boilers and utility engineering facilities are expected to last 36 months.
Revenue from sales is $5.2 billion, with an average annual profit of $700 million. According to product planning, the project ' s synthetic gas and total equity/flow (million shares) is used mostly for base follow-up projects, and the economic benefits will be reflected in the final product (2).
Total market value/flow (million yuan) Investment of $5.604 billion in integrated synthetic gas use project to build 1 million tonnes/year urea production packs up to 12 months/minimum in yuan
1 million tonnes/year acetic acid production unit, 150,000 tonnes/year amethamine and 150,000 tonnes/year dmf production Walluheungl (60426) [Pan Pacific Chemical] Wallu Billion with a total profit of 626 million yuan.
• To replicate the Texas base model, starting with products with cost advantages from gasification platforms
-20/12/12/14 Coalification, based on coal, benzene and acetylene, based on clean gasification nuclear
Heart technology, the creation of a "one-lined" co-generation system to diversify the flexible nature of the product, and a 20-year-long three-quarter review: installation and repair of three production loads, urea, acetic acid, dmf, ethanol, etc., which are directly related to gasification platforms
Quarterly performance, four quarters is expected to speed up repairs with a significant cost advantage, leaving the company with no fear of cyclical fluctuations, and with a strong resilience at the bottom. From the first state base projects, the company's industry is well-placed, and it is proposed that the gasification platform be given first.
The first step is to replicate the Texas base model, which was launched by Wallu Hisung Lt. (600426), the dominant product of Wallau Ben.
On the investment side, the first two projects combined investment of 11,528 million yuan, which is more than previously with the city of Qingzhou.
The total investment in the first phase of the government’s project is not less than the RMB 10 billion agreement, and the size of the second and follow-up investment will be determined separately. The company’s local development plans in Texas have been subject to a variety of local coal indicators, among other things.
This time, the municipal governments of Jiang and Jingzhou have provided strong support and security in the use of coal, energy consumption, urea production, environmental capacity, land use, water use, electricity, etc.
Construction is expected to start in the second half of 2021, to be completed by the end of 2024, and will be important for companies to build new bases, build capacity, enhance performance, and develop in the medium to long term.
Three. Texas base projects are high-end, open to growth, and the company's 1.5 million tons of new green chemical materials, with a total investment of $13 billion, is selected for the first selection of a major new and old dynamic energy conversion project bank in Shandong Province.
The two sub-projects of the Project (160,000 tonnes/year) and the Hneonamide and nylon New Materials (300,000 tonnes/year) began construction in February 2020 and are expected to be completed around spring 2021 and mid-2021, respectively, with the gradual implementation of the strategic layout of “local high-end, off-site for new articles”.
In the medium and long term, new projects such as adipic acids and vinyl ammonium are proceeding in an orderly manner, the construction of a modern coal-chemical base in Jianzhou has been initiated, and there is much room for growth in the future, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Profit projections and financial indicators: Local high-end, off-site, state base start-up investment
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.