The year-round performance fell slightly, with 20q4 showing a sharp overall price of the company's main product.
The decline is the main reason for the slight decline in income, with the rise in raw materials such as coal, which has led to a favourable production of forests, which has returned to the market of some chemical products over the past six months as the domestic epidemic has been brought under effective control.
Increased prices for the main products of the company 20q4 are evident, urea/dmf/dmf/nephine/acetic acid/powderol are benefiting from a return in oil prices, economic recovery, and product booms are expected to contribute to 21 years of performance, based on the 2020 oil price base, the 2021 oil price hub, and the epidemic.
In the judgement of improved demand in the controlled sector, we believe that the company’s performance will be significantly restored in 2020, as confirmed at the bottom of the company’s performance, and in 2021. In particular, since the quarter, the company’s main product prices have risen significantly, with the prices of urea/dmf/hexadiate/acetic acid/ethanol rising in proportion to the prices of each other.
The Texas + Tianzhou base has expanded its capacity to open up new growth spaces for companies at the Texas base, and the Department has invested $13 billion in a new 1.5 billion green chemical materials project to select new and old initiatives in Shandong Province that can transform the first selection of a major project bank.
Ten thousand tonnes/year were completed in February 2021, and the new nylon (300,000 tonnes/year) project is expected to be completed by December 2021, with further strengthening of the capacity and profitability of the Texas base. At the Jianzhou base, 1 million tonnes/year of urea, 1 million tonnes/year of acetic acid,
The Jianzhou project will further increase corporate profits and open up new opportunities for growth.
The Institute, which is mainly concerned with the textile and garment industry and the chemical industry, is committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. No part of my remuneration has been, is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.