The 23-year growth in the company ' s revenue was largely due to favourable market conditions and the relative income of the company.
In addition, the company’s real-estate business increased its sales and project carry-over led to higher revenues; the 23-year corporate net profit reduction was mainly $2 billion in 2022 from land transfer, which led to a quick recovery of airport operations in 2022 as a result of the recovery of public passenger flows.
At 109% of the year, the number of landings and landings was 17,2039/recovering 111% in 2019, including the San Phoenix aircraft Liu Wenzheng/recovering 109% in 2019.
Inflows reached RMB 2,045 million/yoy+96 per cent, an increase of 14 per cent over 2019, resulting in an increase in income and a positive effect on the size of the company, the landing of the French Gardens project, and the expansion of the tax-free area, which is expected to benefit from the development dividend of the Free Trade Port.
The company's tax-exempt and business operations generated an operating income of $268 million, of which Sea Island businesses made investment gains of $67 million through their participation in the Seaport Melane Airport tax-exempt shop. In addition, the three Phoenix Airport two-phase French Gardens project was officially opened in September 2023, resulting in tax-exempt shops.
The size of the camp has increased to approximately 6,000 square metres. In 2023, tax-exempt related revenues were raised at San Phoenix International Airport in the amount of $225 million, of which 159 million was provided for the concession of the premises, and the duty-free lift site. 1. Hainan Airport (600515.sh) reported in the second half of 2023
In 2023, the company’s real estate industry achieved business income of $3.05 billion/yoy+45%. The company accelerated the de-introduction of the stock property project and concentrated its efforts.
The first coverage report for Hainan Airport (600515.sh) involved the development of projects such as the Hainan Centre of the Great Britain Mountain Area in Haiguchi City, and the Hao Din Nam Peng III, the F07 Block Project in Haiguchi, the “Super Operator” project for aeronautical special cargo and the Aeronautical Science and Technology Research and Development Base project.
The company is actively involved in the development of the East New Zone of Haiguchi, fostering new business in the air-dry industry, and is planning to promote the landing of the Hainan Customs Aviation Logistics and Processing Industry Demonstration Base project, which will cover approximately 276 acres in the first phase of the project, and will build super-oem operators of air-patterns, aerotech research and development base, aeronautical logistics public service centre and anaerom
High-end manufacturing of four industrial projects. \triangleright Investment proposal: Deep involvement of companies in the construction of Hainan Free Trade Port, airport management, tax-free commerce, property
A number of operations, such as management, benefit from a trade-off policy dividend, and the company’s medium- and long-term development prospects are promising. We anticipate a fall in \triangleright, changes in tax-exempt policies from the island, etc.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.