In 2023, the net profit was slightly better than the forecast ceiling and more than the profit. In 2023, the company made the camp.
In 2023, the airport recovered strongly, and the carry-over revenue from the real estate project increased significantly, undisturbed by the base. In 2023, the company’s airport operations recovered strongly, resulting in an equivalent increase of 129 per cent in passenger flow at the core San Phoenix airport, up 8 per cent from 2019;
Gold revenues of $99 million/+9 per cent (Hyanan gradual recovery of tax-free, but company withholding of rents from China-Japan Moon Square); US$ 67 million/+49 per cent return from investment in duty-free stores at US-Air Airport, mainly due to the return of passengers from airports; $225 million rent from Sanya airport and $15 million return from investment in the corresponding duty-free shops, estimated to be
In 2023, about $7.2 billion was sold off the line in five off-island duty-free shops where companies took part in or provided rental property, accounting for about 16% of the tax-free sales in 12 duty-free shops in Hainan Island. Airport traffic grew steadily this first quarter, and airports expanded.
The landing and landing missions were between the same and 8.11 per cent (expected to be associated with a reduction in the third phase of the expansion of Sanya Airport), but passenger and cargo throughput continued to grow by 2.96 per cent and 2.95 per cent, as compared to the previous year, with a steady increase.
The third phase of the expansion of the San Phoenix airport is expected to be completed by the end of 2025, with a 30 per cent increase in passenger capacity to 30 million passengers, and the third phase of Sanya airport will not exclude commercial space in the future.
And, along with the gradual release of the increased capacity of the company’s airport, the airport’s passenger flow is expected to continue to grow, leading to tax-exempt gains. Hainan Airport (600515.sh) – home business recovery for the first half of the year.
In addition, Henan is moving ahead in an orderly manner with the pre-construction of the seals, with internationally recognized brands and the world's Henan Airport (600515.sh) and the focus of 2022, where the creation of a free-trade card-grade recreational resort is expected to further enhance its global status. The company owns a key opportunity at Henan's free-trade port.
The middle line is expected to benefit directly from the core advantages of Hainan Airport (600515.sh) - Restructured Focus “Airports + Tax Exemptions”, Key Card Positions, and the Commercial Resources of the Tax-Exempted Stations of the Ocean Square at Seagate.
2022-11-0: Investment proposals: Integrated Hainan ' s overall gradual recovery of duty-free (taking into account the fact that the tax-free shop in the Moon Square is more clearly divided by the new seaport), taking into account the pace of property decolonization, as per ps 2024-2026
As a central beneficiary of the construction of the Hainan Freeport, with the closing pace approaching towards the end of 2025, the company’s mid-point of rare cards, such as its airports and cities in Hainan, is expected to enjoy a certain certainty premium.
Figure 2: Hainan airport q4 revenue, net return profits and net deduction of non-net profits. Figure 1: Hainan airport annual revenue, net return profits and rate of deduction of non-net profits
Figure 4: Changes in duty-free sales off Hainan Island Schedules: Profit Forecasts and Valuations for Priority Companies Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author