Haenan Airport (600515.sh) reported a 23-year review of the airport's full recovery, the expansion of the Phoenix Airport's tax-free shop, the significant reversal of the surplus by the non-returning mothers, the resumption of airport operations, and a high number of indicators of innovation: 2,045 million yuan in 23 years of airport management.
Practice number: s50052211002 with a repeat of 111 per cent-109 per cent-102 per cent: four airfield brigades, namely, San Phoenix Airport and Joan Hae-Bok Airport, with an all-time high of 135,000 aircraft landings and landings at San Phoenix Airport.
/+82.2 per cent, tourist throughput of 2.178 million/+129 per cent, and mail through of 95,000 tons/+49.7 per cent, but Hainan remains attractive as a tourist destination, giving a strong boost to the ability of companies to collect and make profits.
(a) Business income of $268 million/-0.6 per cent (financial caliber impact is showing an increase in speed), of which, by the end of the month, Zhang Hongbin Social Services Industry Research Assistant and Naval Free City rental revenue of $99 million/+9 per cent;
The tax-exempt point rental income of 66 million yuan/+5 per cent is accounted for in the airport management income; 3) tax-exempt investment earnings from participating shares are 82 million yuan/+58 per cent, of which the tax-exempt offices at Haiguchi/Tiiia airport are 0.67 per cent and the net interest rate at the two airports is 4.8 per cent/2.6 per cent, respectively.
In addition, the company has been active in the development of a new business in the off-the-shelf industry, covering about 276 acres in the first phase of the project.
(c) Funds such as public enterprises, residential commercial writing buildings and other high-quality, large-scale projects have been quickly returned, with property management receiving $694 million/-2.6 per cent and management projects growing by more than 1 million m2 during the year. 3) Other operations have received $750 million/+25 per cent, mainly for hotel operations and Tian Yu's training.
Of these, five hotels with their own businesses and delegated management averaged 60.27 per cent.) With the quick resumption of airport operations and the settlement of debts, profitability is back on track. 1) 23 years of company realization of Sinda Securities Inc.
Itd House No. 1 West Side Street, Beijing City, where the owner of the 22-year land concession and related expenses was paid back $2 billion, not the mother's net profit.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: As important players in the construction of Hainan Free Trade Port, we expect to benefit from the policy and development dividends, and look at the long-term growth of airports and tax-free operations. We take note of the company's short collection rate of 33/29/25x per day. We take Shanghai Airport, White Cloud Airport, Shenzhen.
The airport, as a comparable company, had a 26-fold average of the comparable company Pe in 2024, and adjusted the investment rating as a risk factor: less than expected passenger flow, less than expected expansion of output, less than expected sales of duty-free shops, policy team, General Manager of the Center for Modern Services Studies in 2021.
Deputy General Manager. 2nd in 2021 in new wealth zero and social clothing, 1st in crystal ball uniform/retail, 1st in Xinwa, joined the Employing Securities Social Services Group after graduate school in July 2022, joined the new Sinda Consumers Group in November 2022, covering mainly cosmetics, medical beauty, and social services.
Ishige, Master of Finance, University of Southampton, Bachelor of Engineering, University of the United States of America, cfa class III, served as the Southwest Portfolio and the New Sinda Consumers Group, covering mainly gold jewels, and the development of diamond plates.
Li Bong Jing, Master of Science in Champagne, University of Illinois, B.A. in Economics, University of Finance and Economics, Southwest, November 2022, joined the New Sindha Consumers Group, covering mainly cosmetics and medical beauty. Zhang Honghamin, Master of Finance, University of Gangdan, Bachelor of Arts in Economics, University of Gangan, joined the New Sindha Consumers Group in July 2023
The Sunda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has granted. This report is produced and published by the Sunda Securities.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.