One billion latitudes of lithium (300014.sz) and a group of cars operating upwards, storing energy and consuming batteries.
The company is a platform-based lithium-leading company. The company has developed for more than 23 years now, starting with a cost-free battery, to move into power, energy and battery storage. In 23 years, the company’s power/storage/discharge industry has experienced an increase of nearly 30 per cent in demand, maintaining a high demand, adding up to the bottom of the stock cycle.
Industry expansion has slowed, policy has led to a clean-up of the supply side, and the sector’s crop rate is expected to rise. According to the battery clock, we propose to focus on the upward trend in capacity utilization, which is higher for each and every one of them than for the other.
The output of storage batteries has increased and the concentration of the beneficiary industries has increased. For 23 years and 1024 years of storage, there will be an increased focus on economics, a significant impact on product life, and the industry is expected to move from low prices to competition for quality, with orders expected to be concentrated on the head of the enterprise in the medium term.
Industry stocks tend to be healthy, energy cores are stored, system prices are stable. The company’s customer packages include a number of domestic and foreign head grid companies, integrated agents, and the introduction of products such as lf560k, mr, etc., to maintain a leading role in system energy efficiency (95%), recycling lifetime (2000 times).
The trend towards concentration in beneficiary industries is expected to increase profits by increasing overseas and system access. Electric tool cycles go up, small-cylinder battery revenues are restored. The electric tool industry has continued to experience high demand, and the company is the domestic leader of small-cylinder power, through higher value for money.
It is expected that the share of overseas enterprises, such as Samsung, will continue to be replaced by a 24-year revenue release that will drive crop and Maori recovery. The company has small cylinders in Malaysian factories, power tanks, coping with anti-globalization trends, reducing trade and tariff shocks in the United States, etc.
The share of power is moving steadily, and new technologies are on-going. The full market for company power cells from January to April of 24 years rose from 2.3% to the eighth, with a marked increase in the share of commercial vehicles. The main customer validation for the public sector ' s 46 series of triple batteries is expected to be completed in 24 years.
As a result, the quantity of loaded vehicles produced by the Director An Xin Xin, Jiang Huai Rue rf8, wait for the customer's needs to be released.
Global leaders, strong R & D, well-developed industrial chain layouts give companies less than expected downstream demand: deteriorating trade policy; falling product prices; less demand for large cylinder batteries: substantial shifts in construction in value: large shareholder pledge risk, etc.
I. Optimize the supply and demand of mobile storage batteries, move the consumer batteries up to 1.123 years of development, and lead the lithium battery industry.
The company is the leading battery company in the world and has grown for more than 23 years. The company’s main power cell, storage battery, consumer battery, 1) power cell: the main product is a square phosphate lithium battery, a soft-packed trio battery, a square trio battery, a 46 series of large cylindrical batteries, modules, bms and battery systems: applications include new energy utility vehicles, commercial vehicles, engineering moves.
2) Storage cells: the main products include big lithium batteries, square lithium batteries, cylinder lithium batteries, products and solutions from cores, batteries, systems to bms: applications include electrical storage, business storage, household use
Storage, communication storage, data centre power, ship power, etc.) Consumer batteries: including lithium primary batteries, small lithium ion batteries, cylinder batteries, we measure 23 years of income of about 23, 21 and 4 billion, respectively. Overall, the company’s consumption batteries downstream are mainly electrical, gardening, electronic.
Fogizers, tws headphones, smart meters, etc. 1 Lithium primary battery: main products include lithium-subthionyl chloride batteries, lithium-manganese oxide batteries, battery capacitors (spc), composite poweres, etc.: applications include various smart meters, auto electrons, smart security, intelligence
Networking applications such as medical, positioning tracking, resource monitoring, etc..2 Lithium ion batteries are small: the main products include small soft-bag batteries, bean batteries; applications include electronic fogifiers, wearing equipment, mobile power sources, real wireless blue earphones (tws), etc.
3 cylinder batteries: the main product consists of 18650 and 21,700 cylinder trio batteries, 33140 and 40135 cylinders of lithium phosphate batteries and battery bags: applications include electric tools, gardening tools, electric two-wheeler vehicles, cleaning facilities, portable storage, smart homes, etc.
The company’s income and profits have increased in recent years. With the rising demand for new downstream energy vehicles, storage energy, etc., the company’s income rate has increased in relative terms, the power of storage cells and the share of battery operations. The demand for consumer batteries has increased in the second half of the year, and the large release of public storage batteries has had a scale effect, with the company’s Māori ratio of 17.0 per cent in 23 years, the same year as +0.6 ptt. 1q24 gross.
Corporate rates continue to decrease with the effect of scale. As the company continues to grow, the company’s sales rates, management rates, Figure 3: The company’s net profits have increased in recent years. Figure 4: The company’s rates have declined in recent years.
Billion dollars. Currently, the company ' s debt-transferable projects are still in the approval process, raising $5 billion for the 23gwhh cylinders of lfp batteries and 21gwh cylinders of power cells. 1.2 Mobile battery storage: policy guidance supply side cleans up and industrial crop rates improve.
In our judgement, the battery plate has a clear investment clock, the core driver of which is capacity utilization, i.e., the reduction in capacity utilization - the purchase of new technology targets, the impact of capacity utilization - the purchase of low-cost taps, the increase in capacity utilization - the purchase of two or three lines of enterprises. At this point, we recommend that attention be paid to the trend towards an increase in capacity utilization.
Figure 8: Battery Investment Clock Theory (2023)
The remaining capacity, when the plate is a bear market, and the new technology is generally doing better, is: the industry is making a profit, and the second-line company is making a profit, and the second-line company is doing it because it's using it: the unit is making a good profit, the front-line company with a cost advantage is turning around, the non-frontier company.
Increases, and shares are even more elastic than the poles. The selection price has a strong week of elasticity because of both capacity utilization and price factors, and is in a position to balance gains and losses or losses. At this stage, the period, the two- or three-line mark with the fastest increase in the marginal use of secondary capacity.
Low-cost vans will be valued as independent, with double-clicking at the bottom. On the demand side: domestic sales of new energy vehicles will remain strong and demand for storage batteries will increase. 1) Power: 1 domestic: 23 years of domestic retail sales of about 7.74 million new energy vehicles, compared to 37% in comparison.
Retail sales from January to May of 24 years amounted to about 3.26 million vehicles, or +34.4 per cent, while domestic sales of new energy vehicles remained strong;2 Europe: according to Marklines, Europe ' s sales of new energy vehicles in 23 years were about 2.95 million vehicles, or +17 per cent, and other parts of the globe in January to April of 24 years were about 700,000 vehicles ... and +61 per cent.
We expect that the domestic market will remain the core driving force behind the growth of the tram in 24-25 years, and that the growth rate abroad will slow and be stable; that, since the second half of 25 years, Tesla, the general public, Fortelle, and other vehicles, such as Biadi, have accelerated their electric motorization, combined with the domestic industry, and that they will be able to build and land their capacity to support the growth of global tram sales. We expect global power growth in 24-26 years.
The demand for batteries is 1094, 1352, 1618gwh, corresponding to +26.5 per cent, +23.5 per cent, +19.7 per cent) and storage capacity: the cost of storage decreased and the storage of large banks and businesses increased with certainty. The fall in foreign gas prices in 2023 and the increase in loan interest rates have had a number of negative effects on marginal demand, but storage capacity continues to grow at a high rate from the point of view of the installation of machines.
Storage batteries are under stock pressure and are expected to increase at a slower rate than downstream. According to infolink, the global overall storage capacity has grown at the same scale as the global storage capacity, but at the end of the pipeline is under stock pressure.
Power is entering the adjustment period, 23 years of storage battery output is less than growth in the downstream loader, and is expected to continue for 24 years. We anticipate that 24-26 years of global power + storage battery output is expected to be 1360, 1723, 2139gwh, 28%, production end, and battery production has increased significantly since March 24th. According to China ' s Automotive Battery Industry Innovation Alliance, 24 years
1/2/3/4/May domestic power + other batteries (essentially storage cells) were produced in the same way as in the inventory angle: the 24-year inventory cycle is expected to go up. In terms of inventory swing days, the battery chain was reduced to a low of 2304 days in the Ningde era, 100 million latitudes in lithium energy, and the inventory was in high state.
The core performance requirements of the 2024 Standard Conditions for consumer-type, power-driven (including small power, large power), storage-type batteries have been further enhanced on the basis of 2021. Policies have led enterprises to reduce manufacturing projects that simply expand production capacity, strengthen technological innovation, improve product quality, and reduce production productivity.
Ben. The Ministry of Technology and Communications has restricted the expansion of lithium power in a disorderly manner, while adding coded technical indicators to facilitate the clean-up of backward production and the concentration of plates, which are expected to benefit the company’s core by increasing the rate of industrial crop activity over 24 years. Since 23 years, the fixed assets of battery companies have been growing faster than construction work, and there has been a significant slowdown, as in the Ninder era, the fixed assets of the billion latitude lithium energy plus construction work in progress has been increasing from 22 years to 72 per cent and +107 per cent.
Most corporate indicators have been down for 23 years, with construction-in-progress/fixed asset ratios in the Ningde era, billion latitudes of lithium energy from 40 per cent in 22 years, which are expected to lead to a recovery in industrial crop rates, with the potential to benefit from the core based on battery clocks. 1.3 Consumer batteries: multiple-area lithium electrolysis continues, with tool cycles moving up.
On the demand side, in the company ' s consumer battery business, the demand for lithium primary and small lithium ion batteries is expected to grow steadily, and the market for small cylinders has benefited from a significant increase in tool cycle reversals, lithium electrolysis, etc. 1) the market for lithium primary and small lithium ion batteries is expected to grow steadily. 1) Smart meters: according to the AIMS consultancy, the market for lithium primary and small lithium ion batteries is projected to grow steadily.
The global smart meter market space will grow from $11.9 billion in 2022 to $15.2 billion in 2026, the capr market is in a fast-changing stage of product development, the i industry eruption and the successive roll-out of the head consumer electronics product, which will drive the accelerated penetration of the ar/vr device into intelligent life scenes, according to idc, 24q1 global penetratable.
Equipment delivery equal to +8.8%; 3) tws headphones: according to Canalys, 24q1 global tws (real wireless) headphone market 65 million, a 6% increase over the same period; 4) Electronic fogizers: based on Frost Sullivan, Global Electronic 2) small cylinder battery market demand is expected to rise rapidly.
1 Electric Tool: Essentially completed industry going to the vault, demand recovery is clear. Electric tool, Ope, went downstream for 22-23 years, moving from industrial chain stocks to reasonable levels at the end of 23, power tool going to the bank at a faster pace than o, and, on the demand side, the United States is currently at the end of the interest-raising cycle, and if future US interest rates are reduced, it will drive the landscape of the United States.
On the permeation side, it benefits from environmental protection, start-up speed, noise, and monthly bulletins “thinking that business has been turned around and recorded an increase in the number of double digits in April, a positive increase compared to the same four months in the same period in 2023”, and Gleborg's income from 4q24 was equal to that of the same amount.
The recovery of lithium core orders is also evident. 2-wheeler: Lithium Electrification has accelerated overseas. The introduction of the new national tender in 20 years has led to a significant increase in domestic electric second wheel sales, and the overall growth of domestic demand is expected to be stable in 24-25 years, mainly in exchange for new demand: overseas, two-wheeler vehicles in South-East Asia.
It is hoped that penetration will accelerate, and the Indonesian government has set up a 20 per cent fuel double-wheeler to be converted to electric two-wheeler and electric vehicles by 2025, and that each motor vehicle in Indonesia will receive a subsidy of approximately RMB 3165, while Thailand has allocated nearly RMB 600 million in 2022 for the promotion of electric motor vehicles and electric vehicles.
Cleaning equipment: generating large-volume battery demand. According to Ovi Cloud Network, cleaning appliances are expected to maintain more products over the next 2-3 years, with a faster increase in sales of high-power, high-capacity lithium batteries in 2023, such as land washing machines and fully-based station-style vacuum machines.
On the supply side, the expansion of the production capacity of small-cylinder battery companies is also slowing down globally. Traditional overseas powerful firms, sdi, lig new energy sources, loosely shifting the focus of development to power cells, consumption of small-cylinder batteries without expansion planning, fixed assets of small-cylinder batteries in the country + 23 years of growth in construction, and the proportion of construction/fixed assets in construction is significantly lower.
The pattern is also optimized. Scanning for more services. Second, storage energy batteries: continuous release, increased concentration of beneficiary industries.
2.1 The share jumped to the second highest level in the world, with a significant improvement in profitability in the 1q24 company's energy core. According to the Infolink, 1q24 global energy cores are the second highest in the world. 38.82gwh, with large reserves (including businesses), small reserves (including communications) of 34.75gwh and 4.07gwh, respectively.
In the Ninder era, billions of latitudes for lithium, Ripland, Biadi, Sea ear storage, and China’s innovation fleet are among the top six companies; in 2023, billion latitudes for lithium, and Ripland fishing were ranked higher and down by Jadi. Large reserves, 12.4 billion latitudes for lithium, were ranked second in the world.
During the German era, hundreds of millions of latitudes of lithium energy, Ripland, Xiamen, Biadi. In addition to more than 13 gwh, the remaining four businesses were in 2-5 gwh. 1q24, 300ah+ core products, represented by 314ah, began to grow in China when the foreign market was not sensitive to core product overlaps, and the product certification cycle was long, 300ah+ product pre-positioned.
Figure 19: Corporate deposits ranked third in the world in 23 years. Figure 20: 1024 company deposits ranked second in the world.
According to infolink, 1q24 small deposits to Top5 companies are 100 million latitudes of lithium energy, Ripland, Biadi, New Energy, Peng Fui energy. Small storage markets are low, competition is intense, industry concentration is declining. 1q24 cr5 is 77.2%, a decrease of 7.7% from 85.1% in 2023.
The change is evident in the number-one rise of Lithium billion latitudes, where the city is over 30 per cent, in Ripland II, where the city is close to 20 per cent, and in Biadi, New Energy and Peng Fui, where the city is between 7 and 10 per cent. Small storage (including telecommunications) cores are ranked in the first quarter of 2024.
In 2023, small storage (including telecommunications) cores were ranked.
I'm Ripland, I'm Biade, I'm Biade, I'm Biade.
The Māori rate has risen significantly in 23 years with the company's fast-discharge of energy batteries.
The same ratio +121 per cent, income of $16.3 billion, income of 73 per cent, and rapid start, with 2.2 low-quality competitions with firms other than Ningde and Biadi, and higher concentration in the beneficiary sectors of the company. Mandatory storage can easily lead to low-price competition and, in the long run, it is expected that side storage will return to market.
There is a greater tendency to choose low-cost storage projects, with relative neglect of performance and safety issues, and to transfer them to storage suppliers, thus creating low-cost competition. Poor prices make it difficult to guarantee the quality of the product’s operations, which can lead to problems such as the proliferation of low-quality storage plants and the under-utilization of storage units.
The electrical and chemical storage power station had 1030 unplanned stoppages per year, an average of 29.12 hours per hour per day, and the unit energy stoppages were 26.73/100mwh. Of these, the key equipment, systems and integrated installation quality of the power station were the main causes of the unplanned stoppage, which accounted for more than 80% of non-planned stoppages.
Life expectancy is at the core of the economics of storage, and high security and long life are competitive trends. According to the information from the Ningd era at the meeting of the SPC system, the current application of storage capacity faces multiple problems, with life expectancy at the core of the question.
1) The actual life expectancy is not as high as expected and there are safety risks: the actual operational life of 1 power-type storage (long 30min) is on average less than 3 years compared to the expected 10 years; the actual operational life of 2 energy-type storage (longer than 1 hour) is less than 8 years compared to the expected 15 years;
An average of less than 0.5 per cent of the actual life cycle of the 3 cell system/cells for single-body experiments compared to the expected 0.85 or more; 4 more than 60 fire safety incidents are clearly reported: 2) new energy station configurations are less than expected in hours:
1 Retarded owing to risks in the quality and performance of storage equipment; 2 Retarded due to lack of price policies and profit patterns; 3 New energy station energy systems generally use less than 400 hours.
A longer-lived energy storage system is worth a higher product premium. Based on the degree electrolysis measured by our medium- and energy calculator in the year (8,000 cycles) (other constant), the full life cycle electricity cost has increased by about 0.07-0.08/wh, which is equivalent to the effect of the system price rising from 0.6/wh to 0.8/wh.
The current bidding threshold for the storage market has been raised, and the industry has accelerated the shuffling. The threshold has been raised mainly in terms of production qualifications and core capacity. For example, the country can control the procurement of the 1.08gwh storage system, and its requirements for bidders' qualifications have been mentioned as follows:
Companies that do not meet the criteria will not be able to participate in competitive bidding. In addition, similar to the fuelwood power requirement of 314ah, the tender market has been tendered since the beginning of the year.
There have been a number of procurement demands for 314ah cores. The higher threshold for production qualifications has been conducive to the elimination of firms with only assembly capacity without the production capacity of core components, while the higher capacity threshold has been more conducive to firms with rapid technological innovation and high-quality products.
Industry patterns are concentrated on the head, and second-line competition is increasing. 1q24 is up to 50% of the global cr2 drop in 2023, with large cr2 and small cr2 at over 50%. Large reserves/small storage cores for Lithium at 100 million latitudes rise from 3rd/third in 23 to 2nd/first in 1q24, and overall output rises to 2nd and rises rapidly.
At the end of the inventory, stocks in the storage industry have become healthy. Some 23h2 companies, out of demand for inventory, offered at a very low price, while the current storage battery industry has ended up in a warehouse.
The battery stock reached 38.72gwh, with a sales ratio of 2.03 months, an 18 per cent decline in the ring ratio, an improvement in the oversupply of storage power cores in April, a healthy level of industrial stocks and a gradual move towards real capacity for nominal production, a significant decrease in the stock clearing.
At the end of the price, the storage core and system prices have stabilized. According to lithium platinum, as of 25 June 23, the price of lithium carbonate had fallen from about 480,000 yuan/tonne at the beginning of the 23rd year to 9-100,000 yuan/tonne; according to information from the battery China at the beginning of June, the cost of the 280ah core of the second battery company in the industry was around 0.34 yuan/wh, compared to the recent storage core of 280ah.
The exchange price has risen to about 0.36/wh. The storage core of 314ah is higher than the 280ah core. New upgrades in technology, materials, and processes have been made generally, and the cost and value of the offer has been slightly higher than the 280ah core. The price of the 314ah core is now about 0.40/wh. The price of the storage core has been stabilized.
The company has been working with telecom operators, such as China's mobile, Chinese towers, and communications facilities leading companies in the field of communications storage, and has become the side of power generation such as the national grid, the southern grid, the power supply of China, the power supply of China, the solar power source, the powin, the americanbattysols (abs) and others.
Designated suppliers of grid-side support services have accumulated a number of well-known domestic and foreign brand clients in the areas of household storage, industrial and commercial storage, etc. Gudwe, Worthy Energy, etc. Corporations have issued flagship innovations to further energy efficiency and strengthen technological excellence.
In January 24, the company released the mr flagship products, with a core capacity of up to 628ah, using the third generation of high-speed stacking technology, with a 96% energy efficiency; and mr.giant using a standard 20-foot cabinet to facilitate overall transport installation, reducing the initial investment costs of the client, with 5 mwh of energy, and system energy.
The product series of mr products is expected to be delivered in 60 super-plants and is expected to be operational in December, using new technologies such as leachate cold, and 3t high-efficiency heat management, which help companies to consolidate technological advantages. Companies are expected to make a profit by increasing their overseas and system share.
The Department is expected to make a profit by optimizing the product structure and increasing the share of overseas and storage energy systems.
3.1 The share of cities has steadily increased and the profitability of corporate power cells has increased steadily worldwide. According to Sneresearch, the 23-year global load of corporate power cells 16.2gwh, +130%, and the city 2.3%, +0.9pt, entered the top 10 times globally; the company market in January-April 24 years.
In January-April of 24 years, the top five clients in the country, namely, Hiroshima, Peng, Trinity, and Jili, accounted for more than 50% of the total. The company’s overseas clients include Daimler, BMW, Jaguar Rover, General, Modern Chia, etc., and the products are soft-packed triple batteries, 48v battery systems, square triple batteries, etc.
Corporate power cells, Māori rates, are all in the lead. Twenty-three years, 28.1 gwh, +64%, +23.98 billion, +31%, and 23 years, 14.4% Māori, 3.2 commercial vehicle operations, large cylinders and loaders.
The share of the powered commercial car business is growing rapidly. We measure the volume of the power cell from the company's 28gwh in 23 years, the commercial car, which is about 7-8gwh, or about 25-30%, and is expected to rise to 10gwhh or more in 24 years. According to China's Alliance for Autodynamic Electricity in the Pool Industry, the company's share in the installation of new energy vehicles in the country was 3.0% in January-May of 24 years, compared to--
0.98 pct, a slight decline; the company’s share of installed non-column vehicles in the country’s new energy sources is 13.9%, compared to +5.35 pct, which has risen significantly. Currently, 24 years have seen the company’s share of power increased mainly in the dynamic commercial car business, where the gap between the business and the successor firms has been staggered.
In the area of logistics cars, companies have also obtained demand and orders from well-known domestic customers, such as East Wind. Current commercial car electrodynamic penetration is continuing. According to high-man lithium, 2401 compares to 2023 data for public transport.
The penetration rate increased from 70.4 per cent to 80.2 per cent; the van-type logistics vehicle also increased from 56.9 per cent to 62 per cent; and the short reverse weight card (<200km) from 35.3 per cent to 38.2 per cent. The continued penetration of electrodynamicization benefited from: 1) the economics of the electrodynamicization made more pronounced by falling lithium prices and battery prices; 2) the replacement of lfp batteries to enhance the operational experience of new energy commercial vehicles; and (3) handover
The following electric penetration cores are in light-carried logistics vehicles and long-distance trunking heavy-cards. There are still two major break-down scenarios with a low penetration rate of only 7.6% for light-card-type logistics vehicles and only 0.19% for trunk-line heavy-cards (>200km).
The current battery technology does not meet the needs for applications in these two markets, and in the future fast-loading or fast-changing will be a major shift in the way corporate services are based on a wide range of 30 fast-loaded open-source batteries. According to the network of corporate officials, since 2015 companies have been actively engaged in the transformation of passenger vehicles, logistics vehicles, heavy-cards, engineering machinery to electricization, and commercial vehicle products are being used in 14 countries around the world.
It is widely used in extreme cold and hot areas to serve more than 80% of the country's top customers. Currently, the billion-latitude lithium energy service network has reached 195 cities across the country, with 295 service stations set up to secure sales. 24 years of company release “open-source batteries” with four core products: lf125p, lf125h, lf140p and lf150p, and based on these cores, micro-developments have been developed.
M3/m4, light-cart3, heavy-carh2 and heavy-carh3 platform products with 3c super-facilities, with 15 minutes from 20% fast to 80% s0c, with a life cycle of over 7,000 times greater than 160wh/kg. Based on a wide range of service networks and continuous iterative products, companies are expected to consolidate their advantage and continue to benefit from the trend of commercial car electricization.
In September 23, the company announced that it would establish a joint United States venture with Daimler truck, Pacca and Conmins to invest in battery capacity, which would hold 10% of the shares of the joint venture and 30% of each of the three other investors. The partner, Daimler truck, would share 30% of the global shares with Pacca.
Four large truck manufacturers, Conminth, are well-known American manufacturers of power equipment. Three foreign firms issue a joint new gwh. The joint venture will obtain a licence for the development, manufacture, and commercialization of battery products from hundreds of millions of latitudes and will pay the agreed licence fee for the batteries produced, which will be used mainly in designated North American commercial vehicle areas; and three foreign firms and their connections.
As of November 23, the company and Mercedes Mercedes Benz and Bo were in the area of passenger cars.
The Ma Group, Jaguar Road Rover, Pioneer Cars, Hiro-Ayan, Grand-Cars, Chang-Aan Cars, Chiré Cars, etc., have established long-term, stable business partnerships with well-known drivers outside the country, and have secured some of the new clients' fixed or determined large cylindrical routes, offering opportunities to overcrow. The company's leading company for domestic cylinder batteries, in the cylindrical power plant.
The battery's electrochemical system, its structure and development have gained more experience, and if the large cylinder technology route is pushed off, the company is expected to overturn some of the rectangular enterprises through the new track, increasing its share in the ev battery. Compared to the rectangular cell, the large cylinder battery has potential advantages in terms of safety and performance, but it is difficult to produce and still needs to be reduced and replicated.
In terms of safety, large cylindrical cells have a natural advantage over rectangular cells. The cylindrical cells have a smaller single capacity, individual cells have low heat release power, have faster voltage and are less likely to cause uncontrolled heat spread than squares and soft packagings; cylindrical single cells are exposed to wire contact, have slower heat transfer and have a arc surface, have a natural reserve for spreading heat voids, and have a side.
The shape, the package, is surface contact, the area of exposure is large, the radiative space is small, and if a single cell is out of heat, it can easily spread to the battery; the large cylinder cell has a very small rate of expansion throughout its life cycle due to the strength of the shell and the structure of the roll core, guaranteeing resistance to stability, while the square aluminium shell cell has been expanding throughout its life cycle, making it difficult to accurately predict the lifetime of the square aluminium shell.
In terms of performance, large-circle cell arc surfaces are more resistant to the expansion of silicon negative poles, and the electron core can theoretically achieve a higher energy density. The condensed characteristics of the cylindrical cells can be as uniform as possible in the extremes, reducing the breakage and wrinkled appearance, the damage and wrinkles caused by the concentration of stress in squares and soft-pack batteries at the r-angle level, and the steel casings of large cylinder batteries.
Mechanical strength, which absorbs the full expansion of the negative poles, with higher melting points, helps the core to achieve higher energy density. However, there are still problems with the current large cylinder core when applying high-performance material systems, and large cylinder cells are naturally less efficient in forming than squares, so there is currently no apparent advantage in the square in the energy density of the battery package.
On the demand side, the current company's acceptance of large cylinder batteries has been gradually increased, with both domestic and foreign vehicles on board. 2304 Tsla 4680 batteries in cybertuck, and Jiang Huai Ri F8 on a billion-latitude cylinder battery was officially listed at the end of January.
The phase will focus on the actual load-in effect of batteries (product stability, safety, etc.), the acceptance of large cylinder batteries at the supply end, the expected entry of Tesla in 2024 (second generation 4680), lig, pine, etc., and the achievement of the country's tens of millions of latitudes of lithium.
The plant ' s cumulative production of 4680 cores has passed 50 million (assuming 100Wh/poles, or about 5gwh) and production capacity continues to climb, leading the company ' s major cylinder battery customers in the verification process. According to the company ' s May 24 announcement, the company ' s 46 series of three-dollar cylinder batteries have worked with eight customers, two of whom have been targeted, two have been delivered in bulk, and the main customer has been certified throughout the process.
The targeted customers include Chengdu, BMW. By the beginning of November 2023, the company ' s cylindrical phosphate lithium batteries had achieved a total of about 88gwhh in the next five years, and the three-dollar cylinder batteries had achieved a total of customer intent requirements for the next five years.
About 486gwh. The company is currently equipped with a large cylindrical power cell base in Hungary, where the cylindrical power cell base is now operational, and Shenyang, where the Hungarian base is expected to produce the main BMW. The company’s large cylindrical battery production & verification progresses, and is expected to start faster when the demand is released.
The company's large cylinder battery has been the first to produce a vehicle in the country and its reliability has been verified. In January 2023, the company released a large cylinder battery system, and in October, it launched a long-range installation vehicle to deliver large cylinders for the first enterprise in the country. As of this time, the application was extensive, with a maximum mileage of 83,000 km, zero safety incidents, and confirmed battery reliability and safety.
The company currently supplies the gm12v battery system, the Jaguar Lugger 48v battery system, Daimler, and the modern Keaso package, of which 12v,
48v batteries are mainly used in light-mixed vehicles (non-long-term development routes), and the soft-pack technology route has been shrinking globally in recent years. Against the background of the unchanged trend of overseas electricization, it is expected that more cars will develop pure electric/mixed car types and platforms in 25-27 years into a more mainstream rectangular trio, rectangular lithium program.
A stable supply relationship between a group of overseas clients is expected to take advantage of the opportunities of downstream clients to develop new platforms to import new products, and IV. Consumer batteries: multiple break-down champions, benefit cycle up 4.1 small cylinder batteries: significant revenue release is expected for 24 years, leading to profit recovery
1) Electric Tools: Up-to-date, state-owned alternatives to propulsion The battery industry was dominated by Japanese and Korean companies, which gradually moved into the head customer supply chain after 2018, with cost advantages. According to the Baguar Research Institute, the share of lithium batteries installed in electric tools in 2019 was still in the hands of Japanese and Korean firms such as Samsung, Murada, lig, etc.
Since 2018, local producers, such as the billion-latitude lithium energy, the capricium energy cut into tti, and the 100-bit branded supply chain, have been largely responsible for the significant cost advantages of Chinese manufacturers, which continue to contract technologically with international producers. At the same time, the Japanese brand has prioritized its cylinder battery resources into power cell areas, leading to a large supply chain of international electric tools.
From 2020 to 2021, the share of home-grown companies in the supply of batteries has been increasing. According to the evtank, in 2020, the country’s battery companies, such as the billion-latitude lithium energy, and the energy of Tinpan, began large-scale replacements for foreign battery companies, sdi, and the lg.
In 2019, the top three power cores were supplied to three stars, sdi, lg, and village fields, and the first three suppliers were converted into billions of latitudes, energy, and village fields. Also, because of the high demand, the domestic cylinders were created.
Battery companies, especially high-yielding products, show an oversupply situation, price increases, and high-capacity high-volume products are gradually being used in electric tools. In 2020, the share of Tristars sdi fell from 45% to 36%.
Three-by-two, three, four-by-one shares of the world. Scanning for more services. Chart 42: Global share of lithium batteries installed with electric tools, 2019
Figure 43: Share of global exports of lithium batteries from electric tools in 2020 Middle-Traffle tool batteries are in a state of de-storage and industry demand has declined, Samsung has been instrumental in consolidating market shares through long-sheet agreements with end-users, and the process of national production substitution has been blocked.
After six months of significant repair of the revenues and orders from Lithium at six hundred latitudes, Lithium with a blue core, and the completion of the three stars, the share of national production is expected to rise again in 24 years, and the company's revenues from small cylinders are expected to be released substantially in 24 years. 2) The company is expected to make further breakthroughs in the area of electric two-wheel vehicles. Star power is China's largest electric two-wheel battery supply.
Businesses, leading customers, include the first-line brands of Yadi and Irma. At the moment, hundreds of millions of latitudes of lithium can be added to the supply chain of calves, Nine, and in December 23, the company released a series of “warring” batteries, covering 48v to 72v, 20ah to 100ah comprehensive solutions, matching electric bicycles, electric motorcycles, and city-to-city swap markets, which are expected to enhance companies' competitiveness in this area.
The U.S. announced on May 14th, China introduced a 25% tariff on lithium batteries and components for vehicles exported to the U.S. and 25% on non-ev batteries and key minerals such as natural graphite, rare earth ion magnets since 2026.
The West Asia Plants Project consists of two phases: one for the Internationalization of the Cylinder Battery Industry Park, with an investment of no more than US$ 422.3 million, which was officially launched on 7 August 2023 in Jitau County, Malaysia; and two for the "Store Capables Project", which was implemented in 2024 by Lithium Million LIQS Malaysia Ltd. and Investkedahbd.
On January 15, a memorandum of understanding was signed in Huezhou for the establishment of a billion-latitude lithium energy storage company in Malaysia and the purchase of two new plots to open up a storage plant to meet Malaysia’s storage needs. We believe that the company’s factory in Malaysia will not only radiate customers in South-East Asia, but can also be used as a company’s future export of small cylindrical and energy battery production in Europe and America.
Trade policy risks and tariff risks. 4.2 Lithium primary batteries: market growth is robust, taps are solid, lithium primary batteries are single cells, and lithium manganese cells are dominated. Lithium primary batteries include lithium manganese batteries, lithium sub-cells, lithium sulfur electricity.
The pool and lithium fluorescent batteries. Overall, the lithium primary battery market is well developed, and it is expected that in the future there will be growth in demand and metering of lithium sulfuryl chloride, tire pressure of lithium dioxide batteries, consumption of lithium ion batteries, etc.
Figure 45: Lithium primary battery types, characteristics and applications Increased concentration in the domestic lithium primary battery industry. According to the China Association of Chemical and Physics Industries, pre-2019
In 2022, according to data from the World Wide Fund for Women, the combined share of the domestic market of the company ' s revenues was 48.4% for Lithium Litium Power and Ping Fui Energy.
Since 2012, it has maintained a high level of Māori and robust growth in operating income. In 2022, companies outperformed 34% of other competitors in the industry. Products are mainly used in the fields of smart meters, etc., birth pressure monitoring, and are the main suppliers to many mainstream downstream customers.
Many of the company's products are home-grown champions. 1) Lithium sulfuryl chloride batteries: for smart meters, with very low self-discharge rates (1 per cent per year), with life reliability for 20 years, nearly 80 per cent of the first upgrade of the national grid; 2) spc battery: for electrical applications in etc., a temperature range - 40 to 85 degrees, an instant discharge power rate of 10 c, life use
Life exceeds 8 years with micro-level very low leak currents and more than 10 years experience in the field of intelligent transport; 3) Battery buttons: applied to the monitoring of fetal pressure, able to withstand changes in temperature from 2000g centrifugal force, -40° to 120°C, 150°C temperature environment, micro-mode stage production, output voltage up by 25% compared to solar batteries, breaking down Japanese enterprises.
In 2023, the company formally established the Medical Batteries Department, which introduced seven major medical battery solutions that could be fully applied to aed defibrillators, respirators, blood sugar machines, electrostatic thermometers, capsules, etc.
Multiple applications, such as endoscopes, brain pacers, chargeable neurostimulators, match the needs of customers in various industries, and work to establish standards for medical batteries.
Patient ' s suffering, facilitation: 2) implanted nerve-controlled batteries: for the sole domestic supplier, as of 2023, there had been over 1,000 clinical applications of the Pa Kinson tremors, and currently the second neurostimulator product has achieved the first global Autism Episode 4.3 small lithium ion batteries: deep-deep market segment, binding core customers
The company’s small soft-pack batteries are used mainly for electronic aerosols, wearable equipment, blue-tooth set-up, and other object-networking terminals. The company has established a deep partnership with the leading public department at home and abroad in the electronic aerosol market and the wearable equipment market to provide high-quality products and services.
Batteries and semi-stabilized batteries are being developed to meet the demand for future medium- and high-end consumption markets. 1) Electronic fogizers: Deep Tilt Smoor International. The electronic smoke cell market participants include pine, hundreds of millions of latitudes of lithium energy, power, Wang New Energy, Toyoji Battery, Peng Fui Energy, etc. The company is now working in depth with Smoor International to hold the latter super-high.
Smaur International is the world’s largest manufacturer of electronic fogizer equipment, mainly in the odm branding business, manufacturing electronic fogifier equipment and components for Japanese companies such as tobacco, baboon tobacco and relx. According to Sullivan, Smore International’s global market accounted for about 13.7 per cent in 2023 (about 18.1 per cent in 2022).
2) tws headphones: entering the three-star supply chain. According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the buttons used by Apple Airpods in 2021 were mainly from Valta; billion latitudes of lithium were able to maintain good cooperation with Samsung; pelican energy was the main supply of the jbl system; purples had a wide range of electronic client groups, mainly from Mi, Hua, Opo, lg, Google, Haman, SenHaisel, etc.
V. The industrial chain layout is gradually being realized to strengthen competitive advantages The firm’s deep upstream industrial chain is helping to secure supply and reduce costs. The company promotes “nico-cobalt lithium mine-cell material-electricity”
A whole industry chain layout of pool production - battery recovery - battery re-engineering. Supply chain coordination is built through the establishment of joint ventures with upstream head companies, including Devonami, Betri, Hua-Ya-Yo Cobalt, En-Je, China Electric, New Zeus, etc., active distribution of positive materials, key lithium battery materials such as negative polar materials, diaphragms, electrolyte, and upstream resources such as nickel, cobalt, lithium, etc.
Together with the layout, the supply of raw materials is guaranteed, the price of raw materials and fluctuations in supply are reduced in terms of their impact on the company’s production, and the company’s overall competitiveness is raised. The company also focuses on industrial linkages in the area of downstream battery recycling, battery re-engineering, and works in depth with downstream head companies such as Grimes to effectively reduce the environmental impact of waste while increasing the recovery rate of rare raw materials.
Some joint ventures are expected to increase as the volume of their contribution continues. 22,23 Smoor International contributed $790 million to the company, or 57.5 per cent, 76.8 per cent, of the company ' s total investment earnings, which is the main influence. 23 years, Sk joint venture, Bettray joint venture, German joint venture, Lithium salt, 5.1, 1.4, Xinhua, respectively.
1.1,-2.8, and 80 million yuan in investment returns, which have a significant impact. To benefit from higher production and sales, sk joint venture, Bertrand joint venture, Chinese Cobalt Cobalt (Indonesia), New Zeus joint venture, 23 years a year a year, 22 years a year a year a year a profit increase; to be subject to a large drop in lithium carbonate and positive prices, gold column lithium salt, Xinghua lithium salt, German joint venture profit for 23 years a year and a German joint venture deficit accompanies.
Production advances, some of the joint ventures, such as the Chinese Cobalt Cobalt Cobalt (Indonesia), the Nje Joint Venture, the Chinese Joint Venture, and the Kim Yeung Joint Venture, are in the field of electronic fogification: the new platform, the new ones, the Feelmmax, continues to be released. According to the Sullivan report, 23 to 28 years of complex operations are expected to go into the compliance phase, and stronger regulation will benefit the long-term development of the industry and the growth of compliance firms.
The upgraded porcelain mist-eating technology platform, set up by the company in 2023, achieved a greater number of mouths, a better taste, fewer oral residues and greater consistency than the mainstream product, and once the product is marketed, it is recognized by its customers and end users; the company ' s new warehouse closed product for the European market has successfully obtained tpd compliance
Certification, to be officially listed in 2024. 2) In the area of heating and non-combustion: successful development of multi-heating technology product platforms using a significant increase in experience and oral sensitivity. Advanced heating technologies are designed to provide an even and controlled process of efficient heating, ensuring the maximum release of breath and fragrance from
The company's heating and non-burning products are equipped with intelligent sensors and microprocessors that can adapt the heating process to the user's usage habits and product-specific intelligence, thus providing users with a more personalized and satisfactory use experience. The company has now developed a differentiated stock of leading technologies that provide a solid basis for subsequent client collaboration.
3) In the area of foggy medicine: distribution of asthma and slow-pulmonary drug delivery devices. U.S. wholly-funded subsidiaries have completed the construction of process hardware and software, and have gradually built up the world’s leading supply chain of inhaled drugs production. The group has completed the development and production of three drug delivery units for asthma and slow-resistance lungs, as well as the development of several pharmaceutical preparations, formulations and devices.
The approval of the European and American Pharmacy Institute has been accompanied by agreement with several pharmaceutical agencies on the path to product development and has entered the stage of pre-clinical or registered batch production, respectively. (4) The mist beauty field: the brand moyal.
Repository batteries are expected to benefit from the trend towards increased concentration, and companies are expected to raise unit prices by increasing their system share. Demand for storage batteries is expected to increase, based on the continued increase in global power generation from new energy sources.
It can also reduce the idleness of storage devices, safety accidents and non-accidental stoppages, the unsustainable expulsion of cheap currency, the expected future concentration of high-scale, high-performance businesses in the industry, and the value of high-quality products for product premiums.
On the price side, the price of lithium carbonate is expected to fall this year as compared to the price of batteries. Moreover, the company’s current storage energy product remains predominantly core-based, and is expected to raise the unit price in the future as the distribution network continues to widen.
2) Consumer batteries: Lithium primary batteries, small lithium ion batteries, are growing steadily, and the power tools represent small cylindrical batteries in the upper cycle. The lithium primary battery market as a whole is stable, is expected to grow slightly each year, new markets such as smart medicine are expected to bring in additional quantities, and small lithium ion batteries follow the growth of downstream electronic aerosols, tws headphones, etc.
The power tools market has been completed, the industry has been replenished this year, battery orders have been put in large quantities, and with the end of the US interest-added cycle, the US real-estate cycle is expected to rise upwards, driving the need for tools and batteries on a sustainable basis. 3) Power cells: commercial vehicle power, using vehicles to focus on large cylinders.
The break-down market has not yet begun to see visible penetration, while the competitive pattern of batteries in commercial vehicles is highly concentrated and, with the increase in penetration and the gradual release of vehicles, the company's share in commercial vehicles is expected to increase further; in the area of vehicles, the company is expected to import new customers on the basis of large cylinder batteries, but the volume still needs to be kept in view of the overall progress of the industry (e.g., the impact of the cars, Tes).
On the price side, as a result of a fall in lithium carbonate prices, the price of moving batteries is expected to fall this year. Cost forecasts: As companies grow, sales, administration, etc. are expected to be spread out and rates are expected to fall.
Investment earnings: The company holds an indirect stake of 30.98% Smoor International, which is expected to expand horizontally through continuous product rotations and product classes, with continued growth in global demand for e-smoking, while some joint ventures are expected to boost production.
For the first time, the manufacturer Ningde’s era, the Ninde High School, Hinwanda, as a comparable company, covered the “buy-in” rating on the basis of the company’s share of the energy-consumption battery field. New energy vehicles and storage capacity demand is not as high as expected: if new energy vehicles are downstream and storage capacity is not as much as expected, the company’s product is needed.
(a) Euro-American trade policy and tariff risks: if Europe and the United States enact a restrictive policy against China's battery companies going to the sea (including product exports, overseas construction plants, etc.), the company's overseas earnings will be adversely affected;
(b) The demand for large cylinder batteries is not as high as expected: if new energy vehicles, storage facilities and customers are unable to increase their acceptance of large cylinder batteries, the volume of large cylinder batteries is not as high as expected;
(a) The risk of substantial reversal of construction in progress: the size of the construction in progress of the company is large if it is massively consolidated in a short period of time, or the risk of reduced return on investment: some joint ventures produce lithium carbonate, positive-polar products, and there is an increased loss in the joint venture if the price of lithium carbonate continues to fall or competition in positive industries increases, resulting in a lower risk of investment return;
Large shareholder pledge risk: the company ' s major shareholder, Tibetan billion-latitude holdings, Liu Kim-sung 's 35606 and 38.71 million shares, respectively, have been pledged.