2021q1 is over-expected, monsoon theatre is about to break through.
Quite well, advertising and a significant increase in member income contributed to the overperformance of 2021q1 by publishing the annual report for 2020 and the report for the first quarter of 2021. In 2020, operating income was 140.006 billion yuan, an increase of 12 per cent compared to the previous year; the net return to the mother was 1,982 million yuan, an increase of 71 per cent compared to the previous year, mainly mangoes.
The tv Internet video service contributed, with the number of effective Mangotv members at the end of 2020 amounting to 3,613,000, an increase of $1 billion, an increase of 61 per cent, mainly as a result of high advertising and income growth driven by high-profile content such as Big Star Detective 6, Sisters in the Wind, Sunshine II, etc.
Self-made capabilities consolidate the competitive edge of long video cores and create a model for video content power providers through a small Manpower company to build an eco-protector river that is synergized up and down the entire industrial chain. Based on the high expectations of the 2021 quarterly report, we have built a matrix of content, a “season theatre” or accelerated breakout.
In 2021, Mangotv's stock consisted of a series of monsoon theatres such as Hunting, I'm fine in his hometown, Grandmother's bracelets, good men and women, dark nights, me and us, urban emotional dramas such as The Reverse Lighter, The Forensic Qin Ming's Invisible Testimony, etc.
We believe that the company, based on the positioning of young, urban, and female platform users, will acquire more meta-users through a rich matrix of content, which will drive a faster and faster growth of its membership and anappu. “Small Man” will create a new video, the “Context+Social” model, or a new growth pole for the company.
Corporate Information Update Report - 2020. “Small Man” app fully exploits the company's advantages in terms of ip content, exploring the creation of safe communities, tidal clubs performance, “Content+Electrator” driving growth in the future.
We believe that "Mang" is aimed at the young people of the z generation who use the power of the company's Insight Report - Sister 2 to support the development of a content supplier model that focuses on "Visual + Content + Electric" by sharing and recommending grass for short video content.
Households, as active users accumulate and their consumption capacity increases, their commercial value may be realized over time.
Risks; uncertainty about the success of electricity vendor business expansion.