Mango supermedia (300413) The Truth of Lies further cements the logic of the monsoon theatre, the South-West Securities Research and Development Center.
• Events: The second production of the company ' s monsoon plan, " Enquiry " , was launched on June 21st, 2021, under the title " Wolves " , which shows that the impact of the monsoon theatre is increasing, that the company relies on the monsoon theatre, and that the strategy of starting to break the circle of content is beginning gradually
From June 21, "Five Lies" on the line, free members can watch the first four. vip members can watch the first ten.
More than 290 million times in the eight days before Wolves came online, showing an increasing interest in the monsoon theatre. On the other hand, eight days close to 500 million were already excellent performances.
The flow of mangotv, after a first quarter adjustment, began to stabilize gradually in April, and began to show signs of further warming in May. We believe that the pull-over effect of the episode on users is more evident than in the short term, especially in terms of short-term effects.
So, with its better market feedback, or with significant flow-based monsoon theatres contributing to mangotv, users will push the company’s user ceilings through user circles. In the lead-up, the users of mangos are predominantly female users who love the art, while female users’ ceilings are lower than their gender-specific users.
From this year on, the super-mixes, especially those that are male-to-user-oriented, will, if successful, open up the group of male users and push up the company's ceiling so that the growth of the company's users can be secured in the future.
The real story is a series of super-male content attributes; and the market feedback from these two episodes is excellent and the market influence is growing, so we think that the company uses the monsoon theatre as a catalyst for 1. Mango super-magnets (300413): Wolf hunters open up to men for male use.
2. Mango supermixes (300413): script killing, giving you another life (2021-05-13)
Mango supermedia (300413): The quality content-driven high-achievement will open up the company's user ceiling, which is expected to increase in the period ahead; script killings will lead to an increase in the value of the company as a whole, among other things, and we maintain a rating of the company's “buy-in” investment.
4. Mango excess media (300413), performance of content advantages, multi-operational development (2020-10-29) No direct or indirect compensation for specific recommendations or observations in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.