The company's registration application to issue shares to a specific audience is approved and no more than 35 investors are to be collected.
80% of the average value of the company’s stock transactions in 20 trading days before the base date. After the release, the media holdings in Mango fell from 58.94% to 55.99%, and remained corporate shareholders.
Of the funds raised, $4 billion will be used for the expansion of the content resource pool for a period of two years, with the completion of six S-level film and television procurements (for $1,092 million), 11 a-level film and video productions self-made or custom-made (for $640 million), 18 S-level polytechnics (for $2,268 million) for a period of four years.
It will yield $5,146 million, of which members will earn $1,936 million, advertising $3.210 billion and will make partial payments, and home-made video shows and philosophies will be advanced in an orderly manner and will be partially funded. The company has sophisticated cost-effective, leading content-making teams, upstream.
In the context of the downside of costs, a more active user growth strategy has been initiated, with an increase in the supply of sufficient “ammunition” to companies, which improve their self-manufacturing capabilities, build explosive devices, and procure procurement to obtain reports on the assembly table, the study by the National Dollar Securities Corporation - Mango Supermix (300413):
High-quality copyright resources, such as Dreams, have helped to increase user stickyness and scale. The monsoon theatre is about to open, and the underline scripts are digging for pip value. 500 million plus-yard media service platforms are being built to provide technical support for content production and dissemination.
The company raised $500 million for the development of the Mangotv Smart Audio-Visual Media Services Platform, including smart content production platforms, smart content processing platforms, content distribution platforms, etc., to provide smart content.
Production, coding of ultra-high-quality videos (4k/8k), content distribution and transmission, smart algorithm services, and one-quarter review in 2021: content moating, 21 season application of services such as safety and quality assurance, application of rapid research and development, and distribution, contributing to innovative content expression
In the form of a new view of the wind + Xiao Man contribution, the content production efficiency and quality of the content output is improved.
Competitiveness, a monsoon theatre that connects the network with fine short plays helps to obtain multiple users. The monsoon theatre is expected to perform less than expected, the mini-mancer business is developing less than expected, and the policy risk period is Chen Jun-hoon
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.