Performance of 2021q1 exceeded expectations, expressed in terms of Wang's strength Investment rating: increase (maintenance) company annual report 2020 and one quarterly report 2021: company revenue achieved throughout 2020
The prices of the Mangotv transport companies compare to the trend of 300 deep, and the happy sunshine of the camp achieved $10.03 billion in 2020, an increase of 23.36%.
The net profit was 1,775 million yuan, an increase of 83.17 per cent in the same year. The number of active members of Mangotv at the end of 2020 amounted to 3,613,000, an increase of 96.68 per cent in the same year, and the income of members amounted to 3,255 million yuan, an increase of 92 per cent in the same year. In advertising, the income from advertising amounted to 4,139 million yuan, an increase in the same year.
In the case of Mangotv, in 2020, more than 40 home-made programmes were launched. Both the new one, "Friends listen to me, rap me," and Cong N, "The Secret Room escapes."
Two seasons, daughters in love (third season), wives in romantic travel (fourth season), and so on, with "Sisters in the Wind" becoming the annual phenomenon class.
In 2020, Mangotv came on the line with 57 highlights, of which the performances of Happiness Next, In the Name of the Family, Invisibility and Greatness, and Living With the Sun were also relevant.
By 2020, based on the advantage of the company's long video content, the "Little Man" power provider will have the potential to face the zi generation. The "Little Man" power provider is a vertical content vendor platform that builds the community of escape, tidal communities, pet communities, etc. through the "Little Man" app, forming a completely new community centred on "Video+Contection+Elector"
Video content electrician mode. We believe that the crowd positioning of small Mandarin power providers for the user properties of the natural mango tv table is expected to create a complete closed circle of “grazing + mowering” based on the company’s dominance in the area of long video content.
The performance of the company is expected to remain high in the future, as a result of the company's high quality content self-manufacturing capacity, in particular through the introduction of Cycling N, which is represented by `Wong Sister 2' and `Scope 6'.
Quality Head Content Platform for Embracing Change
Mom, but Mango tv is six-fold in the Top20 mix. The "Mongo 2" performance is still bright, based on data from the Cat Eye professional version. As of 1 April 2021, the "Mike 2" programme had a total of 3,635 million weekly broadcasts and "Mongo 1" had a total of 4,207 million.
According to data, as of 20 March 2021, the q1 video platform was broadcasting a total of 103 dramas, with a view to being on top of 10; industry regulation was too strict to be expected; industry competition intensified; and programmes were not on the line as much as expected;
• Media content strategy and investment experience for listed companies, using information on legal compliance to produce the present report independently and objectively, the data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, and I have done so.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.