The media Internet industry, April 27, 2021, has grown in membership and continues to build content ecology.
Mango Supermomentation (300413.sz) – Annual Report 2020 and Quarterly 2021
Yang Xiaojun's net profit increased by 71.42 per cent over the same year, and by 68.91 per cent over the same year by $1,846 million over the non-mortality net profit.
Growth of 47.00 per cent; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies of 773 million yuan, compared with growth in comparison with growth: the steady growth in the number of members and active users by the end of 2020 and the number of effective members of Mangotv
According to questmobile, the number of active users of mangotv in the month of the reporting period rose steadily, reaching 192 million in December 2020, an increase of 43 per cent in basic places.
The second echelon in the long video field in the country. By constantly improving the industrial content production system with mango characteristics, companies dig deep into the long video competition of the moat river, and we believe that there is still much room for improvement in the public sector’s membership.
Financial performance is strong, mangotv is active, with its own programming cost advantages and ample reserves, and the level of profitability is bright, and companies have the potential to compete differently. In 2020, companies are going to raise up to 4.5 billion yuan in non-public distribution.
Four billion yuan was spent on the purchase of copyrights for video theatres and home-made video and art programmes, and another 500 million dollars on the development of an audio-visual platform for mango tv using their own technology. On 4 December, the company announced that the holding company Mango Media would transfer 5.26% of the company’s shares.
Ali has launched an investment to further introduce strategic investors that will provide strategic support for corporate business expansion.
The next stop is Happiness, and the next stop is full of hot dramas, so beautiful, so secret, and so on, and so on. Super-mixed ip, "Star Detectives" , and a live interactive series, "Targets" is on the line, embedding the game's business model on the Internet.
A frequency platform that stimulates potential commercialization. Big Star Detective 6 during the 21q1 reporting period.
In the third quarter of 2020, Mango Supermax (300413.sz) reported that the inner-molecture matrix built the protected river, and the new ecological expansion continued to grow. In the spring of 2021 Mangotv, Platform officials declared one.
A series of heavy-pound art shows, such as "Big Brother's Hot Life" and "Ta-Ta," "Big Singer" and "Big Singer" and "See Your Lover" focused on the topic "Divorce Colds" and so on. The company launched the "Mango Season" project, exploring the country's first online network.
The company produces its own content in a rich and innovative way, and sees the future effects. For women users, it is important to find a fan to turn into a latent mango tv user for young women.
The company signed a strategic cooperation agreement to launch a large-scale live election.
On January 1, 2021, the "Molder" officially came online to gather the flow quickly in the name of a star artist or recommendation, breaking through the long video track bottlenecks with the power vendor model and seeking transformation and new ones.
The electricity-to-broadcasting industry is now booming and the market is huge, and the core users of the platform are the main players in electricity-to-bought purchases, and the two are further integrated into the corporate ecology, a useful attempt to build the Mango Second Growth Curve.
I undertake to present this report independently and objectively, in a diligent and professional manner, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.