Reasons for reporting: Performance announcement
The company released its 2020 performance on 26 April, with an operating income of $9,471 million, an increase of 15.05 per cent over the same period, and a net profit of $1,612 million attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase over the same period.
The income ring has continued to grow, and performance has increased at a remarkable rate throughout the year. 1) In a single quarter, the net cash flow of the company ' s operating activities in 2004 amounted to $581 million, an increase of 98.37 per cent over the same period. In 2020, the company ' s contractual liabilities were based, and the Platform ' s members and advertising revenues were growing rapidly. 1) The happy light of mangotv achieved.
Revenues increased by 23.36 per cent and net profits increased by $1,775 million, or 83.17 per cent, respectively; their membership of the platform and advertising continued to grow rapidly. 2) On the membership side, through diversified membership, the number of active members of Mangotv was 3.61 million at the end of the year, representing an increase of 96.68 per cent, and members earned 3.255 million.
Basic data: March 31, 2021, showing a 92 per cent increase over the same period. 3) In advertising, based on high-quality content from the platform, companies are exploring new marketing models, such as custom-made “live-plus” advertising clients, which generated revenue during the reporting period.
In terms of content, in 2020, Mangotv went up to 40 stages of self-manufacturing, in 2020 the Sisters of the Wave became a 2020 phenomenon-class art, in combination with innovations such as "Friends Listen to My Sing" and "Friends Break Out" and "Daughter's Love 3" "Roman Travel 4" and so on.
Substitute heat is good for both accounts; the next stop is Happiness in the Name of the Family, Invisible and Great, Living with the Sun, etc., is the 2020 heat and head television show. (5) Other business units, billions, 2,205 million yuan, an increase of 31 per cent, -29.14 per cent, and 4.84 per cent.
2021q1 benefits from Mangotv income \triangleright
Shanxi Securities Co., Inc., which is 61.18% more than the same year. One quarter of Mangotv is on the line for "Star Big Detective 6" and "Sister on the Wind" and "Grandma and Mom on the Sun" and "Don't Intuit me from studying" and "Growing up with you" and so on.
Art and theatrical hot air show, as of March, the size of the platform ' s monthly live users was 171 million.) The spring Mangotv festival was held on 17 April, and the monsoon theatre was expected to be on the line in May, starting with a follow-up reserve such as " Sleeping Gardens " , forming a weekly theatre connected to the network.
In addition to the re-entry of all generations, such as "The Secret Room Breaking Out" and the introduction of new blends such as the integration of diverse elements and subjects, the exploration of cultural energy in the circle, and the launching of "Big Brother's Burning Life" as "Girl's Family of Detectives" in 2021 as a heavy-pound project, the help company is expected to break the circle of users and raise the volume of advertising.
The company or its associates may hold or trade securities or investment targets issued by listed companies, as referred to in this report, subject to legal authorization, and may also offer or seek to provide them with investment banks or financial resources.
There is a risk that the company will continue to increase its valuation in 2021-23 as a rare indicator of growth with both platform and content properties.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.