New growth points continue to develop when the content breaks down, and the review report for Mango Supermomentation (300413) takes place on May 06, 2021.
1. Mangotv’s Internet video business boosted performance. Mangotv’s Internet video business generated $9,061 million (Yoy+43.40%) in 20 years, maintaining high growth and continuing to dominate.
At the end of 20 years, the number of Mangotv members amounted to 3,613,000 (youy+96.68 per cent) and the number of effective members in the popular arts, " Sisters in the Wind " , was 10,000.
The tv Internet video business has increased by 1.12 pct to 40.69%, which is still much higher than other businesses. The high Māori rate is mainly due to: high-quality home-made dramas, which have led to growth in membership and commercialization, rising current value, and the fact that operators continue to benefit from the synergies of the "one screen" channels.
So the increase in the share of Mangotv Internet video business also hit the content production, the _aaa_Mango supermedia (300413), the decline in the Māori rate of retail media, which led to an increase in the overall Māori ratio of the company by 0.37 ptt to 0.37 ptt
The main _aaa_mango super-magnet (300413.sz) annual performance forecast is a 112.73% performance rate for the operation of happy sunshine and for the development of games and derivatives.
The rate of completion of mango recreation is 150.73 per cent, of the daily entertainment media, whose main business is music copyright, is 175.35 per cent, of the mango video production, 144.13 per cent, and of the main entertainer, 111.59 per cent.
Cash flows have increased significantly, and internal operations have been further optimized. 1) Cash flows have increased and money has been abundant. 20 years of net cash flows from operating activities have risen significantly to $581 million (youy+98.37 per cent), mainly as a result of the increase in cash received for the sale of commodities.
Xia Qingjin Kim also increased by 5.37 per cent to $5.36 billion in the same year. 2) Business efficiency is improved.
As a result of the exemption from fees for the construction of cultural industries, the 20-year corporate tax and an additional $74 million (Yoy-77.21%) has been reduced over the same period in the previous year, and the 21-year policy has continued. The “Cymphony N” home-made show is a gold brand, and the “Monsoon Theatre” is expected to meet market expectations.
1) Multicultural arts: The company currently has 24 Multicultural Teams (excluding Integration), which are on the line in 20 years, 1 billion people, up 9% from the same year, the only positive growth in the platforms, with the highest share of mangotv self-manufactured art, which is 89%, and the best in the industry, whose ability to produce it is unquestionable.
According to Yee-eun data, 20 years of comprehensive television mixes top10 and 7 out of 10 annual web-based topstomstoms10 are effective in reducing innovation.
In 21 years, "Friends listen to 2" and "Friends in Love 4" continue to be upgraded, and "Big Brothers in Hot Life" will continue to be branded "Ta-Change" while the iron is still hot. In addition to the "Choyo" program, Mangotv is expected to continue with the heat.
In the spring of Mango tv, the New Manswords Association revealed that in 21 years, the first-ever producer will start a real-life show, Chinese Producers, and the first-ever-discussed-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-a-kind, Lovers, and the first-ever comedian music challenge show, The Positive Singer, will be on the line.
2a. Mangotv started 57 highlights in 20 years around 12 video production teams and 30 strategic workshops of the New Man Plan.
Mangotv's full-line play was effectively aired by 34% over the same year, while the rest of the platforms fell by 7% - 21% respectively. The country's first network-connected monsoon theatre is expected to be on the line in May.
The short play will be in the form of a weekly Korean drama, expanding the user circle and stretching the pay cycle. According to Ye Eun, the most popular short show in the last three years, 20 years of Top10, is a short show with eight suspense shows on which the Mango tv monsoon theatre is expected to win.
In addition to this, the volume of corporate content will increase by 30% over 21 years, the amount of drama reserves will double over 20 years, and sufficient visual resources will pave the way for a sustained high growth in the number of users. To tap the space for value growth for users, copyright protection will create a healthy market environment.
To improve the value of arpu, the long video platform moves into a price-raising phase. The company innovates the model of a high-quality ip member making a special feature, a member's pre-screening, a single play payment, etc., to achieve an increase in its member's business and a steady increase in its membership's life cycle through a differentiated distribution of payees.
According to Ye Eun, in 20 years, Mangotv's top-of-the-line screenings reached 62.2%, which is more than all other platforms. After Aichi's increase in membership prices in November of 20 years, the official raised the price in April 21 and further boosted the price of the industry.
The Mango, by maintaining the platform of "Youth, Cities, Women," has created a number of hot doors, such as "She's Accelerator" and "Daughter's Love" and so on. Ye Eun's data shows that "She has great potential" and top10 "She's Acquaintment" has 115 co-operative brands.
Because the mangotv user image is more uniform (mostly young women, very strong consumer power) and matches with the target customers of the ad, the results of the project are more certain, so the Mongotv advertising income can still be guaranteed against the background of the budget of the short video split advertiser.
It's a big increase. It's a new record for "Sisters in the Wind" and it's more than 40 advertising clients, while "Happiness next stop" is a new high. Mango is trying to break through a more diverse set of dramas.
Listening to me, I have succeeded in attracting a group of male users, with male users of Mango's Monopoly stand playing a 124% preference (tgi), and the future monsoon theatre, which is dominated by suspense/realistic issues, is expected to expand the user circle. 3) Long video platforms have joined forces to resist abuse, and copyright protection is improving.
In recent days, 15 associations of the film industry have joined five parent video platforms, Mangotv, Tetsu video, and 53 film companies and 514 artists on the 9th of April.