Mango Supermax (300413) The Wolves Open the ceiling for male users, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center
Events: Wolfhunters, the company ' s monsoon project core, was launched on 21 May 2021 and are now fully accessible (over-the-counter coverage is required). According to the current market feedback, Wolfhunters are performing as expected and reflect the consistently high level of research and development of mangoes.
..Wolves meet expectations. From three points of view, Wolves are an excellent set product: 1) hits meet one-line standards. As of June 4, Wolves had a cumulative broadcast of 4.6 times, with a single broadcast of more than 50 million in eight, even at that level.
It's not as bad as this year's "Big Bounty": 2) In terms of cat eye heat, Wolf Hunter's overall heat has been more than 8,000, although it's slightly lower than the "Big Bounty" and "The Liver" of Accent, but considering the flow of mangotv platforms.
There are fewer tactiles and eccentric arts that can achieve more than 8,000 degrees of heat, which means that Wolfhunters already have a share in the heat, and that from the history of the past, the series can be evaluated at more than 7.5 points on bean petals, which is already a work of conscience, or at least a positive evaluation of the play by the whole of those who have fever.
The Wolves have a huge significance for mangos. The Wolves are no more than just a work product for mangoes, nor is it a sign of the flow or increase in their membership, but more important to the market.
So, the future growth elasticity of mango users comes from a very small number of male users, and the ability to make male-oriented content is the key to determining whether male users can be accessed. Wolves, a typical male-to-man production, has been successful in showing that mangos are capable of producing male-to-male productions.
1. Mango supermedia (300413), which gives you another dollar, 1.80 dollars, 2.07 dollars, which corresponds to 50 times, 38 times and 33 times.
The company user ceiling will be opened, with expectations of an increase in the previous period, and script killings leading to an increase in the company's overall value. 2. Mango supermixes (300413), factors such as quality content-driven high-achievement, we maintain a rating of the company's “buy-in” investment.
Long, q1 overperformance (2021-04-27) 3. Mango supermedia (300413): content advantage enabling performance, multi-operational development (2020-10-29)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.