Wheel tires (601058): Redevelopment and development of deep-cultivation, globalization, the company is the new leader of the country’s progeny, with a number of vertically consumed hinterlands. The company’s productive capacity has been expanding in recent years, leading business performance has continued to rise, generating 26 billion yuan in business income as of 2023, resulting in a net return of 3.1 billion yuan to its mother and growing into a domestic dragon.
The company has four major production bases in Qingdao, Shenyang, Dong-yeung, and Yu-yeon.
In 2023, the company produced an average capacity of 13.8 million steel tyres per year, 56 million steel tyres per year, and 175,000 tons of non-road tyres per year. Of these, Viet Nam III, the Cambodian project and the rural non-road fetuses project are in the process of climbing their capacity, and there is still room for real capacity to release them.
The company performed well in the first quarter of 2023 and 2024. During the current tyre expansion cycle, the amount of firm fixed assets and construction work in progress has grown steadily, and the ability to operate is commensurate with the expansion of assets.
In addition, the company’s Māori ratio is a national leader, with an internationally comparable global champion, at a cost of 3-15 percentage points lower than that of companies such as Pristom and Michelin over the past three years, and with excellent marketing management and cost control.
In anticipation of a continuation of the industry’s high profile, the country’s fetuses are expected to produce “circumstances” through the nationalization of the new energy-car industry chain. The demand for the entire world tyre market has grown steadily, and we expect that global sales of tyres will continue at an annual compound rate of about 2.73% by 2026.
Nationally produced tyres are expected to replicate the growth paths of Japanese prostate companies and to produce a "driver" through the national production of the new energy vehicle industry chain. We have counted more than 200 brands of new energy vehicles with higher sales in 2023, of which our tires have successfully matched nearly half of the new energy models with higher sales.
With the strengthening of the country’s fetal research and development, and the gradual improvement of product performance, we believe that, on the path to national production of tyres, domestically produced tyres are the first to replace the market share of middle-class car packages. Liquid gold + non-road tyres foster new dynamic energy.
Innovative-grade liquid gold tyres have been developed to solve the problems of the “demon triangle” that has plagued the industry for many years, which is difficult to reconcile in rolling tires, humid-slamping and grinding, with all kinds of performances comparable to those of shoulder-head brands in various evaluations and in- and out-of-country tests by specialized agencies. Currently, liquid gold materials are sufficient.
For non-road tyres, companies that have successfully developed 63 inches of large tyres, break the monopoly of technology abroad and increase core competitiveness with advanced global post-market services.
The company was the first to build a factory abroad and had the first two upgrades, and the prospect of “go to sea” development was wide-ranging: the tires of one of the overseas production bases (Viet Nam, Cambodia), the production base anchoring South-East Asian countries, with policies in place.
In addition, factories in Indonesia and Mexico were announced as one of the first domestic firms to set up a factory in both places. Indonesian factories were to build 3.6 million meridian tyres per year, 370,000 non-road tyres per year, and Mexican factories were to build 6 million steel tyres per year.
Expanding production capacity to Europe and the US, closer to the European and American consumer markets, more flexible marketing, and more manageable transport costs. The growth in performance caused by the expansion of overseas production capacity, as well as increased brand power supported by high R & D, cover the first time that a “buy-in” is being awarded to a new leader in domestic fertility, with both quality and volume increases accelerating growth.
The company was founded in 2002 and landed on the main board in 2011. The company was the first to build a factory abroad and first to have two overseas production bases (Viet Nam, Cambodia).
Proletary company, fully connected in 2013 with the first tires of the first overseas factory, continued deep-farming research and development for more than 10 years, now holding a core product, liquid gold tyres, and gradually becoming the new leader of the tyre company.
As of December 2023, the company owned 23.11% of the total direct and indirect shareholdings. The company's subsidiary companies, such as Qingjiang (Viet Nam), Xiyang (Shenyang), Xiyan (East Battalion), have made a number of arrangements for the company's production and foreign trade, both within and outside the country, and consumed the interior vertically.
In Viet Nam, Cambodia, etc., modern tyre production bases have been built, globalized, overseas production capacity is close to consumption, easy to manage market dynamics, lower transport costs and improve product competitiveness.
The average capacity of pcr/tbr/non-road tyres in 2023 was 34.5 million and 8.25 million tons, respectively; the overseas distribution of tons, of which Viet Nam III, the Cambodia project and the Farm Non-Royal Feticide Project were in the process of climbing and there was still room for real capacity to release. In addition, the company intends to establish a joint venture in Mexico to invest in the construction of 6 million semi-steel meridian wheels per year.
In Indonesia, it is proposed to invest 3.6 million meridian tyres and 37,000 tons of non-road tyres per year. 1.2. Business management is excellent, profits are expected to catch up with international leaders. Corporate profitability continues to increase, and production and sales are synchronized. In 2023, the company achieved business income of 25,978 million yuan.
Compared to +19 per cent, net return to the mother ' s profit of 3,091 million yuan, or 132 per cent, and performance in the context of demand recovery of 7,296 million in q1 in 2024.
The company is the first company in the country to build a tyre factory abroad, the first in Viet Nam.
In addition, in 2021, the Cambodian subsidiary was established and, in a favourable export environment, in 2023, the ring (Viet Nam) subsidiary achieved operating revenues of $7,233 million, net profits of $1,594 million, and the wheel (Cambodia) earned operating revenues of $2,332 million, net profits of $565 million and operating earnings of overseas affiliates.
36.82 per cent of the company ' s total income and 67.42 per cent of the company ' s total net profit. Figure 7 Sustained growth in operating income from overseas plants (in billions of yuan) Figure 8 Overseas plants contribute more than 60 per cent of the company ' s profits (in billions)
Māori is a leader in the industry, with high-quality returns from overseas operations. The company became a new global tyre manufacturing centre in the first quarter of 2023-2024, with a rising share of the global market, while a significantly higher Māori share of tyre exports than inward sales, and a higher share of exports brings high-quality returns to the company.
In terms of Māori, in 2023, the company is still in comparison with Pristom and Hantai.
There's a gap, which is similar to the one with the lead Michelin. We're talking about the management of the operating costs of the company at a Maori cut, and we can see that the company's operating profit rate is second only to that of the Han Tai tires, and the cost is significantly lower than that of the other companies, the cost of the wheel tires.
The scale of the assets has steadily expanded, and the ability to operate is matched by the expansion of assets. In the current cycle of the tyre industry, the amount of fixed and construction-in-progress assets of companies has steadily increased. With the expansion of operations, the turnover of the company’s inventory and assets has remained stable, as evidenced by its ability to manage additional assets. In addition, the company has been able to meet the ratio of cash to investment at 1.30 in the last five years, with self-financing.
The industrial landscape is expected to continue with the steady growth of the global tyre market, with our business markets rising and our cars growing at a steady rate. Tyres are an important complement to automobiles, tyre workers.
The world ' s automotive industry has been characterized by slower growth in developed countries ' markets over the past decade, such as Europe, North America, Japan, etc., while emerging markets such as China, India, Central Asia, South-East Asia, and Eastern Europe have a much broader space for development. According to the Oica, the country with the highest global motor output in 2023 was China, with 32%, followed by China.
In the top 10 countries, with the exception of Brazil, where production rose for the same year, for the second consecutive year, the global tyre market was more affected by the epidemic than the entire steel tire market. Since 2020, the tyre market as a whole has gone down, and in 2023 it was gradually repaired.
The annual market size reached 1,156 million, or more than 1,149 million in 2019, equal to the same. The semi-styrene market maintains a global semi-steed market structure of 15 (by type, millions, per cent) and a global total steel market structure of 16 (by type, millions, per cent)
In 2023, half-steam consumption in Europe was the first in Europe, and in China it was the first in China. In 2023, half-steam consumption in Europe was 454 million, accounting for 28.8 per cent of the global share, and it was the first in the world; in the first half of the year, North America and our consumption was the first in the world, with 29.4 per cent. On the one hand, there was a high demand for infrastructure and freight.
On the other hand, our population base is large, with passenger vehicle holdings and tyre replacement repair rates.
Figure 19 Global Auxiliary Market Structures (millions) Figure 20 Global Substitute Market Structures (millions)
The three companies, Szetom, Michelin and Stewardship, are the first echelons of the global tyre industry, whose market share fell from 54.94% in 1998 to 38.94% in 2022. The main representatives of domestic tyre manufacturers, such as rubber, ling and wheel tyres, are concentrated in the third echelons, and in recent years the Chinese tyre industry has been working on new materials, new formulations, new technologies, new processes, new structures.
Figure 21 Changes in the share of global fetuses in cr3 (%) and figure 22 (%) shows a change in the share of national fetuses in cr3 (%) and we predict that global tyre market sales will remain at about 1.25% ~ 4.17% compound increase by 2026.
In a pessimistic/neutral/optimistic context, we predict that global demand for tyre markets will reach, by 2026, the projected global market sales of tyres, respectively, as shown in table 3.
On the one hand, in the context of the transformation of chemical energy efficiency, higher carbon abatement requirements have been imposed on the production of tyres, and, on the other hand, low-end manufacturing is widespread in the early stages of tyre production, which requires the transformation of a healthy industrial structure through pressure on the production capacity that lags behind or technology.
Since the implementation of the “Three Affirmative” Action Programme (2021-2022) throughout the province, more than 27 million tyres have been eliminated from production, and 31.17 million have been shut down under the Programme.
In 2019-2023, there was a marked increase in the share of the country’s first-born companies, including semi-styrene tires, and a change in the share of the country’s first-born and second-styren cities.
Figure 24 Changes in the share of the country's first-born whole-bore market - part of the foreign capital stock has fallen in competitiveness and is gradually leaving the Chinese market. Compared to the consumption of half-bores, the whole-bore is more used for capital and real estate projects, and the production of materials is more visible. Thus, the current domestic consumption of whole steel is inclined to be durable.
Products with excellent milling performance and high value for money match the properties of the country’s homeborn. In recent years, the foreign share of the whole steel market has been gradually reduced, with the foreign giants of Pristom, Dunlop, and Yuko Hauma withdrawing from China’s whole steel market, while our head companies, on the basis of guaranteed market shares, are constantly upgrading the quality of their products and consolidating the country’s share advantage.
With regard to the global market for new energy vehicles, which is mainly concentrated in Central, United States and European regions. Global holdings in 2023 exceeded 40 million vehicles, an increase of 55 per cent over the previous year, more than five times as much as in 2019.
More than half of the world, with 58.7 per cent growth in 2023, far above the world average; by type, pure trams (bev) accounted for about 70 per cent, with the European market bev accounting for a lower share of nearly 60 per cent.
In 2023, China sold 9,495.2 million vehicles, an increase of 38 per cent compared to the previous year, with a penetration rate of 32 per cent. According to the Ministry of Information and Communications, based on current data and industry trends, the penetration rate of our new energy vehicles will be 10 years or more ahead of schedule.
In Europe, the markets for light and heavy vehicles have received widespread attention from car manufacturers, with heavy vehicles targeting around 40% in 2030, exceeding local government projections.
US heavy-duty car manufacturers have a slightly lower target than government forecasts, and key policies, such as investment in North American electric motor battery production, have yet to be translated into manufacturers’ business objectives. In 2022, groups such as Jili, UGC, North and I announced new strategic objectives that are highly consistent with government targets, reaching 62% penetration of light-duty electric vehicles in 2030.
New-energy cars are expected to continue to grow at a high rate. Based on the Chinese Air Association ' s 2024 forecast for the country ' s automobile market, and the long-term forecast by the evvolumes, our total vehicle sales will reach 31 million vehicles in 2024, an increase of 3 per cent over the same period.
In 2035, the country’s new energy engine, our home-grown tyres, is expected to accompany the new energy automobile industry to the world. Looking back at the history of Japan’s automobile industry, at the beginning of the twentieth century, when Japan’s auto industry began to develop, home-grown parts and components enterprises were able to strengthen their processes in tandem with automobiles and become fully competitive.
Three Japanese protégés are growing out of the powerful voice of the local auto industry. And now, in China’s nine-year history of new energy-source cars, automobile sales are the world’s number one and a growing manufacturing industry.
There are no major differences. The country’s tyre industry, based on increased innovation in research and development, is also expected to achieve a “draw-by-carrying” through the domesticization of the new energy vehicle industry chain.
We've managed to match up to half of the new energy vehicles with a higher sales volume. We've counted more than 200 brands of tires with a higher sales volume in 2023, most of which are equipped with Michelin, Pristom, solidity, horse tags, four global head brands; and two or three extra-tier tires with a large number of models, mostly year-rounded.
In 2023, the top 10 Bialdi dolphins, seagulls, Mitsubishi bingo, macro-light Mini, Hiroshima aiony, long Anluminium and so on were selected for use in the country.
We believe that domestically produced tyres already have a stronger advantage in the market for a class new energy vehicle. The market for a class car has a stable demand and a smaller brand flow, and the market is concentrated in traditional brands such as Biadi and Eian, while domestic fetuses are used as a companion tyre, stock market demand.
In the replacement market, the value for money is one of the most important factors for a class of car consumers, and the domestic production of tyres is more priced, and the market for tyre replacement is better. We believe that there are greater opportunities for national production in the middle-class car appliance market.
We need a combination of cost controls and performance requirements for the choice of middle-level tires. As we develop more and develop more and produce more, we believe that the first alternative to the middle-level car companion market on the path to national production of tyres is the possibility of replacing the middle-level car companion market.
Natural rubber prices stabilized after two peaks in 2011 and 2017, with a slight upward trend at the end of 2023, with price fluctuations ranging from $1.2 to $14,000 per ton. The price increases for raw materials were effectively transmitted downstream, with more than 50 rubber companies issuing price increases in February 2024 to date.
With the opening season of rubber in May, there has been a trend towards increased supply, and tyre manufacturers have been preponderantly stored in digestive reservoirs during the price increase, and we believe that rubber prices will continue to be stable throughout the year, with a slightly lower cost end, but not more profitable, but less volatile prices for other major raw materials. The main raw materials of tyres include natural rubber, synthetic rubber, carbon black, curtains.
For example, according to a feasibility study on the company's semi-steel project in Cambodia, the production of half a million tons of steel is consumed by the raw materials listed above, respectively, 28/32/35/6 tons. With the exception of natural rubber, the prices of the raw materials have been less volatile and their supply more stable for the last three years, and it is expected that shipping costs will rise from the beginning of the year or affect exports.
During the year, it was reduced to a historically low level in 2023, and the current increase in shipping costs has to a certain extent reduced the profits of enterprises' exports, but it is still significantly better than during periods of industry downturn.
3. High-intensity research and development to build up high-end product power and generate new dynamic energy for growth 3.1. Research and development to build foundations, market build-up and give brand value
Close collaboration with such institutions as Soft Control, Eviy, and the Qingdao University of Science and Technology to achieve a deeper convergence of production and research. In equipment, the Soft Holdings are the leading global provider of holistic solutions for tyre-smart manufacturing; in industrial research, the Ivid Rubber Research Institute and the National Oak Centre have international leadership in basic science and technology innovation; in talent development and academic research, and with Qing.
The University of Science and Technology is working closely together to unite the world’s first rubber-chain cloud and to promote digitalization. The company’s core product, liquid yellow, is a partner that ensures stability in the supply of raw materials and industrialization of cutting-edge technologies.
They have autonomous R & D capabilities and process development systems such as market research, product planning, rubber research and development, tyre structure design, product testing, etc.
The European Research and Development Centre (ERDC) of North American R&D Center (NARDC)
The Viet Nam Research and Development Centre applied the R & D management platform to digitize products throughout their life cycle, build ultra-high performance laboratories, product and technology-certificate industries, and build the China-East Smart Network Automobile Laboratory together with the one-air group.
The company, along with its latest products, has gone to Europe, North America, etc., to participate in the top global industry fairs, featuring the international tire show in Cologne, Germany, the Indonesian mining show, the international mining exhibition in Central Asia, Japan, the Yokohama truck show, and so on, expanding the international reach of brands; and the liquid gold tires campaign on Central TV.
In addition, the company became an official tyre partner for such famous events as cdb, the F4 formula China tournament, the largest car race in Korea, the cjSuperracegtclas.
The Cdb official partner in the 40th round of the Golden Map of the 39th liquid gold tyres.
Products are increasingly qualified and guaranteed access to local markets through global certification systems. Corporate products are better aligned with the needs of different countries through various certifications in nearly 21 countries/areas around the world, enabling products to perform optimally. Figure 41 corporate products are certified in nearly 21 countries/areas globally.
The Qingdao University of Science and Technology, China Telecom, Alidamau House, among other partners, went online in 2020. The platform was located in more than 3,200 suppliers, more than 2,000 distributors, and more than 90,000 shops.
Full interconnectivity between in-house operations and upstream and downstream enterprises has been achieved. At the manufacturing end, new smart factories can significantly reduce the debugging cycle for installation of equipment; in plant management, a system, a data set, a statement for all plants across the globe; and a remote equipment diagnostic support platform, which can be overseas.
Normal operation of the plant and steady upgrading of the production capacity to protect the escort. At the end of the channel, the “Collage Clouds” supports the delivery of one-stop service solutions, such as marketing models, supply chain optimization, for domestic and foreign distributors through strategic collaboration with mainstream software manufacturers in the industry, such as friends,cutters, housekeepers, etc.
The digital transformation of the full-chain, full-scale landscape has been upgraded to achieve online synergies between distributors and all of the stores they own. Consumer end can provide innovative services to different types of users.
It provides real-time services for birth temperature, tire pressure, and tracks; for ordinary car owners, access to safety alerts, rapid rescue, tire insurance, etc.
The value of corporate brands has increased rapidly in the form of intra- and downstream business operations. In recent years, our top tyre companies have continued to strengthen their research and development inputs, upgrade their product performance, build high-end brands, and match international top brands.
In 2023, the top 15 brands of the world’s most valuable tyres, we have two companies in the world, race tires, and track tires, driven by their liquid gold tyres, are the fastest growing brands on the list. Figure 432023, the top 15 brands of the world’s most valuable tyres.
3.2. Innovative products such as liquid gold tyres, enabling brand development 3.2.1.evec performance excellence and economic and social benefits
The four landmark innovations in the history of tyre development can be summarized as: 1) Dunlop in 1888 invented pneumatic tyres; 2) Michelin in 1946 invented meridian tyres; 3) Michelin “green tyres” successfully emerged in 1992; and 4) the Ivec technology was invented by the Ivey Rubber Institute in 2015.
Research and technological innovation for industrialization make an important contribution to improving the performance of domestically produced tyres. Companies break the Devil's Triangle, from imitation to innovation to industrialization, after more than a decade of research and huge financial and equipment support.
Multi-professional tests, all tests of tyres showing excellent heterogeneity — four of which were accompanied by a tuvmark certificate — were among the best achievements of the Chinese tyre industry in the world in the field of rubber tyres at the time.45 The liquid gold tyres have been on the ground for more than a decade.
Veec has successfully addressed the problem of the “demon triangle” that has plagued the industry with years of tyre rolling resistance, anti-wet-sliding performance, and incomparable milling performance. Green tyres appear to bring black white carbon into public view, with lower roll resistance, more humid-slipper resistance, and a certain level of grinding. However, the dry-smelting process they use is less fragmented, limited.
Material performance. Most of the performance of tyres with glue is related to the dispersion of fillings. Good filling micro-distribution of lacquers reduces the rolling resistance of tyres while increasing their anti-wetability; good filling macro-dispersement avoids the creation of stress concentration and improves the grinding performance of tyres.
The economic and social benefits of the evec tyres are prominent: 1) Low roll-back fuel saving: according to the assessment of the European Commission, when rolling resistance to limo tyres rises from e-level to a-level
At that time, the consumption of 100 km of fuel per bicycle could be reduced by about 0.36l, a significant difference. As early as 2017, the rolling resistance of wheelvec saloon tyres and the wetland capture were tested by the idida certification company as having reached levels A and B, respectively, and the current rolling resistance and wetland capture were already large enough to reach two-a-class racevec tyres.
The rolling drag of heavy tyres (including multiple-guided, driven, trailer tyres) on the market has reached level A. The price of oil is 7.46 yuan/l.
2) Wet resistance improves safety efficiency: at standard wet surfaces with a speed of 80 km/h, wetland catches are 3 m long from the braking of a class B tyres compared to a class A tyres; the braking distance of a class B tyres is 15 m shorter than a class E tyres. The evec tyre resistance can be certified through the European labelling code level a, with high-level anti-wet-slamp tyres.
Car safety has been significantly improved. Figure 47 Liquid gold sedan tires brake 7 m less than normal C tyre brake distance. Improved grindability: verc truck tyres increased by 10% compared to traditional tyres, and sedan tires were lifted
More than 30% rises, and the combination is a world leader. On the one hand, the increase in grindability increases the economics of tyres and, on the other hand, reduces the emission of fine particles into the atmosphere, with environmental benefits.
Liquid gold tyres have been fully applied to the brand lines of the company’s major flags. In the case of cars, the company’s four major brands, namely, wheels, black eagles, road poles, high-performance, and many other products, such as new energy sources, medium- and high-end passenger cars, have been introduced, with six models with distinctive advantages, in the areas of oil conservation, grinding, safety, comfort, etc.
The verc series of products has been tested successively by authoritative tripartite bodies abroad to increase the credibility of domestic and foreign markets. The German tüv süd group, the French bureauveritas laboratory, the United States smithers laboratory, etc. have all performed professional tests on the gold series of race wheels, such as the whole steel tires, which are the only whole-carried, driven tyres in the country.
In enterprises certified through tüvmark, the rolling resistance performance of their evec tyres is 50 per cent higher than the tüv standard; new tyres developed in response to North American market demand (tire 1) have been tested by the United States smithers laboratory and have shown remarkable resistance, performance and subjective comfort performance, and another is studying dry-land and wetland-movement properties (starting) of tyres (tire 2)
The starting speed is 97 km h-1 and rolling resistance is better than foreign branded tyres.
The results of the German tüvsüd group assessment are shown in figure 50 for the United States smithers laboratory, rounded with an evec tyre; round with an evec tyre 2; ... with a foreign front-line branda wheel.
Trails; -- foreign first-line brand b tyres; -- foreign first-line brand c tyres. Liquid gold tyres perform a good three-fold control, safety, and electricity in actual road surveys in the country. Pacific cars do 100 km acceleration, dry wetland brakes, elk tests, roll block testing,
High-speed power consumption, car noise, six-dimensional tests.
The country's engineering and machinery industry has grown in quality and robustly, driving demand for non-road tires. Since 2019, we have seen a significant increase in the volume of machinery sold and exported. With the recovery of demand from overseas markets and the implementation of the “one-way” policy, the country's mechanical and engineering markets have performed well. In 2023, exports of our major engineering and machinery products amounted to $13.4 billion, a year-on-year increase.
The size of the non-road tyre market is expected to grow steadily over the next few years. On the one hand, global infrastructure and mining developments have led to increased demand for engineering equipment, thereby driving demand for non-road tyres, and on the other hand, the mechanization of global agricultural activity.
Development has boosted the demand for agricultural tractors, thereby facilitating the market development of agricultural tractors ' otr tyres. Markets&markets predict that the market size of our non-road tyres will reach $11.4 billion in 2027, with a combined growth rate of 5.5 per cent over the last five years.
On the return side, non-road tires have a higher Māori rate and the higher the value added by the size of the giants. According to the annual Michilin report, the Māori rate of non-road tires over the rest of the year was significantly higher than that of whole steel and semi-steel plates, except in 2021, when the price of non-road tyres was affected by the rise in raw materials and the decline in the price of non-road tires.
The price of inch products is more than five times the price of 49 inches of products, so the mass production of large-sized giants becomes a breakthrough for national producers.
Companies have been successful in developing 63 inches of large tyres to break the monopoly of technology abroad. The national product of non-road tires is fast catching up with the international brand. The technical barriers to non-road tyres are higher than the other types of tyres, and are still dominated by the international tyre giants who have started earlier, with the three international brands, Michelin, Pristom, and the global share of solidity, accounting for 85%.
In recent years, however, domestic non-road tires have grown from the introduction of technology to the gradual formation of autonomous intellectual property rights, product technology and production capacity, to the production capacity of whole series product specifications. Companies with advanced global post-market services guarantees for non-road-carriage products have increased core competitiveness.
Non-road tire orders are custom-made and require steps like mine environmental assessment, information measurement, tyre programming, for example. Wheeler product plus maintenance and timp solutions, continuous monitoring of on-site conditions to increase product productivity and tyre longevity. For example, company ' s 53/80r63 products are used in the Sunny Black Trench.
The average time spent is 6510h, the average time spent is 8787h in Michelin, and 5843h in Pristom. Other manufacturers in the country currently have a real average of about 3,000h.
The company has a non-road tire brand, a wide range of products, and a combination of well-known national and international manufacturers of non-road equipment. Mace has provided support to a number of equipment manufacturers around the world, including large-scale mine offloaders, construction engineering machinery, agricultural tools, forestry machinery, etc., and has become the world’s largest non-road equipment producer, Caterpillar, and China’s large-scale architectural and engineering machinery.
High-quality suppliers such as Xu Xu Industries Group, Trinity Workers, North Heavy Group, etc. Non-road-bond clients are more sticky, and companies become long-term suppliers to cooperative groups through good custom services programmes and good product quality.
Accelerating the globalization strategy to support the continued expansion of overseas operations is the best way to balance market expansion and risk prevention, with companies having a pre-emptive “double back” squeeze and a major change in the structure of China's tyre exports.
In line with global market changes in tyres, the volume and volume of new refrigerated rubber tyres exported by 2014 have been rising, starting to decline in 2015, with 61.745 million new refrigerated rubber tyres exported by China increasing by 12 per cent in 2023, $21.377 billion in value and 13 per cent in volume, and exports seem to have been repaired. In fact, however, China exports of tyres have been repaired.
The structure has changed considerably, with our tyre export destinations having been dominated by the United States, Europe, now turning more towards Russia, South-East Asia, Africa, etc. Thailand, Viet Nam, Cambodia became the first sea factory site to be elected by Chinese tyre companies.
Since then, our tyre head businesses have opened overseas projects, and by 2023, Chinese tyre companies had more than 100 million production capacity in South-East Asia. According to Usitc, as of 2023, Thailand remained the first importer of United States tyres, with 56,2618,000 exports, an increase of 5.79 per cent over the previous year. In addition, Mexico,
In 2021, the company, which was the country’s first company to go out to sea, took the lead in Cambodia and announced in 2024 that Indonesia would continue to lead the industry out of the sea. More than a dozen tire companies in the country started to lay production bases in South-East Asia.
In the early years of the Western “double-in” policy, domestic firms were concentrated in Thailand, Viet Nam, and Viet Nam, in order to counter tariff increases. Since 2021, however, the United States Department of Commerce has announced anti-dumping and counter-subsidization decisions for the imported vehicle and light truck tyres from South Korea, Thailand, and Taiwan.
China’s enterprises are moving from Thailand to Viet Nam, following policy changes. South-East Asian countries have multiple advantages in terms of policy support and low cost: 1) Western countries and regions offer South-East Asian countries, especially Cambodia, Viet Nam, and other countries, more favourable bilaterals than China.
As one of the least developed countries in the world, Cambodia has not yet been hampered by trade barriers such as developed countries’ “double-negative” trade barriers. Twenty-eight developed countries/areas, such as the United States, Europe, Japan, etc., have granted the Cambodian Generalized System of Preferences (gsp). In addition, as a member of ASEAN, Cambodia has added
China-ASEAN self-trade zones have been fully built, offering strategic opportunities for Chinese firms to enter ASEAN countries. In addition, ASEAN is about to establish self-trade zones with South Korea, Japan, India, New Zealand, and Australia.
2) The advantages of investment are “one-way.” Under the “one-way” initiative, Cambodia has a number of policies whereby enterprises investing in the economic zone of China and Cambodia are entitled to income tax, customs, etc.
In the lead industry, tyre enterprises are located in the factory area and can also achieve the industrial chain of tyres for co-development with upstream and downstream links such as molding, skeleton materials, etc. Humans. Listed for national distribution in December 2017
9 years of concessions; exemption from gains if profit is used for reinvestment
4. Value-added tax (VAT) rates for imported production equipment, construction materials, etc. are considered to be the provincial offshore trade and economic cooperation zones in Shandong Province. 0 per cent; raw materials serve industries in export markets, VAT taxes
1. Production equipment, building materials, spare parts used by enterprises to invest in construction plants
(b) Co-development of Cambodian enterprises in the Preyno district of Siha Nuk Province, Cambodia.
Sihanouk, Cambodia, double-star tyres. Port district master plan area 11.13 squared.
3. Profit for reinvestment is exempt from income tax;
4. Exports of products are exempt from export taxes; industries such as housekeeping, fine chemicals, etc. 5. Foreign exchange funds are freely accessible without foreign exchange controls;
3) Actively absorbing external investment and cooperating closely with China. According to a report issued by the Cambodian Development Council (cdc) in 2024, the Cambodian Development Council approved 268 investment projects for the entire year 2023, with a total agreed investment of approximately $4.9 billion, which represents a significant increase of 22% over the 2022 period.
The figure is 248, or about 93 per cent of the total number of investment projects, or about 46 per cent of the total. Most of the investment comes from China, accounting for 66 per cent of the total. In addition, the Government of Thailand has introduced eight-year tax-free periods, multiple tax exemptions and preferential import duties, including reductions in machinery produced for export, import duties on raw materials and other non-tax incentives, which have helped to reduce tax revenues.
4) Rich labour resources and lower labour costs. In Cambodia, for example, more than 60% of Cambodia's 16 million people are under 35 years of age, Cambodia has a labour force participation rate of 80% and a large young and active workforce. Employment in the second and third industries has increased 1.6 times since 2008. In addition, Cambodia is also employed in Asia.
One of the most competitive countries, according to cdc, Cambodia has a minimum monthly wage of $192.66 Cambodia ' s population structure 5) South-East Asia is rich in rubber resources. South-East Asia is the world ' s largest producer of natural rubber, including Thai.
The country is the world’s largest producer and exporter of natural rubber, accounting for more than 30 per cent of global production, and countries such as Viet Nam and Cambodia have developed very rapidly in recent years, and production and global share have continued to rise. As a rubber consumer, our natural rubber imports in 2022 were as dependent as 90 per cent, and as of November 2023 we imported 6271 million tons of natural rubber into Thailand.
As a labour-intensive industry, the construction of tyre production lines in large rubber-producing countries can achieve reasonable savings in the import duties and transport costs of natural rubber, thereby significantly reducing the cost of raw materials and further magnifying the advantages of raw material production in countries in South-East Asia.
4.2. The two rounds of vertical consumption, expanding the global layout The path to globalization of the production and distribution of capacity is almost the first experience of all tyre giants to grow. As early as the middle of the twentieth century, tyre giants such as Michelin began to expand their overseas production capacity in order to reduce the operating costs of overseas markets and to match the demand for farm tires in overseas markets.
In 2022, the world ' s top 12 tire companies, with their overseas production capacity layouts, were well-known brands such as Michelin, Pristom, and Bendrum, which had developed power in some parts of Asia, were exploring the globalization of production capacity.
Learning from overseas leaders to “localize” the sea. A review of the history of the globalization of Michelin shows that “localize” is the best way to increase the value-added of overseas factories, i.e. through the process of localizing production, products and r&d and localizing marketing; on the other hand, targeting more mature markets in Europe and America and emerging Asia and the Pacific.
In Europe and the United States, business and marketing channels have been expanded through mergers and acquisitions of mature companies, while in emerging markets, China, for example, has set up service centres to bind services and products, later adopting the straight-up + association model.
The scale of overseas revenues has increased significantly after the South-East Asian production and energy distribution. Our earlier-placed enterprises, such as sengrons, wheel tires, nearly doubled in the following year’s overseas harvest, and the earlier the placement, the higher the momentum for business follow-up.
In our view, the second round of plant construction can still bring about a new increase in overseas markets and a sustained expansion in the scale of overseas operations by enabling enterprises. Figure 71 shows the income of our tyre companies abroad (millions of yuan).
The country’s tyre head anchors the strategic layout of globalization and is gradually expanding overseas. With the participation of such enterprises as race wheel tyres, linquine tyres, and strontium, a second round of seaboarding has been launched, extending production capacity to Europe and America, Africa, South Asia, and so on, targeting markets dominated by Europe and the United States.
The second round of sea trips is closer to the consumer markets of Europe and the United States, with more flexible marketing and more manageable transport costs. On the one hand, new construction areas have not been affected by double-reverse tariff rates, and, on the other hand, direct procurement and transportation of raw materials from local sources can significantly reduce the risk of lower raw materials, transport costs, and rising shipping costs.
1) Production projection: The company owns four main bases in Qingdao, Tungbang, Shenyang, Kwan-yuan, and Viet Nam and Cambodia abroad, with an average capacity of 13.8 million steel tires per year, 56 million steel tyres per year and 175,000 tons per year of non-road tyres per year in 2023.
In addition, plans are under way to build bases in Mexico, Indonesia, Dong Tong and Cambodia II and III. According to company announcements and 2) the start rate is forecast: taking into account the flexible market-planned specifications of the plant’s actual output product, the repair of the production line and the construction of the production line.
Low-season factors, with an estimated rate of 70 to 90 per cent for all steel, semi-styren, and non-road tyres, with capacity, can reach more than 90 per cent. 3) Profit projections: We believe that the main raw materials of tyres are currently on the upward trend, but they are still in the long run.
The historical position, and the rise in prices for corporate products, will cover the effects of the rise in raw materials, in addition to increasing the share of high-performance products sold as companies increase their R & D capacity, contributing to the growth of the M & A product. 1) Investment destination policy environment risks.
Differences may create uncertainty about the actual operation of the project. (2) The risk of price fluctuations in raw materials. Prices of the main raw materials of tyres have fluctuated in recent years, with product price adjustments lagging behind, or difficulties in covering the cost implications of rising raw materials prices in a timely manner.
3. Global market competition risks. The global tyre industry’s leading brands, such as Priston, Michelin, and solidity, have a higher share of international markets, and there is an urgent need for continued excellence in our tyre industry in competing with international brands.
No direct or indirect relationship exists between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report and the analysis and judgement of the individual researchers at the time the present report was produced, and does not represent the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates.
If the law allows, the company’s associates may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be offering or seeking to present them.