Wheel tires (601058.sh): Liquid gold, giants up for competitiveness, global layout leading the future e-mail: zhoubingying@tpyzq.com
The country's tyre industry is leading the country, with its full product, and has accelerated the global layout — the company's productive and profitable capacity is at the forefront of the country's tyre industry, which currently has modern tire production bases in Qingdao, Dongbang, Shenyang, Yuya and overseas Viet Nam and Cambodia, and is expanding to Mexico and Indonesia.
The company plans to build the production capacity of 26 million full steel meridian tyres, 103 million semi-steel meridian tyres, and 447,000 tons of non-road tyres per year. With the construction of projects in Cambodia II, Mexico, Indonesia, and Qingdao, the capacity of the company will expand further.
• In 2022-2023, the company introduced new products such as erangeev, new energyev, and luxury driving. The company's end price of `liquid gold' tyres is higher for international first-line brands of tyres such as Michelin, and the help company has high-end products. • For non-road tyres, the company has 49-63 inches of technology for the production of giant products, and the product has entered about 70% of China's large mining market.
According to the company’s 2023 report, the company’s average real capacity to produce 173,000 tons, and the arrival of new projects will increase the company’s performance. The company’s multi-dimensional branding value, its intelligent manufacturing efficiency, and its ability to create brands through media placements, participation in international fairs, sponsorship of sports events, and social public goods, will continuously enhance the corporate brand’s influence in the global market.
The company has continuously upgraded its product-making skills, launched the “Acorn Cloud” industrial Internet platform, and achieved full interconnectivity between business operations and upstream and downstream links, as well as an optimal global allocation of industrial chain resources.
The company's “liquid gold” tyres, driven together with non-road tyres, would benefit fully from the expansion of the tyre market and its growing characteristics. It is expected to be established in 2002 and put on the market in the main market in 2011. The company is mainly engaged in research and development, production and marketing of tyre products. In 2009, it started research and development, production and marketing of tyre recycling-related products, and in 2014, it began trading tyres.
There are modern tyre production bases in Viet Nam, Cambodia, etc., overseas, and have expanded to Mexico and Indonesia. Chart 1: Corporate development history, real control of the owner, Jin Xueyue (6.83%), and long-term stability in the equity structure.
Lower-stream companies, such as test sites, to promote the flow of industrial chains and to guarantee the supply of raw materials. Chart 2: Corporate equity structure (as of the first quarter of 2024). Corporate ownership is the development, production and sale of tyre products. The main products are semi-steel meridian tyres, all-steel meridian tyres, non-road tyres, retreaded tyres, tires
Artificial glues, glues, wires, tyre replacements, retreading of used tyres, regenerative rubber manufacturing, steel production. There are a wide range of applications in the areas of cars, light load vehicles, buses, cargo vehicles, engineering machinery, and special vehicles.
Medium- and long-range durability series, short- and short-range durability series, medium- and long-range load series, short- and medium-range load series, industrial mine series, light-card series, winter predominantly used for large passenger vehicles, cargo-car packages and replacement of whole steel tires
Fetal series, etc., used mainly for tyres on mines, docks, loadings, etc., and non-road tires for non-road, construction, material handling and forestry purposes
The wheel tyres were established in 2002 as a model scientific research base for the National Research Centre for Rubber and Tyre Engineering, and landed on the main board market in 2011. They are the country ' s first-ever tyre company to operate a offshore factory.
Business income - same ratio (right axis) 1.5 acceleration of global layout, with a clear contribution of overseas revenue • The company has a production base in Vietnam, Cambodia, etc., which creates a cost advantage in terms of labour and raw materials. 9 million semi-steel meridian tyres in Cambodia are currently under construction.
In October 2023, a new investment was made in the construction of 6 million semi-steel meridian tyres per year in Cambodian factories, and in January 2024 an additional 6 million steel meridian tyres per year with the completion of the construction of which the Cambodian plant will have the capacity to produce 21 million and a half steel meridian tyres and 1.65 million full steel meridian tires per year; in December 2023, the company proposed to establish a joint venture in Mexico to invest in the construction of 6 million semi-steel meridian tyres per year; in March 2024, the company proposed to establish a joint venture for the construction of a 6 million meridian tyres per year.
Investment in Indonesia to build an annual production of 3.6 million meridian tyres and 37,000 tons of non-road tyres. In 2023, the company ' s share of overseas sales increased to 74.16 per cent, while the Māori rate for overseas operations was 30.78 per cent.
Research and development inputs include liquid gold tyres, mega-engineering midday births, etc.
1.7 Company sales and the Māori rate are at the top of the list of companies in 2022, with $3.294 billion in round tire sales and the second largest in the country ' s tyre market.In terms of Māori rates, China ' s tyre businesses fell in profit between 2021 and 2022 owing to the economic downturn and fluctuations in shipping costs during the period 2021-2022.
Since mid-March 2024, tyre companies have shown a strong willingness to increase prices, both because of higher rubber prices and higher energy consumption costs as raw materials, resulting in higher production costs. More than one tyre company issued price letters in 2024 to transmit the cost pressures on the end of the raw materials.
1.8 The pace of corporate globalization has accelerated, overseas projects have been well under way, and overseas base expansion and brand internationalization have become the main routes for companies to develop in the coming years in order to avoid tariff effects. South-East Asian countries, such as Thailand, Cambodia, Viet Nam and Malaysia, are less affected by the United States backlash and are less labour-intensive, and are well supplied with raw materials, making them an important option for tire companies to “go out”.
The group’s overseas base has been steadily moving forward, with projects completed in Viet Nam and Cambodia and under construction in Cambodia in phase II. The company also plans new projects in Indonesia and Mexico. 1.9 The company’s overseas profits are at the top of the list, and the company has performed well as the leader in the overseas layout.
During the year, the rates were 31.16 per cent for wheel tyres, 35.97 per cent for Lyndium tyres and 34.64 per cent for Senorium, all of which peaked in history. In 2021, as the tyre industry went down and the United States implemented a “double-reverse” policy for South-East Asia, the profits of the Thai base of Linglong and Senor were significantly lower owing to relatively high tax rates in Thailand, while the company grew in reverse by relying on base profits in Viet Nam. By 2023, the gross profits of three companies and the gross rate of Mori had increased significantly, with the wheel tires rising.
Top. In 2023, the company ' s gross profits abroad amounted to $5.93 billion, with a Māori rate of 30.78 per cent.
• The company’s South-East Asia base enjoys tax benefits, the race-round Vietnamese factory has no anti-dumping duties, and the race-cycle Cambodia has no double backs. A favourable tax policy benefits the development of the company’s overseas operations.
Figure 16: Compared tax policies for companies based in South-East Asia with the favourable position of 1.11 in the Mexican region of Indonesia: 10,000 semi-steel meridian tyres, with a total investment of $24 million in the project, the construction cycle is expected to be 12 months. In March 2024, the company plans to invest in construction in Indonesia to produce 3 million semi-steels per year.
Line tyres, 600,000 full steel meridian tyres and 37,000 tons of non-road tyres. Total investment in the project was $251 million, with a construction cycle expected for 21 months.
• The company currently has a total design capacity of 26 million full steel tires, with an average annual actual capacity of 13.8 million full steel tyres, 56 million half steel tyres and 173,000 tons of non-road tyres.
Currently, more than 90 per cent of the domestic market for non-road tyres is occupied by foreign brands such as Michi Lin and Priston, where non-road tyres are the most promising wheels for import substitution.
The company’s current non-road tyre production plan highlights the firm’s determination to replace non-road tyre imports. The company has now established two major foreign companies, Viet Nam and Cambodia.
Base. According to the construction projects under way, 12 million semi-steel expansions from overseas Cambodian bases can be rapidly advanced, and new plants have been planned in both Mexico and Indonesia to further advance the world.
The strategic layout for the construction of 3 million semi-steel meridian tyres per year, 600,000 steel meridian tyres per year, and 37,000 tons of non-road tyres for the period 2024-2025 in Nisia, India.
With new bases and projects coming into operation, companies are expected to take a step towards opening up the high growth space of globalization. 2.1 Accompaniment and replacement market sales are on the rise, and there is greater room for replacement.
A total of 1,573 million global sales of vehicle tyres were achieved in 2023, of which 417 million were achieved in supporting markets and 1,156 million in replacement markets, accounting for 26.5 per cent and 73.5 per cent, respectively, and 212 million in 2023, of which 47 million in supporting markets and 165 million in replacement markets, accounting for 22.1 per cent and 77.9 per cent respectively.
Figure 20: Global dismantling of vehicle tyre market structures (2015-2023)  Auxiliary market  replacement market 2.2 The global tyre market is dominated by Asia and Europe and North America, and the Chinese tyre market is growing rapidly
The global tyre market was dominated by Asia, North America and Europe. In 2023, the global tyre market consumed 1,723 million articles, with Asia accounting for 32 per cent of the total; Europe for 27 per cent; North America, Central America for 24 per cent; Africa, India, the Middle East for 11 per cent; and South America for 6 per cent. The global car-backed tyre market, with global market consumption of 417 million articles in 2023, grew by 9 per cent compared with 9 per cent in 2023, with Europe growing by 11 per cent, North America by 9 per cent and China by 9 per cent.
In 2023, the global market consumed 1,156 million tyres, which was the same as in the previous period, with a 4 per cent decline in Europe, a stabilization in North America, an increase in China • in 2023, the global market consumed 26 million tyres in commercial car apparel, a 1 per cent increase in the same year, with Europe growing by 5 per cent, North America declining by 4 per cent and China rising by 27 per cent. In 2023, the global market consumed 123 million tyres, a 5 per cent decline in the same year, with Europe falling by 7 per cent, North America by 15 per cent and China by 9 per cent.
2.3 The commercial car market has recovered steadily, growing by 22.24 per cent in 2023 in the same year. In 2023, we sold a total of 26,063,000 vehicles by car, an increase of 10.6 per cent in the same year. The previous period was affected by the epidemic and by regional “locking restrictions”, as well as by the strain on the supply of car chips and the six-car switching pattern in the five countries, and the volume of commercial car sales declined in 2023.
In 2023, commercial car sales rose by 22.24 per cent in comparison with a steady recovery in the commercial car market.2.4 In 2023, the rapid growth of new energy vehicles contributed to the growth of domestic fetuses.2.4 According to the Chinese Air Association, in 2023, the volume of new energy vehicles sold in the country was 9.495,000, an increase of 37.9 per cent over the same period, and the market occupancy rate stood at 31.6 per cent as at the end of 2023.
As the cost advantage of new energy vehicles becomes increasingly apparent, and the global market for new energy vehicles is growing, space will be created for the appliance and replacement of tyres. Internationally renowned tire brands in the area of new energy cars have less influence than conventional fuel trucks, leaving market gaps for autonomous tire brands.
The tyre industry has brought about a change. The market for replacement of new-energy car tires is expected to grow rapidly as new-energy vehicle holdings continue to grow.2.5 The country’s vehicle holdings continue to grow, there is wide scope for alternative market development.
Automobile production and holdings determine the size of tyre production. In the early stages of development, vehicle holdings were low, and demand for tyres was mainly affected by vehicle production; As holdings gradually increased, demand for tyre replacements over and above matching demand became an important factor affecting the tyre industry.
The total volume of cars sold in the country will exceed 31 million, an increase of more than 3 per cent over the same period. Of these, 26.8 million were sold in passenger cars, an increase of 3 per cent over the same period; 4.2 million were sold in commercial vehicles, an increase of 4 per cent over the same year.
• In terms of global market patterns of competition, the first echelons of the global tyre industry include Pristom, Michelin, solidity; the second echelons include continental groups, friend-in-friend rubber, center rubber, etc.; the third echelons include Linglong, Apollo, wheels, etc. A small number of tire businesses are in the second echelons, most of them in the third echelon and the fourth echelon.
Michelin, Pristom, solid. Second Platoon: Continental Group, Friends,
Bendler, Han Tae, Yuko Hauma, Nakatumi, Jung-Jung, 3rd Plateau: Togyang, Wheel, Apollo, mrf, Gatong,
Jinhu, Linglong, Niksen, jk, Nok, Titan International, 4th Platoon: other tyre production companies 2.7 Our tyre industry is growing and the value of Linglong and the racer brands is increasing
In 2023, the top-value tyre branding lists were the first to the tenth, except for four or five, which were almost identical to the previous year, namely, Michelin, Pristom, German horse, solidity, Dunlop, Benjik, Han Tai, Yuko Hauma, Tonyo and Quaito. • Linglong tyres have been on the top list for four consecutive years, of which the top-value tyre brands for two consecutive years, in 2020 and 2021, were ranked 12th in 2023. The Chinese branding wheel is Brand.
The fastest-growing brand of tyres in finance, with a 6 per cent increase in brand value compared to the previous year, ranked 11 in 2023.
The shift in the global tyre industry to the Asian region has made our country the world’s largest producer and major exporter of tyre trade since 2006. In recent years, the number of Chinese mainland enterprises entering the world’s 75 largest tyre enterprises has increased from 29 in 2015 to 32 in 2023, and the number of Chinese firms entering the top 15 from 2 in 2017 to 3 in 2023.
Head tyre businesses are gradually gaining strength, with the ring group selling $3.294 billion in 2022, 12 places worldwide, and Linglong tires selling 2,465 million dollars in 2022, 17th place globally. As our head tyre companies continue to improve overseas, improve quality and intelligence manufacturing, and the rapid development of new energy vehicles leads to higher brands, domestic fetuses are becoming more competitive, and global market share is expected to increase further.
2.9 The production of tyres has increased and the rate of start-up has risen. In 2023, the national production of rubber tyres was 862 million, a 17.6 per cent increase in the same year. In 2015-2023, the country experienced a trend of fluctuations in the production of rubber tyres; production declined from 2016 to 2018; production of rubber tyres recovered from 2019; production declined from early 2020, as a result of the cessation of the epidemic.
After 2014, the rate of start-up in the tyre industry has remained at 70% overall. Since 2020, the rate of start-up in the industry, affected by the impact of the epidemic, has dropped to a low of about 43%, and the rate of start-up in the industry has risen rapidly in the second half of the year as domestic control measures have been phased out and domestic and foreign demand recovered.
As at 7 June 2024, the rate of full steel tires was 60.91%, and the rate of semi-stylish tires was 60.5%. Rubber: Natural rubber and synthetic rubber together account for 50% of raw material costs and are an important factor in the cost of tyres. Rubber prices have been historically low and volatile in recent years.
The price of towed rubber rose. On 7 June 2024, the latest offer for butene rubber was $1525/t and the latest offer for natural rubber was $15,300/t. Anti-aging agents and boosters: the market price trends were similar but varied, mainly influenced by raw materials such as upstream amphetamine, acetone and downstream start-up rates since 2024, while the prices for rubber assistants had been stable since 7 June 2024, respectively, for boosters (cz) and anti-aging agents (25,700 ton).
Figure 39: Prices of rubber assistives (advanced agents and boosters) - 2.11 carbon black prices, low prices of steel-based carbon blacks: on the demand side, the application of carbon blacks is widespread, and the demand for carbon blacks continues to thrive in downstream industries such as rubber, plastics, ink, paints, paper, etc.; on the supply side,
The supply of raw kerosene is scarce, especially since the start of high-temperature kerosene after the spring season, and the combination of factors has led to a recovery in the price of carbon black. On 7 June 2024, the latest price for carbon black was $8016 per tonne.
Obviously. The offer was $3892 per ton as at 7 June 2024. 2.12 Export shipping charges returned to normal, with a recent increase. Export shipping charges gradually declined from a high point in 2022, and Chinese exports started to rise significantly from low peaks at the end of 2023. As at 7 June 2024, China was in a state of emergency.
The export container index ccfi is 1592.57 points; the Shanghai export container transport price index scfi is 3184.87 points; the main destination for domestic tyre exports is the European Union and the United States. As a result of the Red Sea events, freight charges on the US-West and US-East routes rose in early 2024. On 7 June 2024, US-West and US-East routes, the latest data on European routes were reported at 1248.37 points, 1366.64 points and 2337.51 points, respectively.
The new "liquid gold" material (evec glue) was prepared by a team led by Dr. Wang Monjing, using an autonomous and innovative "combined rubber liquid mix" technique. This technology changed completely to the rubber industry’s long-standing mix of rubber and filling physics, which is a major original innovation in the industry.
In order to meet the demand for technological innovation in the whole-industry chain of rubber tyres, a national research platform, such as the National Research Centre for Rubber and Tyre Engineering, the National Engineering Experiment Centre for Advanced Equipment and Critical Materials for Tyres, the National Centre for Local Joint Engineering Research for the Application of Huge Engineering Midgets and New Materials, was established by the Wheels Group and the Qingdao University of Technology. 3.2 Liquid gold was excellent in performance, breaking the Devil's Triangle.
"Liquid gold" tyres have excellent performance, breaking the law of the "demon triangle." The Devil Triangle means that tyres cannot simultaneously meet the three indicators of improved tyre rolling resistance, dampness, and grinding performance. "Liquid gold" tyres are currently the only tyres capable of breaking the Devil's triangle and performing well in all its aspects, with great competition.
In 2022, liquid gold tyres developed by the company were tested by international authorities such as tüvsüd, autobild, and ifv. Four of the tyre products were accompanied by a tüvmark certificate, which was a landmark breakthrough in the world in the field of rubber tyres.
At the top of the EU labeling scale aa, truck tyres are currently the only products in the country that meet the CMC Tire Tire Tire Tire Tire Tire Tire Tire Tire Tire Level 3a. The test performance of the vehicle tyres atrezzozsr2 and atrezzoelite products exceeds competitions and demonstrates the full technical advantages of liquid gold.
Chart 46: Comparison of traditional tyres, green tires, liquid gold performance
White carbon black liquid gold gold 111 (class a/b) gold %110 (class a) %103% liquid gold business continues to progress and new material projects are well under way.
• The company's liquid gold business has been steadily moving forward, with a booster-backed vehicle model performing better performances. In the fourth quarter of 2021, the wheels first launched a series of liquid gold tires, a passenger bus product. In June 2022, the company launched a series of liquid gold tyres in the country, targeting the domestic market, mainly for safety and comfort, energy-saving and high-end sports, and sold simultaneously on the Skycat platform. In November 2022, the liquid gold on the electric car tires series, “erangeev”, was the world's premier in Las Vegas, United States.
In February 2023, the company launched a new series of four series of liquid gold-car tires at the front door of the domestic line to cover the current high-end mainstream of the market. • The company plans to produce 500,000 tons of new functional materials annually. The company invested $2.3 billion in the construction of 500,000 tons/year of liquid gold as a raw material functional item to integrate the gel ringing.
Figure 48: Figure 48: Prices of gold tires for wheels match international cards, and profit space is expected to increase
Companies are positioned in high-end product lines, with price systems targeting international front-line tire brands, such as Michelin and Pristom. By acquiring multiple brands of automobiles, the final price of tyres is compared to the price of “liquid gold” tyres, which is close to a single foreign brand.
Figure 49: Wheeling Liquid Gold Products Series 3.5 Company Non-Royal Tyres are all types, giants break through the technical barriers of industry - Non-Road Tyres, ortr tyres, apply to agriculture, construction, mines and other industrial uses. According to the tyre commercial network, the world currently has about 30 billion non-road tire market spaces per year.
Because of the special nature of the application scenario, these tyres have to be adapted to a variety of extreme environmental and use conditions. The company has now developed a complete system of non-road tyre manufacturing techniques, involving agricultural tyres, tires for construction, forestry tyres, industrial tyres, mine tyres, and underground mining tyres, which meet the needs of different industries and scenarios. By size, non-road tyres can be divided into small- and medium-sized tyres and giant tires.
By 2022, the proportion of the three international giants in the global market had exceeded 85%. The entire steel giant industry started late, subject to the international giant’s restrictions on manufacturing technology, and is developing relatively slowly.
In 2009, the company began to develop giant tyres with a complete series of 49-63 inches of product specifications. Production techniques gradually narrowed the gap between the three major international brands. In 2023, the company made technical changes to the Qingdao plant non-road tyre project, which, when completed, resulted in the production of 49 inches of large non-road tyres and above.
3.6 The market for non-road tyres is vast, and downstream applications are largely on the rise. According to the Disaerch study, the global market for non-road tyres shows a steady expansion in size. The global market for non-road tyres was 60.530 billion yuan in 2023, and is expected to reach 79.740 billion yuan in 2030, with a compound annual growth rate of 4.02 per cent in 2023-2030. North America is the largest.
With regard to downstream applications, our capacity utilization in the mining sector has remained at a high level in recent years. As of March 2024, the capacity utilization rate in the mining sector stood at 75.01 per cent. At the same time, the construction industry has been largely growing steadily, with a contract value of 35.6 trillion yuan in 2023.
Figure 52: Energy utilization in China ' s mining industry - China: Energy utilization: Mining industry: 3.7 companies ' non-road tyre production capacity continues to be released during the current season, and giant infestations enter large mines
• The company's non-road tyre production capacity is constantly being released, and there is a convergence of domestic and foreign sources. On the domestic front, the company Qingjia has already produced 56,000 tons of non-road tyres, the base of the mill is 100,000 tons of non-road tyres and the factory is under construction; on the foreign side, the Vietnamese factory has 60,000 tons of non-roads and Indonesia's 37,000 tons is expected to be built in 2025. In addition, the company works with several world-class testing centres (e.g., tuv in Munich, Germany) with state-of-the-art laboratories to ensure the first-rate performance of its special products.
A large limestone mine in the country achieves 15,000-hour single-born and 137460-km of a “long-time machine”, exceeding the 6,500-hour run-time of a normal non-road-based mine in the market, significantly reducing the cost of running a single-kilometre mine. • The company’s non-road tyre downstream kit is gradually being improved, with giant products entering about 70% of China’s large-scale mining market. The company is the world’s largest engineering machine and mine equipment provider.
One of the three major tyre-packing suppliers of the manufacturer, Caterpillar, has entered China’s large mining market of about 70 per cent of its products and has become an apparel supplier for four major engineering and machinery manufacturers in the country. The company has set up the MacGeorge brand for a variety of exhibitions, such as the International Mining Fair in Central Asia and the Indonesian Mining Fair. The company’s non-road tire products have been successfully introduced into the three largest domestic engineering and mechanical companies, such as the Trinity Worker, the Zairevo Heavy Worker, and a list of many well-known engineering and mechanical suppliers abroad, such as Caterpillar and John Dir.
3.8 The giants have a high profit margin, a large profit margin of 10,000 yuan per ton, and a net postnatal interest rate of 23.7 per cent, compared to the Haiyan rubber giant product, with a 49-inch price of 5.23 million yuan/bar, a total steel giant hair interest rate of 53.45 per cent in January-June 2023 and a large profit margin for the giants.
Figure 56: Sea-Ann rubber giant prices (millions of dollars/bars) and Māori ratio Figure 57: Investment returns on corporate giant products 4.1 Innovative brand dissemination, based on multimedia marketing
In October 2022, the company's liquid gold tires campaign landed on a number of channels on central television and aired at prime times such as the News magazine News 30, further raising the company's brand profile and influence. In March 2023, the company organized the “Go to the Mountain Sea” - a pilot test drive of the liquid gold tyres. The event was selected by the owner of Teslamodel3, who not only deepened through the event.
The company also took an active part in the fdj competition, the lead car challenge, the cdb Beijing station, etc., and won prizes such as the fdj winning champions, the cdb Beijing station champions. In March 2023, the company became the official cdb tyre partner for the 2023 season, providing a high-performance tyre product for the exclusive competition; in April 2023, the company became the champion.
The company's brand value has been rising since 2017, when the country's biggest car race, “cjsuperracegtclas”, was first selected as the “China's 500 most valuable brands ranking”.
In 2023, China ' s 500 most valuable brands were ranked, with companies worth 80,572 million yuan in 2023, a 17.51 per cent increase from the previous year, ranked 116th, up from 2017, with 4.3 leading to the intellectualization of the tyre industry and accelerating the green transformation. Companies are actively promoting the intellectualization, digital transformation and transformation of the tyre industry, guided by the National Industrial Internet Innovation Development Strategy.
The construction of an industrial Internet marker to decipher secondary nodes, and the promotion of national dcmm national standard pilots, have made a positive contribution to the digital upgrading and high-quality development of the rubber tyre industrial chain. At the same time, companies have been recognized for deep cultivation and exploration in the field of digitalization and intelligent manufacturing, and have succeeded in becoming the first rubber tyre industry to enter the country’s “digital pilot” industry, a demonstration factory for the production of rubber tyres, published by the National Ministry of Industry and Communications.
During the reporting period, the company gained the title of “national green factory” and was included in the list of “green manufacturing in 2022” of the Ministry of National Trade and Communications. The company's “Traft Smart Plant Green Chemical Modification Project” was selected as the top ten best cases of green conversion in 2022.
Figure 64: Racer glitter "6.15 China Green Tyre Safety Week" Chart 63: "Agle Chain Clouds" industrial Internet platform map 4.4 explores new marketing models based on user primacy
On the one hand, the company proposes an integrated production and marketing strategy, exploring new models for the development of the integration of producers and markets. The company conducts training in various market regions, invites distributors and retailers to visit the company on the ground to exchange and organize multiple distributor exchanges, and works with the distributors to create a new, win-win partnership platform. On the other hand, the company actively explores an online, coordinated and integrated development model to better equip users through technological and service innovation and to jointly provide more professional home-grown services and services to users.
Individualized products meet end-user needs. The company has 49-63 inches of technology for the production of a whole series of giant products, entering about 70% of China’s large mining markets.
Whole value chain for sales, after-sales services to provide users with safer products, better quality experiences and more satisfactory services.
• The company plans to build the production capacity of 26 million full steel meridian tyres, 103 million semi-steel meridian tyres, and 447,000 tons of non-road tyres per year. With the gradual arrival of projects in Cambodia II, Mexico, Indonesia, and Qingdao, the company’s capacity and capacity utilization will continue to increase and its performance will increase.
• Lack of progress in the completion of the project as a result of the expected risks;
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is 915.30007557165982d.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.