In 23 years, net profit from maternity increased by 132.07 per cent, and high-intensity R & D built high-end product power sailunggroup
The company achieved business income of $25,978 million in 2023, a year-on-year increase.
Weirongsun • The growth in revenue and profits in 2023 was mainly due to the apparent recovery of domestic demand for tyres markets, and the increasing use of the company ' s productive capacity and its productive capacity. 1) Sub-business revenue shows the company ' s tyre products, trade in tyres
The company continued to promote priority projects. 1) In 2023, the All-Steel Project at the Far East factory was put into operation, while the entire steel, semi-steel and non-road products of the three-phased project in Viet Nam are now being produced and the capacity of the company continues to increase. 2) In October 2023 and January 2024, the new construction of the factory in Cambodia brought about a total of 12 million new annual output.
3) In December 2023, the company, through a joint venture established in Mexico, invested in the construction of 6 million semi-steel meridian tyres per year. 4) In March 2024, the company proposed to invest in the construction of 3.6 million meridian tyres and 37,000 tons of non-road tyres per year in India.
• High-intensity research and development of high-end products to foster new dynamic growth. 1) The company has successfully developed “liquid gold tyres.” At the end of the raw materials, an average of one liquid gold truck tire and car tire can be reduced by approximately 36 kg CO2 emissions and 8 kg; at the stage of tyre manufacturing, an average of 1 card is produced
The tires and car tires can reduce energy consumption by 37.2 to 6.1 per cent, respectively; at the end of use, an average of 1 liquid yellow gold truck bus tires and car tires can reduce energy consumption by 4 per cent or more, respectively, and new energy using liquid gold tyres can increase the flow of cars by 5 to 10 per cent.) The company has worked deep in the area of non-road tyres for many years, with product specifications.
Full-scale and high-quality projects have established systems for the development, manufacture and marketing of products such as giants, small- and medium-sizeds, agricultural and solids.