Cruise tires (601058.sh) Basic chemicals team, a tire tap that's going a long way, looking for innovative breakthroughs.
Stability: a competitive advantage based on comprehensive product planning and forward-looking overseas layouts. Within seven years of its establishment, the company completed a product layout of half steel + full steel + non-road (including giants), with rich and comprehensive products falling while meeting the needs of more clients
Market value (RMB): $17.06 is lower than the risk posed by the changing landscape of the industry. As the first home country to build a factory abroad, the company now owns two major overseas bases in Vietnam and Cambodia, and pays back.
Two new bases in Indonesia and Mexico, Viet Nam, for the U.S. export of used tires, 1. Race tire company rating: planning for Indonesian factories, global layout continued with a double counter-tax rate of 6.23 per cent, other overseas bases zero, overall export duties are lower and operational
At the operational level, we look at the company's performance in 2. Race tire companies: performance is higher than expected, plus Cambodia's solidity.
Stock and cost management have also been optimized, while minimizing non-business gains and losses, such as exchange rates, with performance implications of 2024.1.30.
"Roll tire company rating: high performance, continued strength of overseas bases, strong performance resilience and improved performance elasticity at the time of warming, growth: adequate capacity planning to meet demand quickly, in the context of high industry climates.
Create brand value through the promotion of "liquid gold" products. The tyre industry has a wide and relatively stable market space, and the price ratio of domestically produced tyres has been highlighted in the context of a decline in consumption, showing a move towards global substitution, leading to an increase in global market share, core raw material rubber.
Prices are still relatively low, and subsequent prices are expected to run better in the weak tyre industry, with semi-steed steel and 12,460,000 tons of non-road tires, as domestic base skills change, and production uphills in overseas Vietnam and Cambodia, as well as in Indonesia and Mexico.
Ten thousand whole steel tyres, 77 million half steel tyres and 297,000 tons of non-road tyres will continue to grow as new products are released and product structure is optimized. Companies also promote the entry of liquid yellow and gold tyres into high-end markets, increasing single-child prices while creating brand premiums.
Profit predictions, valuations and ratings Both have strong competitive advantages and growth, and the brand value of folding liquid gold tyres is currently relatively low and still gives a “buy-in” rating.
Significant price fluctuations for raw materials; lower-than-expected releases of new production capacity; frictions in international trade; less-than-anticipated expansion of gold tyres; significant fluctuations in shipping costs; exchange rate fluctuations; security risks; and improved access to services by sweeps.
I. Over-cycle, where does performance stability come from? 1.1 Overall planning to meet client diversity needs
The company quickly completed its full product layout in a relatively short period of time, with a wide range of product demand broken down. The company was established in 2002 with a relatively late start-up and a relatively short development history, and in December 2003, the first owner of a tyre was gradually entering the industrial production phase, with the company's first all-styling test-up and semi-styres in 2006.
At the midday stage of production practice, the company completed the layout of the main products in the tyre industry within four years of their establishment, creating a better product system. In terms of the breakdown, the first all-steam test made in 2009 led to a further deepening of the company's layout in the area of non-road tyres, with a comprehensive and rich product layout also allowing the public to use it.
Global demand for tyres as a whole is relatively stable, and the sales of semi-steeds are larger. The demand for semi-steeds and vehicle holdings, as well as travel, are more correlated with the global demand for semi-steeds for the period 2013-2017, depending on the application landscape of different products.
After 2020, taking into account the gradual decline in demand for travel, the global half-time sales of steel fell by 11 to 1.39 billion on a year-on-year basis and were repaired simultaneously in the last two years with the resumption of sales; the full-scale steel kit was used mainly for transportation and transportation.
In terms of infrastructure, demand has remained stable at around 220 million since 2015. The global tyre market is structured so that in 2023, 1.570 billion steel tires were sold, while the total steel tires were sold at 210 million, and the share of the half steel tires was 88%. At the end of the application, the whole steel tires had a stronger tool properties, and the half steel had a stronger consumption properties, compared to the other.
The value-added advantage of branded overseas tyres is clear, resulting in smoother import substitution for whole steel tires, a relatively slow pace of import substitution for semi-stales that are more brand-oriented, but greater room for future substitution. Corporate product distribution structures and industry demand are consistently distributed, and overall sales have increased steadily.
Of the 3,971 million, 43.9 million in 2022, 33.93 million were sold, or 77 per cent of the total; 9.66 million, or 22 per cent of the total, were sold; and 310,000 non-road tyres were sold.
The largest enterprises, with half a billion steel tires, fell from 51% in 2019 to 40% in 2022, and the whole steel tires increased from 41% in 2019 to 47% in 2022.
The relevance of the search is high; full-bore-backed commercial vehicles are related to transport and infrastructure needs; non-road tyres are broadly linked to downstream demand in areas such as construction, agriculture and mining; and enterprises that have been able to maintain better performance stability by achieving full multi-product layout, taking into account that end demand varies over time.
Figure 3: Corporate sales of tyre products as a whole have increased steadily (millions) Figure 4: Corporate income from semi-stores has fallen somewhat, company income from semi-stoves has increased steadily and is more profitable. Global demand for live tires has been on the base since 2016.
It was maintained at more than 1.5 billion, falling only gradually to 1.39 billion in 2020, and the company's semi-store sales continued to improve in the second half of the year, surpassing the highest level of work in the last few years, and with the return of the industry, it is expected that sales from the heating company will continue to grow.
The increase in the sale of whole steel has led to a sustained improvement in income, with a marked increase in the share of the market. Given the relative strength of the tool properties of the whole steel tire, consumers are more sensitive to prices, home-grown tyres have been able to capture their share of the foreign market faster by virtue of their value for money advantage. In recent years, as overseas firms have withdrawn from the whole steel business in China, so has the sales of the country's produce.
There has been a significant increase in the sales of the company ' s entire steel tires, from 5.92 million in 2019 to 9.66 million in 2022, with a compound rate of 20% and a relatively high level of profitability compared to that of its counterparts.
The rapid growth of non-road tyre revenues is accompanied by continued structural optimization and better profitability, leading to higher corporate performance. Over 10,000 have gone up to 310,000 in 2022, with a compound increase of 21% in three years, from 1.1 billion yuan in 2019 to $8,894. Competition patterns are relatively good, with the higher threshold of non-road tyres being manufactured, with product surpluses.
The profitability is also relatively high, the company ' s Māori rate for non-road tyres has fluctuated at around 35 per cent, starting in 2022, and with the growth of end demand and the optimization of market patterns in some parts of the world, the non-road tyre plates have become intermittent and inadequate, and the company has taken a better share of the market with the overall product layout and the technological advantages of years of deep cultivation, resulting in a better share of the market.
Rapid growth in their own performance was achieved, with the Māori share of non-road tyres also rising from 2019 to 2019. Figure 13: Companies' non-road birth income (billion yuan). Figure 14: Companies' non-road tire sales unit prices have continued to rise
Figure 15: The company ' s Māori non-road tires have a relatively better pattern of the non-road tyres and a large national production replacement space, and the company ' s products have a more competitive edge. As a segmented area of the tyre industry, the whole steel giants have high technical barriers and high customer stickyness, depending on their characteristics.
Data from the March 2024 Haiyan rubber offer show that giants are now largely monopolized by international tyre giants such as Michelin, Pristom, and solids, with a global market share of more than 85% of the world’s three major brands. The advantage of our tyre firms over overseas firms’ products is mainly in terms of value for money and services.
Inner firms, where products are well-tailored and relatively large in terms of capacity, the main ones are race wheel tyres, seaam rubber, and triangulation tyres. Large fetuses are expensive and profitable, and are expected to continue to increase as companies optimize the structure of non-road plate products. According to the MSC data, giants (49 inches in diameter and above) are mainly found.
At 49 inches, 51 inches, 57 inches and 63 inches, the unit price of the product varies considerably according to size, around 10,000 yuan/bars, and in recent years there has been a pattern of oversupply with the continuous growth of downstream demand. The Māori rate for giants has risen to over 50% as of the first half of 2023.
With the completion of the retrenchment of the road tires, the capacity of the giant tires can be raised to 60,000 tons, and the price and profitability of the company ' s non-road plates will be significantly increased in the future as the capacity of the giant tires continues to grow.
Asia is the core consumer market for the entire steel tire, and Europe and America are the main consumer markets for the semi-styrene. There are differences in the consumer markets for different products. The whole steel market is more demanding in the global market because of the size of the country’s downstream infrastructure and the need for heavy engineering vehicles.
The demand for whole steel is expected to be sustained, and there is room for improvement in demand in regions such as Africa; half steel demand remains dominant in Europe and the United States, with 54% of consumption in Europe and North America and 17% in China in 2023. Given the larger sales of half steel, demand in Europe and America is important in the tyre market.
It is still high, and therefore the export of tyres is an imperative route for home-grown producers. The export dependence of our tyre industry is high, with a “double-reverse” policy affecting the country’s exports to the US falling significantly.
Global tyre consumption stood at 1.79 billion in 2023, with 18 per cent of our tyre production increasing by 860 million in the same year, representing 48 per cent of global tyre sales and the largest tyre producer in the world. Between 2014 and 2020, our tyre exports hovered almost 500 million, starting in 2021 to disrupt global supply chains in a variety of emergencies.
Against the background of the upward trend of downscaling consumption, the country’s export of tyres has grown more sharply, with exports back to 620 million in 2023, accounting for 72% of our total tyre production. In terms of export structure, the United States market is of greater importance to our tyre industry, and our tyres are exported to the United States by 2015.
The share has been maintained at 20 per cent, with a high “double counter-tax” imposed by the United States on some Chinese tyres starting in 2015, and, with the effect of a double counter-tax, our exports of tyres to the United States have begun to decline steadily, from 96.5 million in 2014 to 33.91 million in 2023, and the share of our exports of tyres has also decreased from 20 per cent to 5.5 per cent.
Figure 22: The export dependence of our tyre industry is high Figure 23: The volume and share of tyres exported to the United States has declined Figure 24: Double tax levied by the United States on a number of countries and regions
Through forward-looking offshore bases, companies are actively responding to the “double-reverse” policies imposed on Chinese tyres by important tyre-consuming markets, such as Europe and the United States. From the perspective of overseas markets, such as Europe and the United States, a “double-reverse” policy has been followed to optimize local markets, while overall sales prices of products have recovered, and in this context they have entered high sales in the European and American markets.
In response to changes in trade policy, domestic tyre companies have been able to avoid risks by setting up overseas factories, and most of the early firms have chosen the South-East Asian region, which is closer to the rubber production of the core raw materials, which has also set the stage for the subsequent expansion of the “double-in” policy coverage in the United States. The company is the first overseas plant to build.
After choosing Viet Nam as its first overseas base, several enterprises chose to build plants in Thailand, which is relatively more economically advanced, but in 2020-2021, the initial and final Thai base enterprises received a double counter-tax rate of 14.62-21.09 per cent and the company’s factory tax rate in Viet Nam was only 6.23 per cent, so the first-instance rate was implemented.
With a relatively low-tax base, the export advantage of the product has been highlighted. With the increased coverage of the United States “double-reverse” policy, businesses have also begun to lay out other overseas bases, companies have again quickly laid Cambodia’s base, which is very close to Viet Nam’s base and has a zero-double-rate advantage, and in 2021, they have been able to do so.
The offshore two-base fast-tracking company has achieved sound growth in overseas operations. At the same time, the company, as a leading company, has begun to pursue its globalization strategy, and two new bases have been planned for Indonesia and Mexico, with both the number of bases abroad and the comprehensiveness of their layout leading the same business.
The company’s performance as a leading company in South-East Asia has been stable as the base continues to grow. From the process of moving domestic tires out of the seaboard, race tires, lily tires, and sorghums have been out of the seaboard earlier, and with the uphilling of overseas bases, several companies’ performance as overseas subsidiaries have been shown by 2020.
In a steady growth trend, the company's base income in Viet Nam rose from 790 million yuan in 2015 to 5.03 billion yuan in 2020, and its net profit also rose from 53.6 billion yuan to 1.36 billion yuan, with net interest rates reaching 27 per cent; in 2020, the flat tires and the sauna were added to the U.S. implementation of the South-East Asian “double-reverse” policy, due to relatively high tax rates in Thailand.
The decline in income and profits of the Thai base in Linglong and Senang was more pronounced, while the company’s base income in Viet Nam grew in reverse, rising by 22.5 to 7.45 billion yuan a year in 2022, and the net profit rose back to $1.09 billion. In terms of profitability, it was previously due to relatively good infrastructure in Thailand and more favourable corporate income tax.
In Viet Nam, where plant profitability was slightly lower than in Thailand, the net interest rate of several enterprises recovered to over 18 per cent in the first half of 2023, while the Cambodian base, where the company started operating in 2021, also achieved better profits, with operating income of 830 million yuan in the first half of 2023, net profit of 140 million yuan and net interest rate of 16.4 per cent.
There is a greater profitability in overseas markets, and companies have gained overall profitability based on comprehensive product planning and forward-looking overseas layouts. Compared to the domestic and foreign profitability of our marketed companies, it can be seen that the domestic market has a Māori ratio in the industry.
In the context of intense competition, most of the decline in shocks has occurred; overseas profits, except for Guizhou, which supported the Māori rate for nearly two years because of the profitability of the projectiles, were the first to set up overseas bases.
Growing up, the company ' s overseas revenues continued to lead its counterparts, rising to 74 per cent in the first half of 2023, followed only by the sorghum in the domestic business, with the profit side rising as the overseas Māori market continued to rise, and the company ' s overall Māori ratio rebounded rapidly, reaching 24 per cent in the first half of 2023, with the Māori sales significantly ahead of the other rounds.
Figure 29: Companies' overseas market revenues are significantly ahead of their counterparts (millions of yuan) Figure 30: Companies' overseas market revenues are higher than their counterparts Figure 31: Companies' overseas market Māori rates are relatively higher
1.3 The robustness of operations and the use of a variety of tools to counter non-operational gains and losses The demand side has been affected by stock-taking in overseas markets and the fall in domestic market demand, while the cost side of raw materials has risen while shipping costs have surged, adding to the South-East Asian base that has been affected by the United States policy of double-optimism has led to some business income and a combination of business income.
In contrast to the strong performance resilience of the corporate sector, when the industry as a whole was experiencing a decline, income levels continued to grow at a high rate while net profits remained relatively stable, rising from $15.1 billion to $21.9 billion during the period 2019-2022, with a 13% compound increase in 3 years for the same industry.
Entering the fastest-growing enterprises. The net profits of profit-making firms fluctuated at a relatively small rate, with companies having achieved a return of $1.49 billion in 2020 and remaining at over $1.3 billion between 2021 and 2022, reflecting the fact that corporate performance had also begun to be fully repaired, with companies relying on their own comprehensive product planning and offshore two-base layouts, on one side.
The rapid growth in the area of segmentation thanks to the advantages of non-road tyres and, on the other hand, the upward performance of the company as a leader in the industry as a result of the performance of the base in Cambodia have also been driven by the relatively smooth growth of the company's operating income over time.
Figure 35: The company’s net return profits are rising rapidly (millions of yuan) Operational management capacity is excellent, with emphasis on marketing channels while reducing efficiency gains. In terms of inventory management, the company’s turnover rate to commercial tires is relatively high, and thus the inventory turnover rate of tyres in Guizhou is also relatively good, and the company’s reserves are relatively good.
The turnover rate is at the middle-level of the industry. In cost management, companies pay more attention to the end of the sales, with sales rates of around 4 per cent in recent years, which are relatively high among their counterparts; management rates are located in the industry, slightly lower than in Guizhou, where the tires and lily tires are located.
Figure 39: Corporate sales costs are relatively high relative to those of the same industry Figure 40: Corporate management costs are relatively low and non-operational gains and losses are small in size and change, allowing for a better representation of its own business performance.
Larger inflows and higher numbers of overseas affiliates, with significant fluctuations in exchange rates affecting external sales operations, raw materials settled in foreign currencies, procurement costs, foreign currency assets and foreign currency liabilities, etc., so companies closely monitor foreign exchange movements and minimize foreign exchange inflows by adjusting settlement conditions with upstream and downstream enterprises and adopting foreign exchange risk avoidance methods such as forward remittances.
The risk of volatility, compared with the relatively small share of corporate exchange gains and losses, which account for the earnings of overseas operations, is kept at a relatively low level, at ~1%. At the same time, the size and proportion of non-operational gains and losses of companies are also relatively small, reflecting the company’s dedicated and robust character.
In view of the future, Global Layout + Technological Innovation has shaped the path towards a reasonable pace of expansion of 2.1, with high-profile performance elasticity, the company has the advantage of size, and the expansion of capacity has begun to accelerate.
Yu Linglong tyres have also increased rapidly in recent years as the company ' s total tyre capacity has been continuously released from overseas bases, rising from 4.62 million in 2019 to 64 million in 2022, with a compound growth rate of 11.5 per cent in three years, the fastest expansion of production among several listed companies.
Although there has been a decline in the company ' s capacity utilization, sales have performed well, but they have rebounded against a high base, and the company ' s productivity has begun to be reflected in the production of 420.2 million tyres in the first three quarters of 2023, compared with the previous figure 47: a steady increase in the total sales of company tyres (millions)
Accompanied market demand has recovered in tandem with the automotive sector, and replacement market demand has stabilized and our country still has potential. The demand for tyre appliance markets depends on annual vehicle production, the global consumption of ancillary tyres fell rapidly to 405 million in 2020, and the recovery of demand for industrial production began in 2021-2023, and in 2023.
Overall demand has returned to 465 million, and, given the current stability of the global automobile market, annual vehicle production is expected to remain relatively stable in the future, so the tyre-backed stock market is biased. In our market, automobile production has shown a bottom-up trend for the last two years, with a total annual increase of 3,011 million vehicles in 2023, a year-on-year increase.
10.8%, or 32.2% of total global production, and with the recovery of downstream industries, matching market demand has been synchronized. Global tyre consumption is dominated by the replacement market. In contrast to the global market, the Chinese automobile and tyre industries start late, the end-use markets are less mature than in the Euro-American region, and the automobile industry chains of recent years have gradually moved home.
The shift also led to a significant structural difference between China’s tyre market and international markets such as Europe and America. In 2023, China’s tyre replacement market was only 53%, well below 74% of the global average. Our car holdings grew at a compound rate of 7% in almost five years, and our vehicle holdings grew by 5.3% in 2023 to 336 million vehicles, considering me.
Per capita vehicle holdings in the country are still low, and in the medium and long term the market capacity for tyre replacement is expected to continue to expand.
Figure 52: Steady growth in our vehicle holdings (millions of vehicles) Figure 51: Our demand for replacement markets remains low
As a result of port congestion such as dock operations, freight charges continued to rise in the second half of 2020 in the context of high sea traffic tensions, rising sharply in 2021 and falling steadily after reaching their historic highs in 2022. The continued increase in shipping costs affected the price of our tyre products and discouraged customers from purchasing, thus selling and profiting overseas.
As the capacity began to recover in the second half of 2022, shipping costs gradually began to return to normal, but the surge in shipping costs in the context of the high stock build-up occurred very quickly after the arrival of a large amount of marine stocks in the previous period, and the purchasing power of the distributors was suppressed. As shipping officially returned to normal, the build-up of overseas stocks began in 2023, after several months.
After consumption, industrial orders have begun to recover, and the country’s tire business abroad has returned to prosperity. Since this year, shipping costs have risen again as a result of the events in the Red Sea, but the impact has been much smaller than once in the region, and the impact has been more limited, as events eased and some of the transport routes have changed.
The cost of a tyre business is largely composed of raw materials, labour, energy, depreciation of equipment, and other costs, with raw materials generally accounting for more than 70%. Natural and synthetic rubber account for the highest proportion of raw materials, and therefore the price of rubber fluctuates for tyre businesses.
Production costs have had a significant impact. In 2021, the rubber price continued to rise, as did the tyre company ' s Maori rate, due to a combination of bad weather and higher crude oil prices. Rubber prices have begun to decline since 2022, with the current rubber price base rising in 2023 as downstream demand continued to rise to the bottom of good raw material prices.
The volatility of the area of $1.3 to $14,000 per ton, taking into account the relative weakness of the power of the industry ' s own supply and demand constraints, which support the continued rise in the price of rubber, and the fact that, in this year ' s context of better demand in the industry, the prices of tyres at the end of the firm can be better transmitted and thus continue to maintain the current industry ' s better levels of profitability.
The company currently has four major factories in Qingdao, Shenyang, Dong-bang, and Yu-bang, with two major production bases in Viet Nam and Cambodia abroad, while the global distribution of production capacity continues to expand. As of 2022, the company had all steel, 10,000 and a half steel and 523 million engineering tires under construction.
The Eastern Camp and Shenyang factories were largely technologically expanded and completed in 2023, while the mills were mainly building non-road tyre production capacity, and the Dong Jiu factory was still planning to move forward; the overseas Vietnamese factory fund-raising project for 3 million semi-steel units, 1 million full-time steel units and 50,000 tons of non-road tyres was delayed from March 2024 to March 2025.
The entire steel and part of the semi-steel production capacity of the Cambodian factory is still on the slope, with an additional 12 million semi-steel expansion projects expected to take place between 2024 and 2025, in addition to the Indonesian and Mexican factories that are still being planned.
The globalization strategy is continuing, and the company will significantly increase its corporate performance when overseas bases are put into operation. The company currently has two major overseas bases in Viet Nam and Cambodia, and construction continues on three projects in Viet Nam and two to three in Cambodia, including Cambodia, where one project in Cambodia is on a continuous slope after delivery in 2021, and Viet Nam, as a result of three projects in Viet Nam.
Some of the manufacturers ' equipment delivery cycles are expected to be extended beyond March 2025; Cambodia ' s construction week for phase 2-3 projects is 16 months and is expected to continue during the period 2024-2025; and Indonesia and Mexico have two new base projects for 600,000 full steel, 3 million half steel and 40,000 non-road tires, with a total investment of 1.77 billion yuan in construction week
Ten thousand and a half steel tires, with a total investment of $1.7 billion, and a 12-month construction cycle, are expected to generate $1.56 billion in post-partum earnings. Companies have made multi-point placements abroad, better circumventing related policy risks by going out to sea.
The former South-East Asian region, mainly Thailand and Viet Nam, was subject to double counter-taxes by the United States, although Thailand has reduced double-tax rates, but the whole steel counter-tax case is still at first instance at risk of being taxed; only 6.23 per cent of the company's overseas bases have countervailing duties in Viet Nam, while none of the other bases have been subject to double-taxes, and there is a clear competitive advantage in exports.
2.3 The innovation of tyre enterprises is a key factor in determining the performance and quality of tyres through “liquid gold”. The basic functions of tyres include, inter alia, carrying, buffering, acceleration/ brakes, and switching, which depend primarily on the mechanics of the tyres themselves.
Centuries of Incomprehension: The Characteristic Design of Tyres and the Related Definitions and Data in the Vehicle (Up), 80% of the vehicle's direction's strength and rectangularity is achieved, i.e., its path is directed to carrying, vertical acceleration and brake power, side direction and rectangularity when it is turned. The four tyres that are attached to the vehicle provide the force and tectonics and their reasonable combinations for use in the four mark areas.
Households require a wide range of performances for vehicles, such as safety, comfort and durability, manipulation, pleasure in driving, economy of driving, etc. There are therefore significant differences in the performance of different vehicles for tyres. Advances in vehicle technology and increasing demand for automobile consumption also place higher requirements on the design and technical level of tyres.
“Little gold” technology is expected to lead a new round of technological innovation. According to The Technological Advancement of Tyres and Branding Strategies (up), there are four landmark technological innovations in the industrial development of tyres that have had a significant impact on automobile performance to date, namely, tilted gas turbines, tires, meridian tyres, green tyres, and “liquid gold” technologies, with midday tyres and green tyre techniques.
The technology comes from Michelin, and Michelin relies on its powerful innovative capabilities, which, on the one hand, have contributed significantly to the improvement and breakthrough of motor energy, and, on the other hand, has been at the forefront of technology in the fierce market competition in the tyre industry. It is worth noting that the "liquid gold" technology, which was born in 2015, was developed by the Chinese Ivyi Rubber Research Institute.
The verc glue, made of synthetic rubber liquid-skinning techniques, broke the traditional classic grinding theory in the field of rubber materials (the slashing theory proposed by German and Polish scientists in 1966, the magic grinding theory proposed by Malaysian and British scientists in 1978) and completely broke the law of the “demon triangle” that had plagued the world's tyre industry for many years.
The international tyre technology in Europe, praised as “liquidgold,” has been successfully applied and launched, which means that our rubber tyre technology and research and development capabilities are moving closer to world-class standards. In 2015, the Ivyi Rubber Research Institute in China invented the “liquid gold” tyre technology.
The “liquid gold” technology is the only technological innovation in China that has completed basic research and industrialization in the four milestones of tyre development. In keeping with the innovation-driven development strategy, “liquid gold” is a core product.
Body gold truck tires and car tires can reduce carbon dioxide emissions by about 36 kg, 8 kg, respectively: at the tyre production stage, an average truck tire can be produced, and car tires can reduce energy consumption by 37.2% and 36.1%, respectively; at the end of use, an average of 1 liquid gold truck passenger and car tires can reduce energy consumption by 4% and more than 3%, respectively, using liquid yellow.
At the same time, the market recognition of corporate products continues to rise, and according to a race wheel tire announcement, in February 2023, the company launched a new series of liquids, limousine, city-driven and ultra-performance-based, four series of gold-car tires in the interior of the country.
Liquid gold tyres can support better performance in a car-type and provide a stronger technical support for companies to move into the appliance market. With the volume of company products from liquid gold tyres being sold, they are also better in the appliance market.
Breaking through, the recently developed high-end express delivery model, ecvt model, Wootung, high-end express, logistics, trunk-line transport-to-trailer t680e and t5 light-cards, both of which are uniquely fitted with liquid gold tyres. The matching effect was well recognized by clients, and the company participated in East Fenghua in 2023.
Cars “919 leading technology launches” and awarded the “Technology Innovation Contribution Award”; Trinity with liquid gold tires, the Tower 1165 electric weight card successfully achieved more than 800 km of a charge, breaking the semi-recorded electric truck single-time record of driving the longest-distance Guinness world record.
Plus-type packages, this time as liquid gold new energyev series 215/60r17, 215/55r18, are specially designed for the development and roll-out of new energy vehicle models at the global upper and middle end, capable of meeting the diverse needs of vehicle users for renewal, grinding, silence, safety, control, etc., and overall upgrading of the driver's driving experience.
"Little gold" products are high-end, price-to-priced. Compared to end-market prices, the price of liquid gold tyres is very close to the price of first-line brands, much higher than the price of the company's ordinary products and other domestically produced tyres, and increases in single-born profits can be achieved by increasing product prices while cutting into high-end markets.
Long. The “liquid gold” tyres are now focused on promoting sales in the carriage tires market, which, on the one hand, can continue to increase brand visibility through matching pull-on substitution with Biadi, and, on the other hand, by giving the market a relatively large margin of profit, which makes the distributors more motivated to promote the product. In the future, with the “liquid gold”
Companies have increased their investment in brand marketing and increased brand visibility through a variety of channels. Tyres have consumer-goods properties and brand visibility is one of the core competitive features of tyre enterprises.
From around 60 million dollars per year for the period 2015-2018 to 165 million yuan in 2022, the Division of Advertising Costs has been actively involved in such world-famous car racing as fia, idc, dcgp, Rim Talali, passing branding. God: Underground screen advertising for “liquid gold” tyres has also been carried out on 13 subway lines in Guangzhou.
With the completion of the profit forecast and investment proposal, 20 million new production capacity in the factory are still being planned; 3 million new production capacity in the expansion of the factory in Viet Nam and 6 million new production capacity in the plant in Mexico are planned to become operational in the period 2024-2025.
2 All steel tires: the capacity of the factory in Qingdao, the domestic base, could be increased from 3.2 million to 3.5 million, and that of Shenyang plant could be increased from 4.5 million to 5 million, both of which were to be expanded in 2023, with 10 million new capacity in the factory still planned: 1 million additional capacity in the factory in Viet Nam abroad is expected to be 2025.
3 Non-road tyres: Both Qingdao and Qingdao factories in the country are in a state of climbing capacity, and the Dong Jiaguchi project is still in the process of being planned; 40,000 tons of plants are under construction in Viet Nam abroad in 2023, while 40,000 tons of new capacity are expected to be built in Indonesia in 2024-2025. Given the relatively good pattern of non-road tyres, product prices are available
Profit forecasts: The overall marginality of the tyre industry has been positive since this year, with prices of rubber for core raw materials remaining relative, considering that the price of rubber is weak due to the fact that the supply and demand of the industry are not strained, the probability of subsequent price hikes is relatively small, and the better profitability of the industry is expected to be sustained. The build-up of the company’s overseas production and high-performance product share is expected to rise.
The Māori rate will continue to be maintained as a result of an increase in the combined unit price of the continuing product. It is expected that the company's half-steam ratio will be 2023-2025. Cost assumptions: marketing costs will take into account the extension needs of the company's “liquid gold” tyre products, sales rates; investment proposals: race tires as domestic head tyre enterprises with comprehensive product planning and forward-looking seafalls.
The Bureau, in the context of a continuing industry boom, has seen significant growth in corporate performance, leading the way in the new wave of corporate layout, and the extension of the certification of the stacking of “liquid gold” materials tyres will help companies to raise brand power, while their earnings will continue to grow at a high level as new production is released and product structures optimized.
The price of raw materials is highly volatile: raw materials such as rubber, carbon black, and steel curtain lines account for more than 70% of the company’s production costs, and the company’s Māori rate of products will be affected if the price of these raw materials rises significantly.
The release of new capacity is lower than expected: companies now have more projects in progress, both within and outside the country, and if the project is affected by force majeure factors, the pace of production may fall short of expectations, affecting the company’s revenues. International trade friction: offshore markets for corporate products are concentrated in areas like the United States and the European Union, and have continued to be “reverse” for almost two years.
International trade frictions, such as dumping, counter-subsidization, have had a clear impact on domestic tyre companies' exports, and their export markets will be affected if new trade frictions and trade policy changes follow. “Liquid gold” tyres are not as popular as expected: the company’s “liquid gold” materials tyres are still in the promotion phase.
The expectation is that products will be able to take over the market with their superior heterogeneity, and while the oil-saving performance is significantly economic in the long term, because of relatively high retail prices, unsatisfied product diffusion and customer imports can lead to a shortfall in sales revenues. Shipping costs fluctuate significantly: shipping costs have experienced sharp increases and falls between 2021 and 2022, with export sales and output to companies.
The effects of profit-making are likely to affect the performance of the company in the event of further significant fluctuations in shipping costs.6 Exchange rate fluctuations: now more than 70 per cent of the company ' s sales earnings and more than 80 per cent of its gross profits are derived from overseas markets, and significant fluctuations in the renminbi ' s exchange rate may have an impact on the company ' s revenues.