\triangleright is a profit increase in the N-topcon ratio and the increase in the integration rate.
In the first half of 23 years, the company produced 33.1gw, with components reaching 30.8gw, and sales maintaining industry leadership, with N components reaching 16.4gw, or 53 per cent, and 29 pcts higher than the 22-year period.
Dun Yongkang, component delivery, N component delivery ratio will be further increased to 60%, N product relative to p product overflows s010521100006
According to the company announcement, it is expected that Kwok Yingzheng will be able to increase the company’s profits. The expansion of integrated production capacity will boost efficiency gains and strengthen the N-type leadership.
By the end of the year, the capacity of silicon and battery tablets will have reached 85/90/110gw, of which the N-type capacity will have exceeded 75%. In addition, the company plans to build the 56gw vertically integrated large base project in Shanxi, which will become the largest N-integrated production base in the world and will be implemented in four phases, each of which will be 14gw.
The project is expected to further optimize corporate production efficiency, reduce production and transport costs and expand companies through smart management.
Research assistant Lin Quixiang, who continues to push globalization to avoid trade risks. The company insists on globalization and is keeping China,
While leading mainstream markets such as the United States and Europe, emerging markets such as South-East Asia, Latin America, and the Middle East have been actively deployed. In terms of capacity, companies have further expanded the integrated capacity of factories in South-East Asia. According to company announcements, vertically integrated capacity in South-East Asia is expected to exceed 12gw by the end of 23rd century, in addition to the company’s presence in Florida.
The production of 1gwn components is also in a state of layout, and the globalization of production can help companies further avoid trade risks and provide guarantees for the expansion of their overseas markets.
2. Crystal energy (688223.sh) 3-quarterly reporting point 2022 14x/12x/9x. Company leads Topcon, where N-type stock ratios continue to be compared to upgrading and integrated capacity.
The expansion is expected to increase profitability and maintain a `recommended' rating.Assessment: performance is steadily improving, n-topcon accelerates the roll-out of 022q1 performance forecast: profitability accelerates.
5. Crystal Energy (688223.sh) Review Report: The Integration Group draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the recommendations or views contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.