Topcon's level of profitability is strong and the size of integrated production is expanding.
zhanghan3@cfsc.com.cn iuodx@cfsc.com.cn silicon prices drive down the price of the component by reducing the value of the inventory.
See, the significant growth in company h1 performance is mainly due to component loads, N-type products with a strong share of the raise + premium, while benefiting from exchange gains from the devaluation of the renminbi, leading the delivery industry, raising the year-round target, and Topcon with a strong profit.
The company sold 33.1gw photovoltaic products in the first half of the year, containing components.
Upgrade, battery capacity expands at a rate of 30.8gw, type n is more than half (approximately 16.4gw); q2 sells photovoltage products 18.6gw, of which components are about 17.8gw. The company expects the price of the industrial chain in the second half of the year.
Steady operations, sustained end demand release, new N-type production capability successfully completed, with components targeted for 70~75gw (expected to reach 60% of N), with q3 components for 19~21gw, currently on hand orders.
On the price side, the average price of the company’s components was approximately $1.67/w (excluding taxes) in the first half of the year, and a higher premium was maintained for the n-type product than for the p-type.
At the end of 2023h1, the company had put in production some 55gw n topcon battery capacity, and the Topcon battery was 25.5% high-volume, good rate and perc power.
The pool is largely flat, with the mainstream output capacity of the 182mm72 version of the Topcon component already reaching 575~580w. The company currently has a relatively small P-type production capacity, leading the asset structure industry, and the company is going further to build silicon, battery and assembly products in late 2023.
The project has regional irradiation.
In four stages, with a construction cycle of about two years, the construction period is 14 gw each.
Additional funding is proposed for up to $9.7 billion for the construction of 28gw sticks, components, slices, battery fragments and supplementary mobile funds in the first and second phases of the Great Shanxi Base to maintain a high-level export ratio and the simultaneous expansion of overseas production capacity.
In terms of merchandise, while focusing on major light markets, such as Central and Eastern Europe, the company is also looking at emerging markets such as South-East Asia, Latin America and the Middle East.
Silicon, battery, component integration, with active attention to opportunities for overseas expansion, including the Florida 1gwn component in the United States. Demand is not as high as expected; Māori is at lower risk; and raw materials are at higher prices.
Risks; capacity expansion does not meet the expected risks; overseas markets fail to exploit the expected risks;
Rodithopus: Master of Arts, European School of Higher Business, and two degrees in Energy and Power Engineering and Finance, Xian University of Transport, in the direction of new energy sources.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
The Hong Kong market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer); the Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.