Crystal energy (688223.sh) 23h1 is above average, n-type production-scale industry leads to topcon 10gw+, or more than 50 per cent, ring growth of 67 per cent, and components are in the top position.
Crystal became the first company in the industry to deliver 10 gwn-type components in a single quarter. The company upgraded the year-round component target, the company expected to deliver 70-75gw throughout 2023, an increase of about 70 per cent over the year, and the Topcon model was excellent, with a leading capacity: the company ' s n-type topcon technology is in product performance and output.
So far, the company has been able to produce an N-type battery that is in a position to be a leader in the industry and to create a certain amount of technical barriers to production. The company's tigerneo main version is 25-30w higher than the same version of the perc component. The company released Tigerneo in the first half of the year.
The Global Empirical Power Station platform, which tracks power generation data from multiple grid-connected n projects, has shown significant gains in generating power from the n-component monowatts. The company has also earned the “best performance” of the pvel photovoltaic components for nine consecutive years, of which the n-topcon components are all in the product certification scheme.
The results were “best performer” in all six major items, including wet heat tests, lid+letid, mechanical stress sequences, simulation tests for power generation, pit and thermal cycles.
At the end of 2023, it is expected that the company silicon, battery and battery chips will continue to grow, as the company ' s new n-type capacity accelerates production to increase the continued performance of its current capacity.
The component capacity will reach 85gw, 90gw, 110gw, respectively.
During the reporting period, the company signed a project investment agreement with the Shanxi Model Regional Council for Integrated Transformations to plan the construction of the 56gw annual vertical integration base project, which will be the first to include silicon in the world.
“Super-integrated” solar plants, batteries and components, which are also the largest planned N-type integrated production base in the industry, allow companies to better capture the opportunities for the development of a global market with photovoltaics, further enhance their capacity for advanced production capacity and vertical integration, and continuously improve their products
Market competitiveness and effective support for companies’ long-term development planning. Investment advice: companies continue to lead the industry as n-type topcons, and we anticipate that trade protection policy risks, and competition in the photovoltaic sector exacerbate the risks.
I. The profit projection core assumes that over 23 years of additional light voltage can be measured at 350 gw or more, an increase of about 50%. Given that silicon is the main raw material for the components, considering that the lower price of silicon stimulates the release of downstream demand, 23 years of additional loaders are expected to be more than anticipated, and component operations are expected to increase steadily.
Battery films have 55gw capacity, which, according to the announcement, will reach 75gw by the end of 2023, with the production of batteries of type n, we have chosen crystal au Australasia (solar assemblies, solar power plants, etc.), East Daylitch (solar assemblies, batteries, eva film, etc.), Lungi green energy (solar assemblies, solar power stations, silicon, etc.) as possible.
The company's profitability is expected to recover on a continuous basis, with a “buy-a” rating.