Crystal energy (688223) has continued to grow in profitability, with up-and-up targets for goods/capacity, components leading in the first half of 2023, and rising in profitability.
For the first half of 2023, the company achieved business income of $53.623 billion in the first half of the year, 35.36 billion yuan (+340.034 per cent). For the first half of the year, 33.1gw was obtained for photovoltaic products (silicon chips, batteries), of which 30.8gw for components, leading the industry.
The target is adjusted upward to accelerate the pace of production capacity-building. The output of the 23q2 public sector component is 17.76gw, of which the N component is 10.4gw, with the first quarterly delivery of 10gw, up to 59%. Given the pace of construction of the photovoltaic station, the output of the component is generally high in the second half of the year.
In the first half of the year, the company was also expected to move 23 years upwards to 70-75gw, of which N was expected to be the target for upgrading capacity, with 85gw silicon, 90gw batteries and 110gw group production capacity expected by the end of the year, with N being expected to increase to 75 per cent and to be integrated overseas by the end of the year.
12gw to better serve the United States market. Introduction of a plan to build a Shanxi integration base to consolidate the dominant position.
Construction (28gw), the company's intention to create a base for the highest/minimum price in 52 weeks from crystallization to the integrated manufacture of components, to innovate existing production patterns, centralize the plant + digital enabling capacity, which is expected to result
A significant increase in production efficiency at the Shanxi base, coupled with advantages such as “regional radioactivity, port transport, easy transport, low electricity costs”, is expected to further reduce production costs and consolidate the company Crystal Energy Investment Ltd.
The data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available, and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity, and fairness.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.