Topcon's Quantified Liquor, the N-era continued to lead, Crystal Energy (688223), the semi-annual 2023 report, 2023h1 achieved business income of $53,624 million, a year-on-year increase.
One billion yuan, or 33,352 per cent more than the previous year, and a 31,79 per cent increase in the ring; the net profit from the deduction of non-repatriation is announced by the company, with a proposed increase of up to $9.7 billion, mainly for the annual production of 28gw silicon tablets, battery chips, and vertical integration of components.
The company ' s n-type product has excellent performance and 2023h1 has achieved a QEL. The company is now in production of the n-tpcon battery with a capacity of approximately 55gw, with a productivity of 25.5%, a good rate and a perc power practice number: s15005228001
The pool is largely flat, and the output of the Topcon component has reached 575-580w. The company’s performance growth in the first half of the year was mainly due to the fact that the company’s n-topcon battery, based on good value for money, was in short supply in the global market and enjoyed a certain premium to achieve a lead and quick profit in the delivery of goods.
Rapid growth. The output of the 2023h1 component is about 30.8gw, of which the n component is about, the globalization strategy is continuing and overseas production is accelerating. The sales of the 2023h1 component are over 60% overseas, and the company is expected to have more than 12gw in South-East Asia by the end of 2023.
In addition, the company’s share of domestic, Euro-American, Japanese-Korean and domestic roofs and markets is increasing year by year, with channels and customers sticky.
Production capacity continues to expand, accelerating the construction of the Shanxi Integration Base. The company’s n-type capacity continues to rise, and the company expects its silicon, battery and component capacity to reach, respectively, by the end of 2023.
In May 2023, the company proposed to plan the construction of a large-scale 56gw-yearly vertical integration base project in the Shanxi Cong Restructured Zone. The project was divided into four phases, with a construction cycle of about two years, with each phase of a 14gw integration project with sticks, slices, batteries, components. We expect the Shanxi base to be in place.
To continue to raise corporate global market ownership and maintain corporate industry excellence, Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Accelerating the layout of the +bipv track to create a new growth pole. On storage capacity, companies publish the new generation of liquid-cold-business storage solutions, product-blowing global summits, Central Asian storage energy items.
In addition, the company is actively engaged in product innovation, expanding in the field of photovoltaic construction integration (bipv), providing a variety of tailoring programmes for clients in various sectors, including health, education, food, etc., taking into account both power generation performance and aesthetic design, and supporting national project demonstration projects.
Risk factors: new photovoltaics are not as high as expected; n-type technologies are not as advanced as expected; company capacity expands less than expected; and the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre was joined in 2022 to undertake research in the photovoltaic industry.
He was a research assistant in the new energy and electrical equipment industry, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Nakayama, and joined the Sindashian voucher research centre in 2022 for research in electrical equipment and storage, Chen Jie, a team member, Master of Accounting, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for research in the lithium electric materials industry.
Sun-ran, Research Assistant for the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Finance, Shandong University, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, responsible for the new energy car dealership, Lee Woo-hung, team member, Master of Economics, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2023, responsible for non-relationship, non-relationship and direct or indirect relevance to the specific analysis or observations in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.