The world's leading concret software manufacturer, intellectually engineered (00260.sz) has developed a sophisticated layout platform.
The company is a global congener, growing up as a consumer of electronic one-stop suppliers.
Capable, which has grown into a consumer electronic one-stop supplier, bringing together upstream materials, midstream functions and structural elements, downstream mosaics and whole assembly of the entire industry chain, and applying products towards 5g+aiot.
The 5g+aiot market broke out, upgrading the generation of sophisticated functions and the need for structural elements for smart hands with multiple cameras, oleds, wireless chargers, etc., requiring cellular radiator upgrades with high performance, and increasing demand for high performance features.
Producers, when the apple gold cycle begins in iphone12, products such as Appleairpods and applewatch will grow rapidly. The company is also supplying to the head of Andre, Andre's mobile phone, and the company is getting large orders on a sustainable basis.
I would like to thank you for your work in the architecture business, the new-energy car diffusion, which drives the motor structure needs.
Into the Apple Wire Charging Launch, the charger business was able to buy Selcon in 2019, and accelerated integration was lost in August 2020. Selcon, the world’s leading charger, benefited from increased speed and wireless charge penetration, and the company charger industry.
The company is expected to cut into the Apple Wire charged transmission end in the future, and the company's Wire charged electricity has much room for growth. Starting with the supply of raw materials to the Apple's Wire charged module and the realization of volume production, the project will make it public.
Soft magnetic operations continue to benefit for at least two years. New energy vehicles have increased demand for permagnetic iron oxygen, companies have moved into the car sector, and hard magnetic operations have greater potential for development. Companies have moved into the 5g base station, the core device ringer and separators, and the base station construction peaks, so that companies can produce 5g products.
Demand growth, business integration for industrial chain synergies, current valuations are significantly lower than comparable public periods, corporate integration is less effective than expected, the Chinese-American trade war has intensified, corporate technology has failed to break out.
Extension of Apple Strength Cycles, Re-emphasizing Investment Opportunities in Industrial Chains Drivers, key assumptions and key projections: The continuous upgrading of consumer electronics drives high precision, high performance functions and structural applications, and companies successfully expand Andre's head
Clients and new-energy car-related customers. 5g smartphone upgrades lead to an increase in the value of single-organic functions and structures; company supply of apples benefits from a steady rise in the leading share of production technology; company head-head Andre customers expand well, Andre customers advance in standards of functionality and structure and demand, industry concentration increases, company supply increases in the share of Andre manufacturers; and wearables are available.
In the run-up to rapid developments, the company has supplied equipment products to its core customers, with strong growth in the future; the company has cut into the Apple Wire-to-Filing Terminal, which has benefited in the charger business and material business; the new energy penetration rate has increased and demand for motor structures and hard magnets has increased; and the 5g product has become a new growth point for the company.
The volume of shipments is 93 million, 125 million and 160 million, respectively, and is expected to reach 41 million, 54 million and 65 million, respectively, in 2020-2022, and is expected to move smoothly into the Apple Wire-Fi transmission end, with increased demand for fast and wirelessly charged products downstream.
We expect the company's charger operation to reach 100,000% in 2020-2022, the company's supply of the 5g base station cores, and the 5g product to become the company's new business growth point. The company cuts into the 5g ringer, sequester, and so on, the building of the 5g base station cores is currently at its peak, and the 5g product is expected to become the company's public.
We expect a fast growth in the company's 5g product business in 2020-2022, and the market still has doubts about the future growth of Apple's cellular output. We believe that Apple's series of 5Gs will reach a peak in sales in about three years, and apple's cellular output will be worth a lot higher. Apple phones will grow back faster in the next three years.
We measure about 25% of the company’s income from Apple phones, with a greater degree of elasticity. With renewal, demand growth, business integration, and the synergy of the industrial chain, the current valuation is significantly lower than that of comparable companies, for the first time.
The sale of iPhones is over-expected, high performance functions and structural applications, rapid growth in the volume of airpods and applewatch, increased demand for structural units and hard magnets from companies that become suppliers to the apple wireless chargers end, new energy vehicles, and companies that sell sophisticated functional products less than expected and companies that expand downstream customers.
I. The three-part breakthrough of the company has grown into a consumer electronic one-stop service provider (i) the initial development period: model start-up and rapid development as a functional flagship.
Established in 2006 and 2008, respectively, for the first company to be established within the technology-for-profit system, mainly in modelling. At this stage, the main clients of the technology-for-profit system are the Nokia, Neporo, Biadei and Fuscom groups, and tlg (bvi) are their overseas trade platforms.
Client resources and core teams, which entered the Apple Supply Chain in 2008, provide the basis for subsequent development. 2009-2013 is a long-term one. The company is still mainly engaged in modelling operations at that stage, serving mainly Nokia, Apple and its whole-office assemblers, and products serving apples are gradually being expanded from parts and components of ipod products to iphone, ipat, mac,
At the same time as the modelling business is growing, the company has embarked on the stubble, cnc, hardening and assembly operations, with the participation of the core of the relevant operations, laying the groundwork for rapid development and financial regulation of the technology follow-up operations.
The period 2014 - 2017 is a period of rapid development. During this period, the company has continued its presence on major product lines, expanding its client base, entering into the Vivo, Opo, and China as a supply chain in 2014 - 2016, becoming a top-ranked supplier. To expand capacity and close service, it has reached 10 billion sales by the end of the year.
The year saw a series of restructurings. In 2015, the recipient technology acquired the profits of the company that had invested in the cnc business, and the leader of the Cnc business; in 2016, the recipient technology acquired the winners of the company that had invested in the related business, Suzhou, Toyochi and Shenzhen; in 2017, the recipient technology acquired tlg (bvi), ly (bvi).
The acquisition of land, plant, and equipment for production and operation by the parties has laid the foundation for subsequent development. Through the reorganization of enterprises under the same control, competition between peers has been eliminated and related transactions have been largely resolved.
Emancipated Magnetic Materials: Issued Stock Purchases and Associated Transactions Report, China's Galaxy Securities Institute (ii) Reorganised its listing period: Cross-Change Development through Capital Markets, Reconstructed River Powder Magnetized into Consumer Electronics.
In 2008, the company was created as Guangdong River Pulse Magnetic Co. Ltd., whose main business was the production and sale of magnetic materials, which was listed at the deep end in 2011. The company acquired the crystal light in 2015, the main product of which was the LCD model and touch screen, and the East Color in 2016, the main product of which was the sophisticated structure, both downstream applications.
The consumer electronics, such as smart phones, expands the operational layout of gyromagne in the industrial chain of consumer electronic parts and components, and, after two heavy groups, the company’s operations consist mainly of magnetic materials, flat-board displays, sophisticated structures, and four main sections of trade and logistics services.
Easternly coloured products are mainly used for consumer electronics such as smartphones, tablets, laptops, etc., and each has a unique competitive advantage and a stable client base in the area of products, but the main clients of gyromagne are Hwa, oppo and Mi, as well as smartphone program companies such as Skygum, Dragon Flag and others, who benefit from technology.
The main clients are world-renowned brand manufacturers, such as Apple, as well as large manufacturers of ems and spare parts, such as Fuscon, Soshio, Guangta, Lancet, Burns Optics, which are complementarities, and, in addition to sharing with the client community, companies can provide packaged procurement services to customers as integrated, one-stop suppliers to customers.
Continuous technological innovation by downstream consumer e-brand clients, and the restructuring of companies that are better able to adapt to new consumer e-technology needs and component modularization trends, such as the synergy of magnetic materials for gyromagne and technology-based technology-mutilation technologies, can provide customers with wireless charging modules, and waterproofing can be achieved through the synergy of technology-led cnc technology and the East colour-based sculpting technology.
Functional cnc products, through the synergy of technology cutting, cnc, pressurization and all-embracing technology, can provide customers with a fully oled-based module to improve corporate profitability as a whole and position themselves in the chain of consumer electronic parts and components industry.
Figure 3. Complementarities and complementarities between technology and the downstream market for gyro-magnets. In 2018, technology benefited from the reverse acquisition of gyro-magnets and their borrowing on the market. The name of the listed company was changed from Guangdong Powder Magnetics Company Ltd. to Guangdong Immaculates Company Ltd., and the legal person was changed from Wang Namdong to Tsang Fong Fong.
In August 2019, the Ministry acquired Smt (surfacemountedtechnoroy, surface assembly technology) and fatp (finalassemblytest) in August 2019.
Andpack, final assembly testing and packaging) enabled the vertical integration of the whole industry chain, from materials to precision zero components to modules to system assembly. The company has now formed 11 core product lines, with products in the middle and lower of the industry chain. The company has magnets, molds, cnc, etc.
The company effectively manages the 11 core lines of the company's products, including the six pillars of the company: magnets, slicings, pressurization, cnc, structures, chargers, and five priority development product lines: wireless chargers, motors, soft packagings, radiator modules, unsourcedware product lines in the upstream sector.
The R & D and manufacturing are oriented towards magnetic product lines, ceramics, iron oxides, nanocrystals, etc., as well as the integration of basic molds, processing energy, and the mid-stream component provides sophisticated parts, medium- and low-end component products to meet customer needs. The downstream component is directed towards modules and sub-assemblies, including motors, chargers, wireless chargers, radiators and soft package parts.
The top-down and bottom-up integration of the layout will provide a one-stop solution for clients to help them simplify the supply chain, reduce the cost, and gain a new starting point for the company ' s 8 major departments and 11 core product lines (iii): the synergies in the industrial chain are emerging and performance is turning upwards.
The company now has a centralized equity structure, which is conducive to its stable development. The company actually controls the masters of electronics, technology, and technology.
In November 2019, in an effort to expand the overseas market, the service centre, the company acquired all of the plants of the Guangbao Indian subsidiary and some of the nonkiaindia plants, equipment and land use rights, further developing the overseas layout. The company’s products are widely used in the areas of consumer electronics, vehicle control, smart security, etc. The company’s announcement indicates that it will focus on developing cooperation in non-mobile areas in the next 1-3 years, such as tablets, computers, etc.
Products such as watches, headphones, ar\vr, smart homes, etc., with a focus on the development of module production projects. Based on the accumulation of production experience from former clients, companies will be able to move faster and more quickly into new energy vehicles, medical care, aerospace, etc., to build ai+5g+iot Figure 6.
Figure 7. Productai+5g+iot global layout 30 production bases
9 offshore service centres Singapore model established in Middle Office 2019
Started in 2020-rad 2dd at 1989 saintpierre
The model was built in 1986 by the whole r&d model in 2006 by the south China Xiaohua Xinhua Xinhua model in 2005 by the south China Xinhua Xinhua model in chennai/noi
It was built in 1989 by Manaus and in 2015 by R&d.
In late 2019, the company had 1166 patents, nearly 5,000 R & D personnel, established joint laboratories at different levels in R & D qualifications and at national and local levels to achieve a global set-up of support for R & D. The Institute of Research and Technology is responsible for R & D, working with the various ministries of industry to effectively plan, allocate, manage and manage research and development.
Using and managing R & D resources and developing new new market technologies in synergy with market marketing needs. The company's “smart” management system, which combines the three systems of customer management systems, supply chain systems, and digital plants, achieves efficiency gains while tackling the challenges for customers.
The integration of some components into modules can create new competitive strengths. Figure 8. Companies building smart systems. Corporate focus on precision functions and structures. Business restructuring in 2020 is beginning to bear fruit and performance is on the ups and downs. 2014-2017
The growth in business income from the continuous acquisition and creation of gyro-magnets rose from RMB 2,060 million in 2014 to RMB 152.5 million in 2017, and the net profit from the mother rose from RMB 004 million in 2014 to RMB 1,405 million in 2017. In 2018, the amount of RMB 1 million was added to the company ' s electrical charger business, the removal of trade and logistics operations, precision functions and structural units.
In 2018, the bulk of the merchandise trade advances were uncollectable, the East Colored Group influenced by the Golden Group to prepare for the related bad debts, and the reverse purchase of the value of the goodwill of the former listed company resulted in a total loss of $1.81 billion in the value of the company's assets, as the East Colors former shareholders were supposed to compensate the company's shares.
The pledge was not repurchased, the transactional financial assets grew in 2018 and 2019 corresponding to public costs affected by stock price fluctuations, the companies were still performing well, and the Māori rate and net interest rate increased compared to the same period the previous year. In 2020, corporate core technology was steadily growing, generating operating income of $19 billion-$20 billion, up from the same period the previous year.
29.57-36.39 per cent. The structural plate integration has been clearly and significantly reversed, and efficient management has been sustained, operating income has been profitable in the fourth quarter, domestic clients have produced nitride chargers in the fourth quarter and have successfully imported projects such as tv appliancers.The large new North American customer project for soft magnetic operations in the current year has been developed and sampled in the first half of the year and has been produced in the third quarter.
Automation leads to a first-line layout, with a significant increase in production in the fourth quarter as compared to the third quarter. The company’s main business is well under way. LCD operations run by the company’s subsidiary, Tecrystal Light Power and River Powder High, show a weak correlation and synergy with the company’s sophisticated functions and structural unit operations. In the first half of 2020, the company completed the transfer of ownership of Tecrystal Light Power and River Powder High Powder.
In addition, in August 2020, the company completed a repurchase cancellation process that should compensate the listed company for the failure to fulfil its performance commitments, which could be lightly installed in the future. In addition, the company announced in the third quarter that the plant was currently fully operational and that the business would continue to be good in the fourth quarter, and that the company’s performance would continue to turn upward.
II. Upgraded demand for high-performance devices at terminals, high technical barriers in the company ' s product-asp upgrading (i) functional sector, client-oriented trends in industrial integration
The main products are slicing products, pressurized products, cnc products, hardware products and assembly products, etc., which are used in sophisticated functional devices for consumer electronics such as smart phones, tablets, smart apparel devices.
Devices to achieve interlinking, protection, jamming, heat conductor, dustproofing, insulation, marking, etc. of various functional modules or components of products such as communications equipment, computers, mobile phones, motors and electronics.
The chain is upstream, and most production options for sophisticated functional devices need to be developed, designed, custom-made product technical parameters in close collaboration with downstream machine manufacturers, and their manufacturing processes are complex, requiring the application of high-speed and ultra-precision technologies, fast-forming technologies, automated control technologies, etc.. As the product ' s life cycle is shortened, client-to-procedure functions become more sophisticated.
The requirements of the devices are diverse and varied. Lower-stream terminal manufacturers often need to develop new functional device products for new types of machines. From a client-oriented industry in which the sophisticated functional devices industry is integrated with high-quality resources within the industry, development paths that combine endogenous and expansiveness, robust expansion of production capacity, improved efficiency and product efficiency, and meeting customer needs
Figure 11. Accurate functional device industry chain is moving toward high precision and high performance. Consumer smart terminal products are gradually becoming thinner, portable, and high performance displays, thus driving precision devices towards high integration and high performance. Light and portable designs require internal components.
High-integration, the same or higher performance based on space saving. High-performance requires a single product to be more functional, faster to calculate, and more productive, thus requiring internal components to be more radiant, reliable, and durable. In the future, with new technologies, new materials, new processes, the variety and model of functional devices will become more abundant.
Intensive demand for products will place higher demands on the processing technology, processing accuracy and assembly capacity of industry enterprises, which will help to create better-equipped, financially and technologically strong firms to gain a greater market share and increasingly competitive advantage. (ii) Increased demand for sophisticated functionality and further increase in the value of corporate product single machines
The rapid growth of 5g will drive a rapid recovery in the smartphone market. idc projects that global smartphones will drop by 6.0 per cent in 2020 to reach 1.29 billion. The rapid growth of 5g will drive a rapid recovery in the smartphone market, with hundreds of millions.
Annually, 774 million mobile phones, or 179.9 per cent of cagr, will see their penetration increase to 51.4 per cent.
With mobile phone innovations, the demand for all kinds of precision devices increases. Smart phones enter the age of stock competition, technology competitions are intense, and major mobile phone brands compete for multiple pics, wireless chargers, screen program upgrades, biomonitoring, etc., triggering more sophisticated functionality requirements: (1) with multiple demand, fixed support features play a key role in the connection and tightening of cameras, taking
Magnetic interference between heads requires metal-guided magnetic material to be wrapped in the outlying areas of motors, and optical tremors cause mobile phone heart pads and shrapnel to be needed. (2) The oled screen has caused the inside back module to be removed, internal glitters, glass covers, etc. have been replaced with flexible membranes such as ecstasy, protective membranes, and the 3dtouch part of the full screen has to be added to the aluminum to withstand electromagnetic interference, dispersing heat and support.
(iii) Wireless chargers are made up of functional keys such as chips, coils, magnetic materials, in addition to increased demand for terminal shielding and heat radiators. (4) A large number of small pieces play a key role in waterproofing dust, such as dustnets, filters, protective membranes, waterproof rubber pads, etc., while sealing blisters can also make mobile phones more waterproof and sealed.
Figure 14. iPhone 6s Dismantling Chart 15. iPhonex Dismantling Map.
For example, the amount of spare parts and the price of new materials for each new generation of Applephones is increasing, and the total amount of technology products for each Apple player is increasing with the replacement of the machine. The value of single-machine technology products in iphone6s is only $3.11, and the added stereos and waterproofs in iPhone7 have increased the value of single-line technology products.
To $6.59, more than twice the number of iphone 6s, and the introduction of a full screen iphonex, which adds new sophisticated features such as glue, aluminum, and eclipsives, the value of one-time technology products has increased to $16.94. We expect to increase the value of cellular units as smart cell phones continue to innovate in the future.
Since 2008, in the Apples supply chain, the innovation of Applephones has been accompanied by a simultaneous increase in the standards of functional devices, the company's technological excellence and production experience, and it is expected to increase its share of supply further in the future, and the value of iPhone's technology products will continue to rise. Considering the volume of apple phones from different models, we estimate the average single machine of Apple phones in 2018 and 2019.
In October 2020, Apple launched its first five-g-hand machine, the iPhone 12 series, and the new machine is larger than the previous generation ' s innovation. According to Gartner, Apple has published its history since 2014.
Since the top sales volume of iPhone, iPhone 6, sales of iPhones have been weak in the last five years, falling 16.5% in 2019 compared to 2015, mainly affected by price and technological innovation bottlenecks, which have been addressed to varying degrees in product pricing and performance innovation for iPhone12. According to Apple, iPhones are already more than 1 billion active users, and
It's been four to five years since the last sales peak, with a large potential replacement client. It's expected that the size of the iphone 12 and the follow-on flight belts will be high, and the technology will be able to get a large functional order. Andre's brands will vary in configuration from apple phones that lead in new functions, new technology applications, etc., and are generally soft-led, wireless.
New applications, such as charging, are low, and some Andres have less use for buffers, water and dust protections because of their product focus, with hundreds of millions of super apple phones five times higher than the expected global volume of 1,170 million Andre mobile phones in 2022, which also brings companies to a huge downstream market. The technology has been in the head of Andre factory vivo, oppo, Huayeng, Mi and Samsung since 2014.
The supply chain of brands such as LG, which has a more fragmented market for Andre features, such as Flying Rinda, Smart Motivation, etc., is a supplier of Andre brand features, leading manufacturers have a relatively large and technologically well-developed technology, and have the technical and production advantages of providing the sophisticated features required for emerging technologies, and companies can benefit from Andre's mobile phone delivery volume and technological upgrading constantly obtain large functional orders.
The smartphone radiator program has been upgraded, and corporate fund-raising has increased performance income to the radiator. As the overall power of the multifunctional application belt has increased, the smart phone radiator program has been upgraded, the original smartphone radiator program has been dominated by graphite chips, radiated gels, etc., and the 5g era has been followed by liquid heat dispersing, including vaporcamber, vc.
For the primary heat-dispersing programme for 5g mobile phones, radiator tubes, radiators, and cooling fluids in the internal vacuum cavity spread heat to the far end or to the entire plane, with the effect of radiating heat. The company raised funds in a non-public distribution stock project in November 2019, one of which is intended to be a radiator group operation, with an annual production of 58 million computers and cellular radiatories, with companies owning radiates, etc.
A full-scale radiation programme, including radiant glue, radiant ointment, graphite, etc., can provide integrated radiator modules, which are now shared by the company. The radiator has already achieved bulk delivery and can continue to be imported into the company ' s large clients in the future, increasing the value of single-machine technology products, achieving (iii) iot and flat-plate upgrades, and the company is expected to reap the dividends of industry development.
In addition to mobile phones, other electronics are generating rapidly growing downstream demand for companies. Tws headphones and smart watches are becoming more sophisticated, the volume of goods will continue to grow, the spread of the epidemic and the shift in user office methods have led to the development of online office and cloud computing, bringing new dynamism to pc, pen power, and flat boards.
The industrial development dividend is expected to be fully realized as a leader in the industry. Airpods are growing rapidly, and airpodspro’s high performance drives the company’s single-body value to increase.
107.02%. Twelve apples have eliminated random hand-held wired headphones (arpods), and the purchase of Mac or ipad will be given to airpods, and two measures will further open up the growth space of airpods. According to idc data, the volume of airpods in 2019 is about 60 million, and we expect that the volume of airpods will exceed 90 million by 2020 and about 120 million by 2021.
Apple's main innovation, launched in October 2019, is the use of outward and inward microphones for active noise reduction, with an official sale price of $249, which is a larger increase of $159 compared to the previous prices of airpods 1 and airpods 2.
Rings, audio wires, etc., airpodspro features include, in addition to some minor upgrades, three randomly donated self-propelled dustnet silicone gel plugs and hemonic magnets for heavy use, and we believe that in the future, airpodspro's share of the cargo of the fruit tws headphones will increase, and the value of the average single machine company's product will increase.
Figure 19. Airpods show a rapid increase in delivery (in millions of copies) over the next three years, which is expected to increase by more than 30 per cent annually. According to counterpoint, the Apple Division ' s smart watch, 2019q3, has a global share of 26 per cent, and the share of 2020q3 apples has increased by 2 per cent over the previous year, to 28 per cent.
The year's capr will be close to 30 per cent, and the volume of shipments from 2020-2022 will be about 41 million, 54 million and 65 million.
• Apple      bbk fitbitamazfit
We expect to increase the value of single machines by about 10 per cent each year.
Šipad’s demand surged, and the value of corporate products increased. In 2020, affected by the epidemic, teleworking and online education led to strong global demand for pc, and increased consumer demand for home-based work and entertainment during the epidemic became an important driving force in the market for tablet computers. According to Canalys, the 2020 q3 apple continued to dominate the global market for tablet computers, with apples still in place.
In 2020q3, the volume of ipad shipments was 15.23 million, an increase of 46.15 per cent, and ranked first in the global market, accounting for 34.67 per cent of its share. The functionality that ipad provides for technology is similar to that of iphone, and we expect apples to be released in 2021h1 and in 2022 56 million and 58 million, respectively.
ipadpro’s more commercial and productivity-oriented positioning will lead to the penetration of its pair of smart keyboards and applepencil, as well as an increase in the company’s performance, and it is expected that the value of the average single machine company’s products will continue to grow. In addition, the volume of macbooks will grow, with self-research chips and mini-led stimulating consumer demand.
The future growth of the Division in Macbook is due to the increase in the number of materials like motors, and the company still has much room for growth. Figure 23. Opad output and the value of the average single machine company product have continued to grow. Figure 22.20q3 has a major share of the global flat computer market, ipad.
• Apples and Samsungs and Samsungs to Amazons and others (iv) benefit from 5g penetration, car motors open new space for structural growth, Orient colours start with plastics, and 5g removes the demand for metallic biocatalysed structures.
Eastern colours, the main products of Eastern colours are high-size, high surface quality, and high-performance plastics or hardware components. The East colours were founded in 2001 with plastics, starting in 2015 with sophisticated plastic and metal structures, which were acquired in 2016 by river powder magnets. As a result of the diffusion of technologies such as wireless chargers and 5g, metal precision structures affect cell phone mail.
The shift in cellular casings from metal casings to plastics, glass, etc. The overall demand for metal concentrate products has decreased, especially for low- and medium-end cell phones, as shown in figure 24.
Corporate structure sales are growing rapidly, with a downward trend in asp. Corporate structure clients, dominated by Andre’s head brand and odm (the original design manufacturer), can deliver sophisticated functional and structural packages and provide integrated solutions.
In 2016, after being acquired by the river powder magnets, it benefited from a concerted expansion of its clients, with sales increasing from 42 million to 79 million products, with a billion of them in the world’s leading position. At the same time, the prices of asp, except in 2017, showed an overall downward trend, remaining at $44 in 2014, XVII in the last, and an average annual decline of about 20 per cent in 2014-2019.
Higher, $100-200, while the cost of plastic casings is less than $20, and corporate structure productasp is declining each year as the proportion of metal shell products decreases and the proportion of plastics products increases. We expect that sales of corporate structure products will continue to grow at a rapid rate in the future, while it will continue its downward trend in 2019, projected to be $14 in 2022.
Figure 26. Rapid growth in sales of corporate structural goods, with a downward trend in asp Automotive processes accelerated, and company motor structures gained room for growth. Automobile electric machines were widely used in cars, including scratchers, seats, windows, pedals, etc., with an average vehicle usage of 30-40 vehicles and some high-end motors.
The number of functional motors used inside the vehicle will increase to 80, and as cars become intelligent and comfortable, the number of motors will increase to 10,000. According to data from the Chinese Auto-Industries Association, the global vehicle production in 2019 was 91.7869 million. According to this estimate, the motor vehicle is estimated to have a market capacity of about 3.5 billion structural units and a company production of about 1.14 per cent of the total market capacity.
According to Trendforce, with incentives from government subsidy policies, the global new energy vehicle stock is still growing in the face of a recession in the overall car market, with a projected global new energy vehicle output of 2.4 million vehicles in 2020, delivery in Teslamodele in 2021 and the introduction of new electric cars by mainstream cars, with a surge of about 40 per cent in global new energy vehicle traffic, to reach the target of about 40 per cent.
Three-and-a-half million vehicles, and a boom in the new energy car market, will also open up opportunities for expansion in the power-centred automotive power industry. Companies’ client groups in the automotive sector include Dechang, Bando-Mada, Elongway, Magna, Denso, and Brose, among others.
Sub-industry chains can lead to further expansion of customers, expansion of production and growth in revenue. Figure 27. Large motors in cars, Figure 28. Rapid growth in the sale of new energy vehicles (in thousands)
We measure that more than 75% of the company's sophisticated functions and structural units are generated by apples, and that the technology has entered the fruit supply chain since 2008 and is the manufacturer with the highest share of apples. The iphone 12 market has been resounding, and 5g has generated smartphones.
The demand for shielding, heat radiating devices, the increased volume of airpods and ipad sales, the higher volume and higher sales ratio of functional units in pro-series products, and the company ' s share and quantity of supplies, respectively, can grow. Stable collaboration with apples over the years will allow companies to upgrade performance and sales in apple series products.
For its part, Andre has been ordered by a large number of leading manufacturers and continuously increasing their share of Andre’s customers, brands and mobile phones.
In addition to this, the company has made significant progress in the production lines of earpieces, flatboard computers, notebooks, etc. The company has strengthened the layout of the structural parts in the automotive sector, and has raised funds to be invested in the motor structure project.
The combined rate of growth is growing. The efficiency of corporate management and automation imports continues to work and the Māori rate continues to grow, and we expect that three, chargers and materials operations will benefit fully from new customers and products.
(i) Fast and wireless fillings are new directions for development, and companies will cut into new customers, new products and profit from the full acquisition of Selcon in August 2019, primarily in charge of electrical chargers and the continuous development of the assembly of electronic consumer goods. Selcon was created in 1973 as the world’s leading charger and global head smartphone manufacturer.
It's a major supplier of brand-loaded appliances, such as Apple, Samsung, Hua, Oppo, and Vivo. It's a smart idea to speed up the integration of Selcon, and it's going down in August, looking for follow-up performance. It's a smart idea to complete the merger of Selcon, to speed up the integration of culture, organization, business, and so on, to develop and implement programmes for the restructuring of the Selcon problem, and at the same time to move forward.
In 2020, a more robust manpower support, negotiations with clients and the supply chain to control the situation, provision of immunization supplies, steady resumption of work in overseas factories, steady growth in business volume and third quarter losses were reduced significantly, and the loss was reversed successfully in August, followed by continued improvements in the management of sperm, management of the overseas epidemic and acceleration of spare parts.
Self-made, enhanced overseas manufacturing base connection. Selcon has research and development advantages in the production of a variety of chargeable electrical products, including 5-15w fixed-out voltage chargers, 3.3-15V/20-100w fast chargers and the Usbpd power supply, and 5w (qibpp)-15w (qiepp) with 1-4 coils.
In November 2019, the company proposed to invest in one of its projects, including the annual production of 200 million power plugs for smartphone chargers, the use of pressurization to make recharge plugs and pins, highlighting the synergies between the company’s functional components and Selcon’s operations, and the accelerated consolidation of incremental cost management and domestic and foreign production linkages, which will show better results.
Figure 30. Selkán focuses on the production of chargeable electrical products, increasing the size of the market. Mainly branded mobile chargers have been increasing, with apples introducing 18wpd chargers in 2019, significantly increasing their chargers compared to the previous 5w chargers. Andres brands are more focused on upgrading chargers.
Various brands of mobile chargers are increasing rapidly, with mainstream brands having a maximum charger capacity of 65w in 2019 and flash chargers above 120w in 2020, including millet and oppo. Fast chargers are increasing rapidly and, based on bccresearch data, it is expected that fast chargers will have a global penetration rate of 20.11% in 2017 to 2022.
The market penetration rate for the charger will reach 24 per cent, the market size will be expanded from $1,737 million in 2017 to $2,743 million in 2022, and the charging module, according to the wpc wireless charging union, estimated at 1 billion receiving and 400 million launching ends in 2020, is expected to benefit from 2 billion receiving and 800 million launching ends in 2025.
The elimination of randomly distributed charge plugs will further facilitate wireless charge penetration, and the company is expected to cut into the Apple Wire charged launch end next year. Apple phones have been running wireless chargers since iPhone8, but are subject to slow launch end implementation, which has been relatively limited in recent years. The iPhone 12 series supports io wire chargers, and is the basis for the roll-out of Magsafe magnetic inhalation.
The Wireless Charging Program, which enables the accurate positioning of wireless chargers and cell phones through magnet appeal, increases the efficiency of chargers, with maximum support for 15w charge, doubles the qi (7.5w) charger capacity already available in the iphone 11 series, and the iphone12 elimination of random chargers, which will facilitate rapid development of wireless chargers. The company is expected to cut into the Apple Wire charged next year.
The electrical end, the increase in the volume of apples and the penetration of wireless charge in airpods, applewatch, ipad, etc., is likely to increase, and Magsafe or, hopefully, the apple high-end inbox is randomly given, and the company's wireless charger business has a larger growth space, and the wireless charger module has led the company to start a module business. The company is fully equipped to assemble the module from Selconche.
Smt and fatp's assembly capacity, with resources and capabilities in raw materials, spare parts, subassembly, and Syllcon's assembly, are now actively organizing the assembly of modules, which will be in the field of wireless chargers, radiating heat, keyboards, wearing, etc.
After taking over, the division can take over the Fatp business, etc., and in 2021 it will be able to start, and it is expected that the company ' s charge-back operation will increase exponentially in the early years, mainly to serve Andre ' s client assembly, and that the rate will rise rapidly. In 2019 and the first half of 2020, the company collected $1,557 million and $1,558 million respectively, and we expect that the company ' s charge-back apple-related projects will gradually progress.
In 2019, the Māori rate for company chargers was 11.1 per cent, and, as 2020H1 Selkán was still in the integration phase and was less affected by the epidemic (1.8 per cent), we expected to increase the company ' s ability to integrate.
It is expected that (ii) the hard magnetic business will benefit from the development of new energy vehicles and that the soft magnetic business has already been supplied.
Its products include, inter alia, electromagnetic (also known as hard magnetic) iron oxygen components and soft magnetic iron oxygen components. The company ' s electromagnetic iron oxygen component is a core component of a downstream power plant, which is widely applied in such industries as automobiles, computers and office equipment, household appliances, electric tools, electric toys. The company ' s electromagnetic oxygen component product is a core component of a downstream electronic transformer and is widely used in computers and office settings.
Hard magnetic operations can be accompanied by the development of new energy vehicles, combined with flexible magnetic and wireless charging modules. The company's hard magnetic operations this year have decreased revenue from the effects of the epidemic on cars, followed by smart cars, which, according to Cj-Magne, are targeted for deployment.
In the case of soft magnetic operations, the company succeeded this year in supplying the Apple's wireless recharge module.
The launch-end iron oxides and the receiving end-end raw materials nanocrystals, the first project to be produced in September 2020, followed by more projects that will benefit the company for at least two years and will provide more room for growth in the future if the magsafeinbox is given randomly.
Figure 34. The company’s variety of magnetic products, the maturity of the process, the expansion of its operations in new fields of magnetic materials, and the expansion of its operations in new high-performance materials.
This project has high-performance magnetic material, which is the same group of customers of magnetic materials as the public division currently has, mainly in the area of automobiles and domestic electricity. Although we are the first largest producer of electromagnetic iron oxygen, we are mainly producing low- and medium-grade products, and high-performance electromagnetic oxygen is not produced at a high level, at the present time, at about 70%.
With high-performance permagnetic iron oxides dependent on imports, the company can enrich the company’s product structure on the one hand, and can add new profit points to the company, further increase its market share and its sustainable development capacity, and reduce its dependence on imports on imports on the other. In the case of mechanized materials, the company has been at the top of the processing industry, with deep knowledge of the materials.
The company’s material business continues to be good, and the Maori rate has steadily increased. The company’s material business has benefited mainly from the Apple project during the first half of the year.
By automating the first-line layout, reducing process turnover, improving staff efficiency, achieving a significant increase in production in the fourth quarter of the year compared to the third quarter of the year, the company's soft magnetic operations were profitable in the fourth quarter of 2020. In 2018 and 2019, the company's materials business camp received 933 million yuan and 846 million yuan, respectively, and we expect that the company's soft magnetic operations will continue to improve with the development of wireless charging.
The company is actively reorienting its operations, focusing on high-quality clients, automating, improving production efficiency and efficiency, improving and upgrading the operation and management of magnetic material operations, taking into account the impact of the epidemic, and we expect a steady increase in the Māori rate of corporate material operations from 2020 to 2022, at 8 per cent, 9 per cent and 10 per cent, respectively.
Figure 35. Corporate material operations are expected to continue to improve, with a steady increase in the Māori rate (in billions of yuan) (iii) the construction of the 5g base station at a peak of 5g base station at a new point of growth in performance, with filters, loops, sequesters, etc. at the 5g base station core.
The White Paper on New Capital Development, 5g, of the Institute for the Development of Interest Industries, foresees the construction of approximately 6.53 million base stations in the country, with a peak of 2021-2023. The filter is a device with a frequency selection of radio frequency signals in mobile communications equipment, which is used mainly to filter out interference and hybrid waves in receiving or launching channels.
The market for core devices has increased with a doubling of the number of 5g base stations. In 2019, the company acquired Myang-vic and Syang-Wei, Myang-vivi-fi, 5g microwave products, lighting, and communications.
The income from products, etc., and from the Yingsung preforms, sequesters and products will show a significant upward trend, with some products entering the critical stages of sampling and receiving some orders. The company currently receives less of its 5g product, at $100 million in 2019 and the first half of 2020, respectively, and with an improved asset structure, automation of inputs will increase the profitability of the company.
(i) Company operating net cash flows are in good condition. Company operating net cash flows are in a relatively small margin from net profits.
The impact of losses on fair value resulting from fluctuations in the value of shares subject to repurchase write-off resulted in negative net profits for the company and significant differences between net cash flows and net profits arising from operating activities. After the adverse business effects were eliminated in 2019, the operating cash flow of the company was 1.59 per cent compared to net profits, which was excellent. Net cash flows from company operations in the first three quarters of 2020 were lower than in the same period.
Net cash flows from investing activities are more affected by corporate integration. Net cash flows from investing activities in the first three quarters of the year 2019 decreased, resulting from the disposal of fixed assets, intangible assets and other long-term investments.
Cash flows from corporate investment activities are still subject to mergers and acquisitions, disposals by subsidiaries, etc. Cash flows from fund-raising activities are positive.
The net increase of 563.25 per cent over the same period was due mainly to the increase in bank financing as a result of the acquisition of Selcon and the growth of its business. In the first half of 2020, the company made a semi-annual profit distribution, and each share found a gold share of RMB 0.2 (including taxes), resulting in a 38.41 per cent decrease in fund-raising cash flows over the same period of the previous year.
Total corporate assets have increased as a whole, while firm stock has grown as a result of the growth of sophisticated functions and structural units and the faster growth of new chargers, which has led to an increase in fixed assets of companies by investing in projects and acquiring subsidiaries and factories. In 2019, gyromagne and technology, companies have been borrowing increasingly over a long period of time, mainly for the acquisition of Selcon, a short period of time.
Current borrowings were mainly used to replenish liquidity, with companies optimizing their lending structure, increasing the proportion of long-term loans in 2020, short-term lending maturity, leading to an overall improvement in asset-liability projects in the first three quarters of 2020 and a downward trend in asset-liability ratios. (iii) Increases in corporate cost rates and significant increases in research and development inputs
During the first half of the year, as a result of exchange rate fluctuations, the company ' s financial costs rose significantly to $286 million. Our management rates were 3.72 per cent and 4.01 per cent in 2019, respectively, and the increase in 2019 was due to the implementation of equity incentives and the acquisition of Selcon ' s intermediary services. We believe that the company will continue to implement equity incentives in the future, with administrative costs for 2020-2022.
Corporate R & D investment has increased significantly, and equity incentives have encouraged the binding of corporate talent. In 2018, and 2019, the cost of R & D was higher than it was in 2019, compared to the intellectual power of the sophisticated functional plant, the science of Angelism, and the precision of communications, the cost of R & D was lower after 2018, and the cost of R & D in the first three quarters of 2020 was 1,173 million yuan, which exceeded the cost of R & D in 2019 by 1.140 billion yuan a year.
At the time the plan was signed, 0.78 per cent of the company’s total equity would facilitate the deep binding of core talent. The firm’s focus on investment in R & D increased the number of patents granted by the company from 362 in 2018 to 580 in 2019, reducing costs, increasing efficiency, and developing new products in conjunction with its clients, allowing the company to remain at the forefront of the industry.
(iv) Increased profitability of automation inputs, higher levels of company roe, higher Māori rates and net interest rates of automated aid companies. Since 2019, the company ' s main business has become a sophisticated function and structure, with a higher Māori ratio than that of the original major magnetics business, and the company is gradually building industries with sophisticated functions and structures at their core
The system, in terms of production and manufacturing, continues to automate the inputs of companies, with the aim of increasing operational efficiency and reducing operating costs, to implement a “machine-for-man strategy”, to continuously increase per capita output, overall good rates and profitability, and to maintain a high corporate-roe ratio, mainly due to a higher share of net profits and turnover of total assets attributable to the shareholders of the parent company.
Less, i.e., higher losses in cost and asset impairments. Compared with the sophisticated, intelligent, long, sophisticated, and clean technology of the same industry, the company’s Roe is at a higher level, mainly due to the higher share of net profits attributable to the shareholders of the parent company and the higher turnover of total assets, and there is still room for a rise in the net profitability of the company.
Investment advice and corporate valuation Companies use deep automation and profit production to increase the Māori rate overall under the integration effect. Companies build strong technical barriers by applying depth to automation and refined production, and advanced technology can quickly follow up on their product development.
The Māori rate and the net interest rate level for technology are higher than for other businesses, and companies can apply advanced automated production techniques and sophisticated production experiences to major business plates, thereby contributing to an overall increase in the Māori ratio of companies. The demand for sophisticated functions under mobile phone functionality innovation will increase, and the value of single machines for technology products will increase further.
With the trend towards new technology applications such as oled screens, wireless chargers, etc., the demand for sophisticated mobile phone features and single machine numbers has increased even further. The company is Apple’s main service provider, and Apple’s future sales optimism and technology overlaps will lead to an increase in the price of iphone technology products. The company also supplies a large number of Andre’s head manufacturers, Andre’s brands are synchronized to follow up on multiple intakes, heat radiators, etc.
The company is expected to secure large orders in a stable manner. Arot and pc markets have erupted, and demand for products has increased. Apart from mobile phones, the alot market has erupted downstream, and the birch market has erupted.
There is a rapid increase in the volume of goods delivered by Airpods and Applewatch, and the demand for waterproofing, heat radiating, etc. for the upgrade of the product has increased. There is a surge in demand for the impact of the epidemic in ipad and macbook, with 2021h1 expected to be applied to mi-led backlights, stimulating consumer demand and increasing the value of the company’s product unit.
The company acquired the world’s leading charger, Selconne. The company supplied the apples, Samsung, Huaieng, oppo, vivos, etc., with the first and successful combinations in August 2020.
In the context of the expansion of the industry, corporate chargers can do much better. The company is expected to enter the Apple Wire charged with electrical power, the end of which has much room for growth. We expect company chargers to benefit from corporate M&A integration and streamlined management, with future harvests doubling to $5.605 billion in 2022, with a rate of Māori fast.
Company material operations benefit from the supply of Apple Wire charged modules for the supply of raw iron oxides at the launch end and for the receiving end raw materials, and lead to a recovery of net profits in the second half of 2020, which will continue to grow in the future. In addition, company hardwood operations can be accompanied by increased requirements for permanence magnetic materials for new energy vehicles, and the expansion of new high-performance materials can break the dependence of high-performance magnets in the country on foreign sources.
Lei. In 2020-2022, the company ' s material business was expected to earn 900 million yuan, 950 million yuan, and $10.0 billion, respectively. The five-g-based station was at its peak, and the company acquired 10,000 yuan for the production of filters, rims, sequesters, and so on, with a Maori rate of around 10 per cent.
Through Selconche, the company's assembly operations, with its resources and capabilities in raw materials, spare parts, subassembly, selcon assembly, etc., will make a breakthrough in the array of wirelessly charged products, radiated heat, keyboards, wearables, etc. The company's current value is undervalued. Using the relative valuation method, we select a share of the main consumer electronic taps, and blue.
Scientology and Gore shares are compared to companies. Given that the consumer e-plate valuation in January 2021 was influenced by negative news and so on, we take into account the collection on 31 December 2020, with three comparable companies using the absolute valuation method, choosing the current five-year rate of return of 2.92% as a risk-free rate and the five-year deep index average.
The return rate of 4.31 per cent is a market mix rate of 1.89 for Beta and 5.55 per cent for corporate equity costs. Assuming short-term interest rates of 1.50 per cent, long-term interest rates of 4.75 per cent, bond adjustment coefficients of 2.00 and income tax of 14.00 per cent, the cost of corporate debt is 4.29 per cent. Based on the company ' s 2020o3 asset structure, the share of corporate capital debt is 6.80 per cent, assuming the company ' s transition period.
For example, the company’s sophisticated functional products are sold below expectations, the company’s outreach to customers is not as effective as expected, and the company’s integration is not as effective as expected.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, in a diligent and professional manner, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
At the macro level, the investment opportunities that exist from the top to the bottom in the various branches of the industry chain and in the different industries; understanding the industry landscape and changes in the industry chain well enough to manage marginality, change and cyclicalization; and exploring potential investment targets with a unique perspective.
The Institute of Diplomats, which specializes in electronics, science and technology, was a member of the Space Science and Technology Group.