The rapid growth in income and the decline in the Māori rate of railway operations rose by 14.73 per cent over the same period; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was $10.514 billion, up from the same period the previous year.
86.63 per cent of total revenue; $7,754 million in operating income from survey design and consultancy operations, up from the same year; 19.61 per cent increase in corporate q2 income, compared to 7.97 per cent increase in q1 and q2 increase in the first half of the year; and a decrease in the combined Māori rate in the first half of the year.
The Māori rate for the manufacture of engineering equipment and spare parts increased by 1.16 percentage points over the same period, while the Māori rate for the development of real estate increased by 31.96.0 per cent, or 4.13 percentage points over the same period.
(a) 0.01 percentage points. The main reasons for the increase in the cost of sales are regional operations, the deep expansion of the 3D operation and the continued expansion of sales inputs; and the intensification of real estate projects and the marketing of industrial products;
During the first half of the year, the company signed a new bill of $70,134 million, an increase of 10.5 per cent. Of this amount, the capital sector has grown steadily, with a new contract of $59,79 billion, an increase of 13.5 per cent, and a new contract of $12.1 billion for surveying design and consultancy services, a decrease of 7.6 per cent compared with the previous period: the new contract of $16,08 billion for the manufacture of engineering equipment and spare parts, a decrease of 4.6 per cent.
(b) In the first half of the year, both domestic and international markets of firms moved together, and development priorities abroad were advanced in a solid manner with a high-quality development strategy.
The Hungarian railway project won its mark, and priority connectivity projects for neighbouring countries, such as the Old and Medium Railways, and the Javan High Iron in Indonesia, have been steadily advancing. The Malaysian Damascus project, witnessed by the Prime Minister of Central Malaysia, has resumed operations, thanks to the eastward winds of the second “one-way” summit for international cooperation.
Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating is evident, and companies are highly competitive in the municipal sphere, benefiting from short capital panels and maintaining the “buy-in” rating. Macroeconomic risk; production security risk; cash flow risk; raw material price risk
Xu Jialin.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.