Company review report  Non-ferrous metal Aluminium Oxide price drops, causing company q3 to outperform Chinese aluminium (60160.sh)
The Chinese aluminium industry issued its third quarterly report in 2019. The company realized a revenue of $145,708 million in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 15.91 per cent in the same year; it was attributed to the net profit of shareholders in listed companies, Ye Shoe.
Our analysis and judgment: U Jianjun (I) Aluminium Oxide (Aluminium Oxide) below q3 performance
Company q3 shows a decline of 60.66% in the net profit margin relative to the parent. At the business level, the company was the first in-country producer of aluminium oxide in the reporting period, with average and fine aluminium oxide production increasing by 3.6% and 19.3%, respectively, over the same period last year.
On the other hand, sales fell by 4.7% over the same period; on the cost side, it was clear that the company’s efficiency gains were significant, and the cost of competitiveness was 40% before it entered the industry. On the other hand, we believe that the company’s price of aluminum q3 dropped significantly, leading to lower profits, so that the profits from electrolysis aluminum did not increase as much as the profits from aluminum oxide.
(ii) The supply and demand of electrolytic aluminium is tight, the price or stability of aluminium oxide is tight, and the domestic demand and supply of electrolytic aluminium should be tight due to the impact of flood and electrolytic aluminum safety incidents
In January-September 2019, domestic production of primary aluminium fell by about 1.7% over the same period, consumption fell by about 0.6% over the same period, and the price of aluminium oxide fell because of lower stocks of electrolytic aluminium and therefore the level of profitability in the electrolytic aluminium industry may be increased to q4. For aluminium oxide, 2019
In January-September of the year, domestic production grew by about 1.3% over the same period, consumption fell by about 2.1% over the same period, and supply and demand was largely balanced. And the supply and demand of foreign aluminium oxide is in a state of gradual balance, and the domestic capacity for new aluminium oxide production is less than expected.
(a) The company's own industry has achieved significant efficiency gains during the reporting period, with q3 performing less than expected, but in the fourth quarter at aluminium oxide and metal won and 0.13, with pe corresponding to 48x and 26x, respectively, and maintaining a “carefully recommended” rating. 2. Electrolytic aluminium and the additional production capacity of aluminium oxide exceeded expectations;
3. The prices of electrolytic aluminium and aluminium oxide fell significantly.