The company published a three-quarterly report, yielding $145,708 in the first three quarters of 2019.
The net return to the mother was 15.91 per cent long; the net gain achieved was 808 million yuan, a decrease of 44.66 per cent in the same year; the net gain after deduction was 1, the increase in the yield and the delay in the performance of aluminium oxide in three quarters: the company ' s long earnings in the first three quarters and the apparent decline in profits were mainly due to two factors: the significant fall in the price of aluminium oxide.
Aluminium oxide prices were 15% higher than the fall in the previous three quarters, directly affecting a net profit of $560 million. The cost of electrolytic aluminium plates under tube oxide was improved, resulting in a corresponding increase in profits, but on a scale that was difficult to achieve. Second, the company accelerated its restructuring and made a transition to Shandonghua and Shanxihua, among others.
Promotions, with larger expenditures such as placements, but this is mainly a one-time expenditure, with no decline in the Māori ratio, but general improvement in the main operating indicators: total market value/flow (millions) of the company ' s sales in the first three quarters
Sold, resulting in a significant increase in the size of the low Māori trade business by more than 20 per cent, but at the same time the main shipping targets, including general improvements in asset turnover, three cost rates and process energy consumption, are evident in the Chinese aluminium industry (601,600) Aluminium Oxide.
This subjective improvement can be an effective defense against the down-cycle of the Chinese aluminium industry, which is the three most important points in the second half of the year.
3. Investment Watch: The main points for the future are the Guinea Bofa bauxite project, and the Guangxi Chinese aluminium industry (601,600).
Dividend realization and improved competitive patterns in the industry - shift from high-cost environmentally-resilient regions, with a one-time expenditure, but in the long run, review of China's aluminium industry for 2017
Companies are profitable. Moreover, due to the sharp fall in aluminium prices, the fall in the Maori rate in the fourth quarter of 2018, but the main operating indicators have generally improved.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.