Deep South Circuit (002916) Electronic performance is growing steadily, focusing on the growth of the enveloped base plate, and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Summary of performance: Throughout 2022, the company achieved income of 13.39 billion yuan, compared with +0.4 per cent, and increased profitability by achieving a net-mortality growth in the macro-level environment. At the end of 2022: 1) at the end of the harvest, the public administration achieved income of 13.39 billion yuan, compared with 0.4 per cent) at the end of the profit, the company achieved net return profit throughout the year.
On the cost side, the cost of corporate sales was 1.8 per cent, an increase of 0.1 pp over the same period; the management cost was 4.8 per cent, an increase of 0.9 pp over the same period; and the research and development cost was 5.9 per cent, an increase of 0.2 pp over the same period.
Two factors drive the price reduction of the copper plate, and we believe that with the increased efficiency of the company's internal operations, the pcb Māori ratio is expected to remain high: 2) Growth: On the server side, Intel expects to launch the eagle street server platform in the second quarter, which will drive the backboard value of the server from pcle 4.0 to pcle 5.0.
(b) In the case of vehicles, companies are expected to continue to benefit in the future from higher penetration rates of new energy vehicles, which drive the demand of cars pcb. In the case of vehicles, companies are expected to move mainly into higher value-added areas such as three power systems, adas, etc.
In 2022, the company collected $2.52 billion, or +4.4 per cent of the product structure, and the envelope is currently mainly dominated by bt-load products, of which Shenzhen I and II supply mainly mems-type products, and tin-free plants.
The company's new production capacity shows that the non-tin-II plant is in production at 2022q4 and is mainly high-end storage and lf class bt board, with a potential future full production value of over $2.2 billion; the Guangzhou plant, with a major positioning production of abf board, is expected to be operational at 2023h2 and a full production value of over $6 billion.
Influence, the next half of the year's income is short-lived, but we expect that, following the cyclical recovery of industry demand, the basic business of sealing will benefit from continued high growth in demand and product structure upgrades, 1 company profile: pcb solution service provider, the national leader of the ic board.
Founded in 1984, the deep south circuits have three operations: printing circuit boards, envelopes, and electronics. They are the global lead radio station radio frequency (RF) pcb supplier, the country’s leading processor chip wrapper firm, the electronic assembly union manufacturing company. The company is committed to “the integration of technology and solutions for building world-class electronic circuits” and is currently a national torch.
A unique “3-in-one” business model with the ability to provide integrated solutions. Companies started with games, and in the 1990’s turned to communications pcb. After more than three decades of development, companies formed a unique “3-in-one” industry.
Operational layout: The company has the combined manufacturing capacity to provide a “small, medium and large sample” with full value through programme design, manufacturing, electronic assembly, microassembly and testing, while continuously strengthening its leading role in printing circuit boards.
As of 31 December 2022, the company’s first shareholder was China Air International, holding 63.97% of the company’s shares, and its actual control was the National Treasury.
Large shareholders, with 2.78% shares, and third-largest shareholders, with 0.58% shares. The corporate equity structure is generally more centralized and stable, with the China Air Industry Group as its actual controller and subordinate to the National Treasury.
In terms of revenue structure, the printing of circuit boards generated revenues of $8,825 million in 2022, an increase of 1.0 per cent in the same year, representing 63.1 per cent of the Department’s operating income, and contributed to the company’s main revenue collection. The sealing of boards generated operating revenues of $2.52 billion, an increase of 4.4 per cent, and a share of the company’s operating income of 18.0 per cent, an increase of 4.4 per cent, an increase of $1.74 billion in the same year.
In terms of Māori structure, in 2022, Māori was 28.1 per cent for printed circuit boards and 70.7 per cent for the company ' s main business. Māori was 27.0 per cent for enveloped boards, 19.4 per cent for Māori, 13.1 per cent for IEC and 6.5 per cent for Māori.
The macroeconomic environment has been depressed, the dollar exchange rate, and so on. At the profit end, the net return of companies to their mothers in 2022 was $1.64 billion, an increase of 10.8 per cent over the previous year.
Operating cash flows have increased significantly, and the net current is now higher than the high tremor. 1) Operating cash flows: from 2018 to 2022, the company was 100 million yuan, an increase of 35.8 per cent over the same period last year. 2) The net current position of companies is on the rise overall from 2018 to 2022, and the net present is 1.9 per cent in 2022, indicating a higher quality of company profits and a stronger voice in the industry.
Assumption 2: With regard to the sealing of the base plate, we assume that the company will benefit from the release of the production capacity of the tin-free plant and the Guangzhou plant over the next three years.
When considering the scope of our business, we have selected two listed companies in the pcb industry for valuation purposes: Hensenco, from a Pe's point of view, with an average of 26 times the value of the industry in 2023. The company's pcb business advantage has been consolidated, the ic-boarding scheme has continued to break high-end, and performance will show a high-quality growth trend, and we believe that the company's profit ends are expected to accompany the crop rate with the crop rate.
The company is the leader of the industry in the area of pcb and the enveloped base plate, and the pcb business is expected to continue to benefit from server and vehicle use, and the ic envelope has been cut into two major areas, the bt board and the abf board, to continuously fill gaps in national production, and the future production of the new production capacity of the tin-free plant and the Guangzhou plant will open up more than 8 billion productive spaces.
We believe that companies are stronger than comparable companies in terms of the size and profitability of their operations at pcb, and that the product layouts lead the high-tech barriers of ic-boarding business, and that it is hoped that the future will lead to a sustained process of national production substitution in this area, and that the release of the productive capacity of the non-Sinii and Guangzhou plants will provide adequate guarantees for the growth of the company’s performance. On the basis of the above analysis, we believe that the company’s revenues and the company’s performance will be matched.
Profit growth and certainty are higher than that of comparable counterparts, so we believe that companies should enjoy a certain margin of valuation, and that no compensation will be obtained, either directly or indirectly, for any of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.