Utility shares (000938), computer applications, overperformance, and Māori rates continue to rise.
Events: The company recently released its three-quarter report for 2021, which achieved operating income of $47,624 million.1 Performance over-expected, Māori rate rising by $Nr. 34.25 per cent and ps 0.56 per year; third quarter operating in the first quarter of the year
Income of $16.874 billion, or 7 per cent, over the same period; net return to the mother, or $675 million, over the same period; performance growth, mainly due to the rapid growth of: 1ict infrastructure and service operations, public total equity/flow (million shares)
The overall income structure of the Division continues to optimize; 2 holding companies, Purple Clouds, are actively building the cloud base; total market value/flow (millions of dollars)
Up to 12 months/minimum ($) 2, industry chain layout responsive to demand, and the outlook in the field of smart innovation is good.
Purple shares (000938) The whole industry chain layout, the opportunity to take advantage of the new generation of cloud computing infrastructure and intelligent application services, cloud computing drives robust growth.
The company’s industrial layout is responsive to market demand, involving networks, storage, cloud computing, security, smart terminals, etc. The roll-out of the chip, which provides a solid basis for companies to maintain their core network’s leading position in the market, is also important.
The company became the first network processor with advanced language programming skills in the country’s industry. The industry has changed dramatically in recent times, resulting in a larger share of the market due to competition problems.
The demand for and breakthroughs in the infrastructure and related technologies are on the rise in the context of the country’s high priority for the digital industry and digital economic development, with a series of industrial digital transformational economic policies. Companies have multi-year digital experience, providing a one-stop range for the application of industrial wisdom.
Word-based solutions continue to grow in intelligent projects such as smart cities, smart medicine, intelligent transportation, and intelligent education. Under the guidance of cloud-thirsty and digital brain 2021, public intelligence links revolve around "intelligent, integrated, extremely simple, credible, ultra-broadness" at the core.
In anticipation of better cloud computing, big data, physical networking, artificial intelligence development prospects, the electronic information industry will maintain a high profile, and we look forward to years of corporate technological accumulation and innovation.
Power and its input, as well as a worldwide distribution network.
The views expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute a reference to the information in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.