The UV Group Reorganization Draft was adopted, the business risks are expected to be cleared, and the substantive consolidation of the reorganization plan (draft) was approved.
\triangleright, according to a company announcement, 29 December, the Second Creditor Meeting on Substantive Consolidation of Seven Enterprises, including Purple Group.
The funding group meeting was convened through the National Business Bankruptcy Reorganization Information Network, which established the Property Guarantee Claims Group, the General Claims Group and the Funders Group to vote in groups on the Reorganization Plan (draft), of which six creditors from the Secured Property Claims Group voted in favour, representing the number of creditors from that group present at the meeting.
100%, representing 100% of the total number of claims in this group. Of the general group of creditors, 1,069 creditors voted and agreed to represent 99.72% of the creditors in this group and 90.14% of the total number of claims in this group.
The total amount of funding for the Unit compared to the 300-degree trend was 670 million yuan, with both donors voting in favour.The results of the statistical vote resulted in the votes of each group in the substantive consolidation of seven enterprises, such as the Purple Group Limited.
Looking forward to the re-enactment of the group's subsidiaries and the benefits of the purple core.
The area of safety is at the forefront of the country, and several other unlisted companies’ products are widely used in areas such as storage, communications, cloud services, etc. Cloudnet is a core asset, and is home-grown in areas such as computing storage, network transmission equipment, data security, cloud services, and intelligent cities.
Underscoring the report's view, we believe that the intellectual path and the building of a broad consortium have good managerial and industrial operations and that, through its multi-year layout of the semiconductor industrial chain, it is expected that the synergy of energy efficiency with the technology enterprises of the Purple Group will be further enhanced and that the purple shares will benefit at the core as high-quality assets of cloud grids.
With the adoption of the Purple Group Reorganization Plan (draft), we believe that the Group ' s debt restructuring is expected to accelerate, and that the risk factors for the company ' s valuation will gradually be cleared up, based on the company ' s continued increase in city ownership in the ict area, which is expected to benefit from the use of Chinese science at dawn, vincing uniforms, a sharper starnet than comparable companies, with an average pe value of 41 x over 21 years.
The rest are forecasted to be consistent with wind's expectations. Maintenance of the “recommended” rating. chip research and development is progressing below expectations; operators and overseas markets are not expanding as expected; group debt is falling short of expectations. 1. Purple shares (000938), Jurisprudence Reorganization of Purple Group
Down on the ground, operating risks are clear, and there's a full-blown energy at the edge of the cyborg cloud.
Great technology enterprises in human work/life/communications, focusing on hard-tech enterprises that are in line with China’s manufacturing development. Bums, China Technology Ltd., joined civil securities in 2021, focusing on major equipment, operators, property networking, Chinese industrial chains, and the industrial Internet.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,