Performance exceeded expectations, and strong R & D investment laid a solid foundation for the development of the whole "Key-Cloud-Net-Ends" (000938.sz)
Incidents: On 29 October, the Purple Quarter issued a three-monthly report for 2021, which generated a revenue of 47,624 million, as expected, and a significant increase in the net profit from the q3 quarter. \triangleright company during the reporting period
A return of $47,624 million was realized, an increase of 15.13 per cent in the same year, and a net return to the mother was 34.25 per cent higher. Of that amount, q3 achieved a return of $16,874 million in the first quarter, an increase of 7.04 per cent in the same year.
q3 Q3 Māori has increased by about 2.49 pcts on a par with Xinhua, and the first three quarters of Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Quantities, in advance of the National Tax Support Policy, have been added to the crediting of income tax charges, resulting in a significant reduction in government subsidies and in profit and loss.
Net cash flows from the first three quarters of operations amount to $3793 million, a significant decrease over the same period. Investment in research and development continues to increase, laying a solid foundation for a “crotch-coated-net-side-end” industry-wide strategy.R&D costs for companies reached $3.061 billion during the reporting period, an increase of 16.41 per cent over the same period; R&D costs have increased by 16.41 per cent.
[Sinda] Purple shares: "Politic use is 6.43%, up by 0.07 pct on the same date, keeping the research and development input strong. Presently, public light, sparkling "everything is connected."
The Department’s research and development staff accounted for more than 40%, with a cumulative total of more than 12,000 patent applications, more than 90% of which were for inventions and acquisition of nuclear technology in priority areas such as networks, servers, storage, cloud computing, security, etc. In marketing, the company incurred sales costs of 2,883 million yuan in the previous three quarters, a year-on-year increase.
As a result of the increase in personnel and market costs, the company has now established a worldwide distribution network that covers more than 20 countries.
We believe that the company will further build up its "Key-Cown-Web-End" by increasing its research and development investment on a continuous basis.
The product advantage of the whole industry chain: the creation of a global distribution network will also unlock corporate performance. Xinhua’s core subsidiary, Xinhua, is competitive and is expected to continue to benefit from rising industry climates, competitive margins and the expansion of overseas markets. 21 years q1 Xinhua three exchanges, enterprise class wlan, Xinhua.
The central business such as blade servers, its unified carriers, etc. is the highest in the country, and the share of core products such as enterprise routers, storage, government cloud infrastructure is stable in the third place, and is officially released AHWN processor - 660 microchips - developed autonomously - has become the first in the country's industry.
A network processor with advanced language programming capabilities, with a strong overall competitiveness. We believe that industrial cakes are expected to continue to grow, benefiting from the rising demand for digital infrastructure in an age of connectivity and higher capital spending by operators, and that China faces some of the problems of the supply of chips associated with sanctions.
The Chinese counterpart is expected to take part of the former Chinese market share, and in the overseas market, it is also expected to take advantage of the product and R & D advantage to use 5g to replicate the success of China's overseas expansion, against the backdrop of a gradual decline in the share of traditional overseas giants such as Cisco.
On September 15, the Uttar Pradesh shares announced the completion of the $600 million RMB replenishment by the controlling subsidiary, Ugly Cloud Technology Ltd., which provided $200 million in capital transfers and 3.57 per cent of the capital replenishment; and the sum of 120 million yuan in Suh Nok, which was subsequently replenished.
Shares 2.14 per cent; UV shares are self-funded at $280 million, with 46.67 per cent of the share held after the replenishment. We believe that the introduction of this war will help to meet the financial needs of the UV cloud in terms of technology development, market expansion, node construction, etc. in the field of cloud computing and cloud services
Profit forecasting and valuation ratings. The company is a leading producer of digital infrastructure and a core asset, Xinhua.
With a powerful potential to sustain the growth of beneficiary industries, changes in competition patterns, and the expansion of overseas markets. A controlled subsidiary, the Purple Cloud, has been introduced into the battleground, moving capital in the middle, and strategic synergies are expected to expand less than expected: 4.
In January 2021, he joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre, where the cloud-cover computing & idc components were not, were not, were not, and would not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has approved.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.