The Māori rate has continued to improve, with a total increase of 29.39 per cent in the “rim of the rim”, with a net profit of $675 million for the third quarter, or 77.33 per cent.
The overall collection remained robust, with the Māori ring ratio rising five consecutive quarters of the round up, mainly as a result of product price increases and structural changes, as well as the contribution of self-researching np chip commerce. 3) On the profit side: q1-q3 net profit from mother-to-manufacture was $1.602 billion, an increase of 77.33 per cent, of which income taxes were taxed.
The cost was 311 million yuan, a 47.05 per cent decrease in the same year, mainly due to the introduction of the first three quarters of the R & D fee in September ahead of schedule; Increased input from self-research products such as chips, whose share highlights the core competitiveness; Increased input from companies into core self-research products such as chips, servers, etc., which cost 3,061 million yuan in R & D in q1-q3, an increase of the same amount.
16.41%. Self-researching 16nm high-end programable network processor chip S.I.P. 660 was fully produced in August, continuously leading the market shares of the various product areas of the company in the interior and wide, with successive winnings highlighting core competitiveness. According to idc, the market share of Xinhua ' s 200g/400g switch in Xinhua ' s 321h1 country is number one (64.5%), and 21h1 domestic services are ranked first (64.5%)
China’s IT outsourcing market ranks second (4.74%); Xinhua’s 3q2 China Super-Integration System has ranked first in the market share, followed by China’s business-level external storage market for the next 15 quarters, far exceeding the industry’s 33.5% increase by 47.2% on the same year. Meanwhile, Xinhua’s first share won the Chinese connection firewall collection in 2021, and China won the 20% share.
Mobile Distributed Block Storage, which achieved the first breakthrough in this type of project; Purple Clouds, the Beijing City Administrative Unit Clouds Calculating Service Point Procurement Project, where product technical capacity is highly recognized by key users of the Political Clouds. 36x/29x/23x, selection of wave wave information, Middle Light, Faith suit, fast-forward companies, 21-year average of pe
The value is 41x. (Starnet is a sharper forecast for us, and the rest is a consistent wind expectation.) Seeing the competition pattern recreate the overall share of the division, np chip commercial competitiveness and improved profitability, with the group actively introducing the war to resolve the debt crisis and the risk factors that stifle the company's valuations gradually coming out. For the first time, overwrite, give "pull."
Chip R & D is not progressing as expected: Operators and overseas markets are not expanding as expected: Group debt. Corporate financial statement data projections aggregate great technology enterprises that work/life/communication humans, focusing on hard technology enterprises that are in line with China's manufacturing development.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment advisory profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and not being influenced or influenced by any third party.