Māori rises in Māori, focusing on the new growth point of robotics, with a steady increase in operating income of 2024h1. The company ' s business income of 2024h1 was 13.680 billion yuan, compared to the same amount.
This represents an increase of 9.2 per cent, resulting in a net return to the mother of $1.51 billion, an increase of 8.6 per cent for the same year.
In 2024, companies will continue to reduce their combined costs through technological and process improvements, optimization of product design, promotion of critical self-formulation, and scaling-up of procurement, and are expected to continue to fall as improvements are made.
A number of heat-management products are the world’s leading markets, driving the global layout. Currently, corporate air-conditioning electronics are expanding valves, four-way valves, electromagnetic valves, microchannel heat exchangers, omega pumps, car electron expansion.
In 2024, in the context of globalization, 1) the refrigeration business: promoting reform in Europe and reversing losses. Completion of the construction of the South End Plant Phase 2 and establishment of production lines, expansion of the Mexican and Thai production lines. 2) Zero industry.
Investment in smart frequency change controllers, robot server controllers, domain controllers, and opening up new growth points.
The total planned investment is no less than $5 billion, and the projects include 1) Advanced Electronic Intelligence for Corporate Holdings, 3-Purpose Smart (002050.sz) - Long-term Growth Outlook for the Heat Management Lump - Change frequency controller project, 2) 3-Purpose Robotic Servers Implementation Project, Thermal Management Fields
Controller project. The above layout facilitates the company's integration from the mechanical component to electronic control.
The mid-year review of the " 3x0550.sz " , 2023, which continues to expand and is expected to become a potential growth point. The " 3x1050.sz " , which continues to expand the " 3x2050.sz " , which opens up storage energy, machines.
With zero cooling combined, business income has increased steadily. 3x24h1 achieves business income of 13.6 billion yuan, an increase of 9.2 per cent, a net return to the mother of 1.51 billion yuan, an increase of 8.6 per cent.
The deduction of the non-mortality net profit of 1.53 billion yuan represents an increase of 4.1 per cent in the same year. 2024q2 companies achieved an operating income of $7.24 billion, an increase of 5.6 per cent in the same year, a rise of 12.4 per cent in the ring, a net return of 870 million yuan in the same year, an increase of 9.2 per cent in the ring and an increase of $8.28 billion in the RAC spare parts business by product, an increase of 7.4 per cent in the same year;
The growth in the company ' s performance was due to an operating income of $5.4 billion for auto parts and components, an increase of 11.9 per cent over the same period: 1 - The company ' s continued release of new energy vehicle orders and the domestic sale of new energy vehicles in 2024h1 of 4.94 million vehicles, an increase of 32.0 per cent over the same period. 2 - The share in the market of the products dominated by refrigeration and air-conditioning appliances has steadily increased, with a steady increase in the share of the products in the market.
And companies are actively seized of the development of energy efficiency upgrades, refrigerant switching, multi-line, cooking power, heat pumps, storage, etc., and are contributing to an overall increase in operating income. 2024h1 zero, Māori increase in refrigeration.
Figure 2: Corporate income and growth in the single quarter, Figure 3: Corporate net profit and increase (billions, per cent) Figure 4: Corporate net profit and increase in the single quarter
Figure 5: Corporate Māori Rates and Net Interest Rates (%) Figure 6: Corporate Māori Rates and Net Interest Rates
Refrigeration AC parts and components remain the global leader. Currently, the market for products such as corporate air-conditioning electronic expansion valves, quadrupling valves, electromagnetic valves, microchannel heat exchangers, and omega pumps are the world's largest.
The company is now the world’s largest in the use of electro-inflated valves, new energy sources, and integrated component products in car heat management. New-energy car sales are increasing, and the zero-gas business is expected to go with mainstream new-energy car customers.
Integrated heat management operations, with the addition of three heat management circuits to the heat management system for new energy vehicles, the addition of components such as cooling boards, pool coolers, electric pumps, electronic expansion valves, and the introduction of a new heat management system for heat pump air conditioning, which has been increased from around $2,000 to about $6,000 in value relative to the traditional fuel heat management system
A two-fold upgrade, the company's active layout component integration and heat management system programme, upgrading from “mechanical component development” to “system control technological solutions for integrated sub-control”, product-scaling super-upgrading technology, and further upgrading of the company's thermal tubes, the single-car value of the product, with the maximum single-car value exceeding $5,000.
The company has now become an important partner in Biadi, Volvo, Gilly, Fareo, Mahler, the general public, Mercedes, BMW, Toyota, Universality, Ideals, Uranium, etc. The company collected $8,93 billion in new energy auto heat management products in 2023, an increase of 33.9% compared with the 33.9%, which accounts for 90% of the revenue from the auto spare parts business and is expected to be fully covered.
The company has many years of experience with zero-carbon operations overseas. Companies have been operating abroad in the United States, Europe, Japan, and India.
The company, the American Triumphs, was founded in 2011 to gain experience in its operations, the United States of America established two Sunsends in the United States, Michigan and Mexico. In June 2017, the Mexican Triumph Zero organized the launch of the txv production line, and Mexico's triflix was positioned on the assembly of the swelling valves, which reached production in 2017 and designed its annual capacity.
In October 2022, the second phase of Mexico’s industrial park was officially launched. India’s triple flower, located at the three-butter zero-inflated valve, was locally assembled and sold and produced in 2014, with a capacity of 500,000. Japan’s triple flower was created in 2008.
In addition, the company signed a cooperation agreement in April 2022 with Minsu Motor Technology Research and Development Ltd., a joint venture to build a plant in Poland (51% of stockholdings) and a one-stage plant.
The development of water coolers, the first of which is currently offline in May 2023, has led to the expansion of the global landscape and to the enhancement of intellectual manufacturing capabilities through the 10,000-skilled thermal management components project, the 3-span Polish auto parts and components production line project, and the 3-swat European technology heart project.
In 2024, the cooling business was globalized: to promote reform in Europe, improve business concepts and process systems, and achieve a smoothing of losses. The production base is moving forward, completing phase II of the Vietnamese factory and bringing production lines to the ground, expanding production lines in Mexico and Thailand, and expanding the optimized production landscape of globalization.
2024 Globalized Automobile Parts and Components: Actively promoting the construction and new production of factories in Mexico, Poland and the Shanghai, Nakayama, Shenyang, etc. Based on the company ' s hand orders, battery and electronic heat management products, electric heat-discharge tubes as of 30 September 2023
In 2027, the demand for production is expected to reach 9,924.11 million units per year, 2,677.2 million units per year, 85,83.5 million units per year and 2,28,897,000 units of robotics.
In the field of robotics, the company focuses on electron executives, collaborates with clients in the development, testing, translation, and delivery of a full range of products, obtains a high rating from its clients, and actively plans for the overseas production layout of machine and electrical executives. The company will be recruited in the next three years.
Professionals in the fields of electrical control, sensors, etc., have expanded the research and development team to 150 people, with an expected total of 300 or more, and the human robotics implementer is more similar to the core process of the company's electronic pump-type products, all of which include pressurization, remodelling, etc.
The process of machine processing, welding, surface treatment, electrical circuits, pcba stickers, assembly, etc. The company has continued its research and development on the basis of heat management pumps, valves, heat exchangers. As of 2024h1, the company has been authorized 3966 domestic and foreign patents, of which the invention patent is granted 1975, and the company has now accumulated the same source as the pump valves that it can.
In the area of industrial cooperation, a framework agreement for strategic cooperation was signed with Green Sioux Harmonious Technology Co. Ltd., which will co-finance a joint venture at the San Francisco Mexican Industrial Park, where the main business of the joint venture is coordinated.
With regard to storage, companies closely follow developments in the technology of the storage system, focus on the main machine, have been recognized by their head customers, and aim to match the potential for long- and long-term development of the energy storage industry with the company’s core technology.
Building the foundation for the subsequent development of products with technological advantages. 2024: Major Investment: The Sanhua Brain Control Centre for the Future, 4 January 2024, Hampshire Electronics Co. Ltd., a company and controlled subsidiary (the Sanhua Smart Holding Ratio)
84%) Agreement on Investment of the Project of the Samurai Industries Centre for the Future, signed with the Hangzhou Quandong New District Management Board, with a total planned investment of not less than $5 billion, including: 1 Project for Advanced Electronic Intelligent Frequency Controls
The first-way electronic FOC frequency controller operation, which is planned to invest in the construction of a base for the production of the first-way smart frequency controller in the Pinnang area, has a total planned investment of not less than $1.2 billion.2 The three-way smart robot server implementer project, the thermal management domain controller project
The company's proposed investment in the construction of robotic electron and domain controllers (a core control component designed to provide customers with integrated heat management integrated systems) and the development and production base project, with a total planned investment of not less than 38 per cent, would facilitate the company's solution of systems control techniques from “mechanical component development” to “electronic control integration”
Investment proposals: maintain profit forecasts and maintain a “better than the big market” rating. Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on author's professional understanding, with reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author