Two major businesses are growing, and new business is continuing to break through.
New energy vehicles have grown in tandem with refrigeration and air conditioning operations and production capacity has continued to accelerate a total equity share (millions): The company disclosed that the main reason for the increase in performance during the reporting period was that in the case of new energy vehicle heat management, the company had done so.
Market value in circulation (millions of dollars): The company is actively promoting new energy in Mexico, Poland, for example, in the sea.
In the case of refrigeration and air-conditioning electrical components, the company has a leading industrial advantage, with a steady increase in the market share of core products, leading to an increase in performance. In the case of shipping, the company has completed phase II of the factory in Viet Nam.
We expect that the company will continue to grow with the acceleration of the sea and the upgrading of the product. The borderless seals will open up, and the Māori support company will pick up the Māori ratio.
In the second quarter of 2024, human robots were catalyzing, and in early May 2024 Tesla released a video showing that optimus was actually involved in his factory. In July 2024, Tesla second generation robots first appeared in Shanghai at the World Congress of Artificial Intelligents.
Focusing on the power and motor executives in the industry is now working on a full-scale basis with clients to develop, test, overlay and eventually realize production levels; at the same time, companies are synchronizing with clients' production targets and are actively planning for the overseas production layout of machine and power generators to meet the advent of the “machine generation” era.
As the world’s largest refrigeration controller component and the world’s leading manufacturer of auto heat management system control systems, the company is now well-placed with hand orders, in which the auto heat management business, driven by the eruption growth of the global new energy car market, is booming. We expect the company’s business earnings for 2024-2026.
Chen Jiayu, our automobile sales are not as risky as expected, the associated risks of failing to maintain the technological advantage, the seasonal wave of performance, the development of downstream innovative applications and the risk of friction in international trade.
The index, the Hong Kong market benchmark, is a permanent index, the United States market benchmark is a standard 500 index or the NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-board index (for agreement transfers) or a three-board market index (for market transfers) and the North Exchange benchmark index is a North Certificate 50 index.
The data used in the commitment report are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the professional conduct and professional competence of the author, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts