It's profitable, it's storage and robotics that open up the space for growth.
The increase in the profitability of refrigeration operations and the trend towards multi-dimensional growth is evident. The 2024h1 refrigeration and air-conditioning spare parts industry received $8.279 billion, an increase of 7.43 per cent, or 60.53 per cent of the total, and the Māori rate was Lee Hiao Peng.
In terms of customer outreach, companies are actively expanding new regional customers and continue to increase the globalization of factories in Viet Nam, Mexico, Thailand.
Zero operations are profitable and continue to contribute to the global layout of the Base. 2024h1 auto spare parts camps received $5.397 billion, an increase of 11.91 per cent, representing 39.47 per cent of total revenue, and Māori 27.31 per cent.
1.62 pcts, with increased operating income and profitability; in the global layout, the company continued to push ahead with the construction and new production capabilities of the factories of Wang Xigo, Polish factories and the interior of China, Shenyang, Tianjin, Shao Xingxiang Sea.
At the same time, the market position is consolidated through new customer outreach, technology development, fine-tuning, etc., and the global supply version is implemented.
In the case of robotics, the company focuses on electron executives and cooperates with clients in the development, testing, replacement and delivery of a full range of products, and is evaluated in a 24-year quarterly report on the increase in auto parts and components operations, which are stored and stored.
Open the new growth space and maintain the `recommended' rating.
On the eastward side, then on the third flower roll, a performance rating of 2023/06/15 was reported in the first quarter of 2023: performance met expectations, zero operations, q3 performance met expectations, multi-growth curves of refrigeration
2022/10/28 Research findings based on methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.