Quality of operation continues to improve as a result of the excellent performance of the non-repatriation net profit.
As a result of the decrease in government subsidies of $260 million in the first half of the year, the share of international income increased by 3.4 pct, with soil and mine machinery performing well. 25h1 domestic/international distribution by product category, 25h1 earth/lift/steam/steam/mine machine, respectively
□: Lupei_yj@chinastock.com.cn Growing curve mine machine delivered 100 pure electric unmanned mine cards in May at the Wagen-Eminite mine and continued to open up large overseas projects, large orders. In addition, corporate revenues from new energy products increased in the first half of the year.
Māori net interest rates have increased in tandem and profitability has increased further. 25h1 company combined Māori rates □ Pengxingjia_yj@chinastock.com.cn
2.82 pct. The increase in management costs is mainly due to increases in employee remuneration. The decrease in financial costs is mainly due to a shift in exchange rates from $740 million in losses of 24h1 to $760 million in gains. Operating cash flows are excellent and their quality continuously improves.
Three hundred and thirty-three billion yuan, an increase of 108 per cent in the same year, an increase of $34,741 million in the balance of 25h1 inventory, an increase of $1.8 billion in the same year, and an increase of $213 million in asset impairment losses, mainly due to lower inventory prices and losses in contract performance costs, which were only 35 per cent higher than the same 21-year period in aggregate sales of excavators, upgrading of space, construction cranes in July, etc.
At the export level, core commodity prices, such as gold and copper, are still high, with interest rates in Europe rewinding at a relative depth of 300 & financial expansion & higher economic climate, and demand is showing signs of a bottom-up trend.
Xu's Māori rate has continued to double, the second curve mine machine has been well developed and the profitability of new energy products has increased.
Review: Focus on Internal Needs + Future Industries, Watching Robots and Engineering Machines
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.