The semi-annual review of Xu's semi-annual report (000425.sz) in 2025 showed a remarkable increase in internationalization, with a similar increase in earth-based machinery.
(a) Billion yuan, +1.50 per cent, or 53.39 per cent, of income; and, for sub-products: 1 soil-based machinery, 4 mining machinery realized revenues of 4,733 million yuan, +33.71 per cent, or 8.64 per cent;
Six industrial and mechanical machines achieved income of 2,615 million yuan, or 4.77 per cent of the business; operating cash flows increased significantly and cost controls were effective. 2025h1 achieved gross interest rate of 22.03 per cent, corresponding rate of -0.86 pt; net sales interest rate of 8.06 per cent, corresponding rate of +0.54 pt;
Continuing improvements. 2025h1, corporate sales/management/R & D/financial costs fell, respectively, and financial costs fell mainly as a result of higher exchange rate earnings.
After a four-year downward cycle since 2021, there has been a structural recovery in 2025h1. According to industry sales data in July, there has been a full recovery in the warmth except for towers and high machines.
Against the background of the old engineering and machinery leader, the reorganization of the new engine - and the implementation of the Rural Highway Regulations - sales are expected to increase by more than the depth of Xu Engineering and Mechanics (000425.sz) in the second half of the year.
Six months of growth in intra-firm sales revenue; growth in overseas markets, up-to-date foreign investment, and increasing internationalization capacity will continue to drive faster growth in the second half of the year and longer in future internationalized income. And the rate of Māori for internationalized products is significantly higher than in-house.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: corporate revenue growth, double profit growth, business quality improvements sustained in the first half of the year. Looking forward to a structural recovery in the domestic market in the second half of the year, adding up to overseas growth.
In the fast drive, the company's performance is expected to improve again. We adjust profit projections to the company's latest business, and the net return profit is expected to be \triangleright in 2025-2027.
This report is prepared without the interference and influence of the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. In projecting the evolution of the securities variety or making recommendations on the feasibility of investment securities, I have made the required disclosure and, to the extent I know it, the company, and the stakeholders in the property have no interest in the securities that have been evaluated or recommended.