In the first half of the year, Coal Coal Coal Coal (000983), was released on August 28, 2024.
The realization of operating income of $21.570 billion, a 21.73 per cent decline in the same year, and the realization of a net return to the mother of $1,966 million, as a result of factors such as the volume of sales and the fall in the price of sales, has led to a significant decline in the company’s performance. In the first half of the year, the company was exposed to coal \triangleright
The volume of carbon products sold and the price of coal sold have both declined over the same period, with a significant decline in corporate performance, with net profit returns falling by 56.47 per cent in the first half of the year and net cash flows from business activities falling by 58.36 per cent. On the cost side, high-quality resource endowments have a significant cost advantage.
Liu Po Coal Industry Research Assistant has a stable layer of near-level coal, simple geological formations, low mining costs, and significant cost advantages.
The abundance of coker-based resources, high-quality and scarce coal species, such as coal-carrying and coal-rich, with low ash fractions, low sulphur fractions, good combustibility, etc., is better aligned with the future development of the furnaces, large-scaleization and the steel industry transformation. New trends are that when economic recovery brings about a better climate in the coal-coal industry, corporate coal products will be in place.
The “three-step” strategy moves into a period of revitalization, with high-quality assets being injected or still available. At the second half of 2020, the Fire Coal Group proposed a strategic plan for “three-three-three-step-three” with 2023 being the second.
At the beginning of a “three-step” strategy to revive the emergence phase, in 2023, the company referred again to its commitment to the development of a strong coal industry, to accelerate the convergence of coal production and capacity, and to raise the company's industrial concentration, market voice, industry influence and core in coal production.
Competitiveness. We expect the company to continue its strategy of coal merger restructuring, future high-quality capital profitability predictions and investment ratings: company-owned rich coal-fired and high-quality coal-carrying, with an advantage of scale, is in the vanguard of the market, and it is expected to follow up with a sustained implementation of a good-quality coal asset stake.
Incoming growth, the potential for efficient operations to generate strong endogenous dynamics, future growth values, and future growth values.
The company’s “buy-in” rating is maintained in the Golden House No. 127, Wumenxi Street A, in Beijing’s west-city district. Risk factors: the macroeconomic downturn has led to a sharp fall in coal prices, uncertainty in industrial policies, and uncertainty about the price of coal.
He was a member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's pool of experts, a member of the China Price Association's Sub-Committee on Coal Prices, and a former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association, who worked for more than 10 years on research and advice in coal and energy-related fields.
Research on coal exploration and development planning, revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy, June 2016, joined with the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal sector. From 2019 to the present, it is responsible for research on large energy panels. Li Chunjing, cfa, cpa, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, University of Nanjing, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, formerly the Henging Securities Economics and Finance Institute, Coal
He was a doctor in mining at the Chinese University of Mines (Beijing) and a senior engineer, former Minister of Investment and Operations of the Second Sub-Society of Coal Industries of China. He worked for many years in coal mining, in technology management for coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations. He joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 and worked in the coal industry and upstream and downstream research.
Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Central and Professional Committee of the China Society of Environmental Sciences on carbon peaks. He was an expert and assistant to the China Institute of Technology on petrochemical economy and led a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China Energy Outlook 2060; completed a study on “Cultural carbon peaks and implementation pathways” in the petrochemical industry and participated in the national ministry's oil and gas industry planning, the construction of a new energy system, and the development of a new energy system.
In March 2023, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research and research in the petrochemical sector. Qin Ho, Master of Electricity Systems, Austin, University of Texas, United States; Bachelor of Arts in Electrical Engineering and its Automation, University of Tianjin.
Three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity marketing reform, applied research in virtual power plants, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022, for research in the electricity sector, and Xinjiang, Master of Finance, National University of Australia, and Bachelor of Finance, Southwest University. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022.
Wu Bo-jin, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for public environmental research. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Finance, Southwest University of Finance and Economics.
Liu Xuan, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, July 2022, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, Li Wei, cpa, Master of Accounting, Esen University of Economics and Management, Germany, September 2022, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, engaged in coal and coal mining
Li Dung, Master of Architecture, University of Southern California, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in January 2023 for research in the coal industry. Tang Jiaoyu, Master of Social Sciences, University of Science and Technology of Hong Kong, and Bachelor of Financial Science, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
Liu Po, a management student at the Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 for research in the coal and steel industries. The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.