\triangleright 24q2 performance ring growth. 24q2 achieved a net return profit of $1.016 billion, a decline in the same year. \triangleright
The 24q2 Māori ratio has increased and the tax/fee ratio has increased. The 24q2 Māori sales rate has increased as a result of the \triangleright Western Resource Tax Tax rate.
24q3 returns are expected to improve. The company’s coal flaring is dominated by quarterly priced sales. According to Wind, the Xinhua Coal Association’s index and the price of sarcophagus Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal are stable in the middle of the three quarters. Given the recovery in coal production in Shanxi District, the growth in corporate output is expected to lead to improved company performance.
Since 2021, the company has started to have a high proportion of its assets injected into its expected strength. According to the announcement, 117 of the Shanxi Coal Group are working with Shanxi Coal.
Research assistant Lujaki, competing coal mine assets with an approved capacity of 167.55 million tonnes/year. The announcement indicates that the unmarketed coal mine and the specialized reorganisation of the coal mine owned by the Shanxi Coal Group and its subsidiaries, while meeting the conditions and completing it, are in place.
In the event that the necessary decision is made, and in the interests of the shareholders of the listed company, such as acquisition, consolidation, reorganization, etc., the injection of such assets into the Shanxi Coal Company is initiated within two years, depending on the circumstances.
Preliminary projections of the national coal industry policy, licensing requirements and the coal market environment are expected to meet the acceptance assessment: 24q1 output affects performance release and 24q2 is expected to be reported in the 2023 annual report of 2.
The growth of the company’s output growth is a matter of continuing concern. \triangleright 3. Mount West Coal (000983.sz) 3-quarterly reporting point 2023
Remark: Performance meets expectations, marginal improvement in coal prices followed by \triangleright good - 2023/08/08
Twenty-three-year quarterly reviews: high dividends, high-quality assets, methodological and analytical logic, research findings, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.