Chang An (000625.sz) Deep Blue Sl03 announces a pre-sale price, locates the mainstream market with a wealth of smart configurations.
The car. The car. Tang Xuxia.
Position the market for medium-sized vehicles using a large-size suspended medium-screen with an ar-hud up display with hidden door handles, unboxed doors, low wind-retarding wheels, suspended tails, and cross-cutting led taillights. Deep blue sl03 has pure power, plug-in power, hydrogen, etc., long-range heights of 4820/1890/1480 mm and an axle range of 2900 mm.
Starting in 2020, as the demand for new energy consumption tilts towards the c-end, cars increasingly focus on the consumer experience of electric cars, more on the physical perception of new technologies, more intelligent functional design, and higher-middle-end new energy vehicle consumption. The larger axle range of medium-sized vehicles provides enough space for batteries to adapt to longer range and more sophisticated smart equipment, and industry needs rise.
And of the five new energy brands of the national lumin sequence, deep blue is mainly directed to the middle-end market. Long and deep blue is directed to the mainstream market, the first product is sl03, the prime price ratio, the smart configuration is rich, it will fill the company’s 200,000 yuan net sedan market gap, the target is 10,000-15 thousand per month, and delivery is expected to start in August, the second product is suv, the internal code 673, while maintaining one product per year or one product per half-year.
With the consumption demand boosted by this cycle of acquisition taxes, we believe that high-quality fuel trucks with a rich product matrix and new energy cars with strong product power, new product cycles, and high-quality car parts and components are expected to benefit as a matter of priority.
The new cycle of the series of +cs, with a build-up of new energy deep blue brands, and a relatively excellent business product cycle, is expected to fully enjoy the full range of the wheels. In 2022, the Group’s overall objective was 2.45 million vehicles (target equal to +6.5%).
In the early years of corporate intelligence, and in parallel with the four major transformations in advocacy, brands, products, and service models, it is hoped to benefit from the opportunities of self-empowerment. Given the stimulus of the acquisition tax policy, the second half of the year saw an upturn in the car market, adding a one-time investment gain (Avita's assessment of value added), we expect a whole-of-the-car research framework: industry background, business operations, stock price performance.
Market-based investment in whole cars is mainly based on sales and sales. From the point of view of market value = profit * market surplus: the key to the whole car is a speed increase, with p ' s incremental elasticity giving priority to the response, which determines the direction of the stock price over the medium and long cycles; profits (profits) are validated during subsequent order weeks to determine the extent of short-term price shocks; their impact includes the policy environment, economic conditions, cyclical attributes at the level of industry trends.
For products, management, raw materials, size, etc. at the enterprise endowment level -- disassembly, analyze, develop, capture the real value of the enterprise and industry -- is the core of the whole-car investment. Under this cycle of acquisition taxes that boost consumer demand, we believe that a high-quality fuel truck with a rich product matrix (low-oil solar class) can be expected to become
The benefits are expected to be prioritized by new energy companies with strong product power, new product cycles, and high-quality auto parts and components (Byadi, Ajiri, and Hwa). Longan cars have a high share of the 1.6-2l-volume-for-car fleet, an autonomous brand, the un-plus-cs new cycle, a build-up of new energy-deep blue brands, and a relatively excellent cycle of enterprise products, which is expected to fully enjoy the full range of the wheel.
Inches combined screens, 540° high-sight pan-view images, megascreen skylights, 6 airbags, six full-system matches, bringing high-value product body tests to users. (2) Univ was listed in March this year, with an official price range of $108.9 million - $13.19 million, with a sneaking back design, a whole car with a strong sense of motion and an electric lift and drop-down wing with an overall sense of technology using the design style of uni-k and a three-chamber approach.
Multifunctional steering wheels, 12.3-inch LCD controls, full LCD displays, etc. The GLID’s overall objective in 2022 was 2.45 million vehicles (the same target as +6.5%), which, according to branding, hit 1 million vehicles for sale, 250,000 vehicles for Europe, 200,000 vehicles for Kaich, 200,000 vehicles for overseas and new energy sources each this year, 350,000 vehicles for Anfort and 200,000 vehicles for Ma’a.
Deep blue sl03: pre-sale price of $17.98-23.18 million, positioning the new energy mainstream market. On June 25, Chongqing car was inaugurated, with Chang Xin's first strategic model sl03 officially opened for sale, with a price range of $179.98 million-23.18 million.
Detailed information on the pure electrical and incremental model was published at the launch, and the hydrogen fuel cell version is still to be released. Deep blue sl03 is based on the long-anepa1 pure platform, attached to the long-anse blue flag, and sl03 is 4820*1890*1480 mm wide, 2900 mm high, 0.78 wide, 0.6 long, and through the overall aerodynamics of the body of the vehicle.
Optimization, wind barrier as low as 0.23cd. Deep blue sl03 head-share light groups, designed to consist of day-time traffic lights in star-energy petals, energy-star interactive lamps, which can display vehicle-level information (p, r, n, d) and can also upgrade ota and expand the lighting library to show more scene animations.
Figure 5: Deep blue sl03 semi-sl03 and cross-cutting taillights. In the interior, long blue sl03 is based on technology, simplicity, and is equipped with 14.6 inches to drive intelligently towards sunflower screens, high-level leather holes.
Seals, electric hidden vents, 1.9 m X-ray skyscreens, silver river panels, 14 loudspeakers; high-car-loaded low-e glass that effectively blocks 99% UV, with a heat insulation rate of up to 80%.
In terms of technology configuration, long-sale bluesl03 has high arithmetic, zero-sense digital intelligence feedback, using high-level 815 car code chips, ar-hud, 3d holo-faced login, digital bluetooth keys and nfc card keys, and has a full-air smart scenario. On intelligent driving aids, deep bluesl03 will carry smart assistive driving configurations such as apa7.0 and nid 3.0.
With regard to the three power systems, the deep-blue full-power digital platform 's long-generation super-assembled power-driven system, with 95% maximum efficiency and 163 patents, can contribute to the low-energy consumption of the entire vehicle and drive the industry ' s power-driven growth towards high power density. The first global micronuclear high-frequency pulse heating technology mounted by the ultra-bureautic power-driven system is the randomly variable gbt open control, high-frequency pulse balancing algorithms with nvh, core safety and life control, power system durability design, etc.
Together, several major innovative technological clusters can achieve a 4°c/minute increase in battery temperature in a ~30°c environment, a 50% increase in low-temperature power, a 15% reduction in time to charge electricity, and an overall improvement in vehicle use in winter. Long-sleeved blue full-power digital platforms will also be equipped with a large number of industry heavy-pound technologies to lead the new energy markets in the future with a stronger combination of power.
With new demand for energy consumption tilted to the end of c, the demand for medium-sized vehicles rose, and the price of sl03 was low, and the configuration was rich. With the start of the self-generated demand for new energy booms in 2020, car companies will increasingly focus on the consumer experience of electric vehicles, more on the experience of new technologies, intelligent functional design, and rising consumption of new medium- and high-end energy vehicles.
A rate of up to 19% (a wider axle range provides enough space for batteries to adapt to longer range miles and more sophisticated smart equipment). The new energy medium-class car market is dominated by Teslamodel3, pap7 and Biadehan. (1) Model3 is the most powerful and listed, initially targeting traditional middle-level fuel luxury cars such as BM3, Mercedes C, Audia 4l.
Model3 is on the market, with more than 150,000 cars in 2021, ranked 6th in the entire medium-sized car market, the new energy sedan market, with the lowest start-up prices, and the actual target group is basically the same as Model3 and pap7. In 2021, the number of deliveries to Han was still 117323, after Teslamodel3, subject to a productivity ramp.
Sl03 is rich and low-priced as opposed to a competitively intelligent configuration. Deep blue sl03 body data is larger than model3, the axle range exceeds the B-class standard, the wind barrier is as low as 0.23cd, as compared to the model3 level, and the ar-hud is more on-the-spot, with high access to 8155 chips, supports the upgrade of the entire car to 0ta, and will be able to achieve a class 1-4 smart driver up to the future.
Biadi seal size (long * wide * total output power of the national production system)
The maximum output power of the power drive after a long voyage of 700km is 190kw with a maximum power of 175kw, a peak torque, 375n m, 230kw, a maximum torque of 360n m, 0-100km/h acceleration of 5.9 seconds.
320n m, a 100 km acceleration of 5.9 seconds. 5.6 seconds in depth. Autopilot hardware.
Amdryzen chip with 8155 chip system w-hud, digital bluetooth keys/nfc card keys, dilink15.6 Englishar-hud, 3d homogenous landing, digital bluetooth keys
Hud, digital bluetooth keys/nfc card keys are self-adapted to spin-floating pad, l2+ class holograms with acc keys/nfc card keys, 14.6 inch sunflower screens, high-level intellectual driving aids (apa7.0+nid3.0) 550/6500
The first product is sl03, which is based on the value of the sex, the intelligent configuration, which fills the gap in the company's 200,000 yuan pure sedan market with a monthly sales target of 10,000 to 15,000 vehicles, and is expected to start delivery in August; the second product is suv, code number 673, with follow-up guarantees that the pace of one product per year or half-yearly one product will be maintained, with six to seven products expected to be launched by 2025.
Entrepreneurship III. Accelerating strategic transformation. The Gyan vehicles are key to entrepreneurship III and to accelerating strategic transformation. With the key to `resolve transformation, innovation breakthroughs, digital drivers, efficiency gains', services build new development patterns, drive firm entrepreneurship III - innovative entrepreneurship schemes, and focus on the size of the Gyan vehicles, city occupancy rates, profits, etc.
In 2021, sales increased by 14.8 per cent in comparison with the previous year, with the corresponding increase of 0.8 percentage points in the share of the city, returning to the fourth place in the Automobile Group; Chang An, a Chinese branded car, sold 175,000 vehicles, an increase of 16.7 per cent in comparison with the same period, in the second place in the industry: China's branding and narrow use of vehicles were ranked second in the industry.
Innovative marketing models, competition for the future, enhanced top-level planning, and group smart marketing centres. Companies develop WFS-channel eco-planning, and create shared and light asset-based channel landscape changes to achieve efficient use of group-channel resources. Build the framework of the uniservice service system, the three-way construction of the five cities completes the pilot business, smart-guards, magic-changed curry appointments, etc.
It means that there are several lines of business within Chang-Ang, the core functions of which are, inter alia, user research, brand promotion and product marketing, and the shared platform means that all resources that the group can share must be integrated.
In addition, through the creation of new subsidiaries, companies have re-established completely different management mechanisms and incentives from traditional institutes. Accelerating the pace of strategic transformation and further optimizing the industrial layout. (1) In intelligent driving, continuing to build smart products with performance leadership, the "BeiDou"
In 2021, APA6.0 was launched to support automatic location search within 30 m, using mobile phone control, remote parking, with small parking accuracy reaching industry leadership; production of ar navigation, quadrupling, hand gesture control, track mode, smart welcome, and smart car control, leading more than a dozen industries, with excellent vehicle experience. (2) new energy layouts.
The product output layout is optimized and the Shangri-La project is moving at a more robust pace. Two new technologies have been launched: a new generation of super-collective electric power drives and power-drivers to break through battery zero, a new technology of fire technologies, the creation of an intelligent whole-of-area control device, Svdc, and the introduction of autonomous research and development of high-expanding, high-compatibility, high-utility, compact power grids. Cooperation with enterprises such as the China-China Lithium Power, the Ningde era, etc., has resulted in the upgrading of the battery safety and base of new energy products.
Designing the conversion and upgrading project for the factory in Yongbei, completing the reprogramming of the Chongqing power-driven production line to speed up the layout of the “3-power” industry.
In the early years of corporate smartness, while simultaneously focusing on four major transformations in advocacy, brands, products, and service models, it is hoped to benefit from the opportunities for self-empowerment. Given the stimulus of the acquisition tax policy, the second half of the year saw an upturn in the car market, adding a one-time investment gain (Avita's assessment of value added), we expect the automobile sector to recover less than expected, demand to recover later on the impact of the epidemic, and new vehicle orders to do less than expected.
"The performance of HSN-Long An Car -- 000625-2020h1: Performance meets expectations, products and projects move in an orderly manner " - Schedule: Financial forecasts and valuations Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author