The vanguard of the smelting device is clear, and the industry is very strong, and on 11th of April, 2025, the whole industry chain was integrated, and performance supported the company's increased red potential. The company was formerly Wu Giang wobbly.
\triangleright, which has been expanding upstream in the course of business development, has created a large chemical platform for deep “oil, coal, and chemical” integration.
In an extreme external environment of pressure, companies can also achieve positive performance; capital spending ends, companies are upstream, refineries and downstream new material platforms are almost complete, and we expect capital spending intensity in future companies to decline, and the company's red-dimension potential to rise.
Heavy oil feed is higher, the refinery is more complex, and the company's refinery installation industry is ahead. There are differences in the composition and physical properties of crude oil from \triangleright, the proportion of short-chain hydrocarbons in light oil is higher, and long-chain hydrocarbons in heavy oil.
The higher the ratio, the more difficult it is to process deep in the back. According to the environmental evaluation reports of multiple refineries, the company ' s input, Liu Hai Yong, has a relatively high proportion of heavy oil, reaching 60%, but the company ' s complexity and processing depth are still ahead.
Competing, mainly because the company has applied a number of advanced techniques, including boiling-bed oil with hydrogen cracking techniques, to further refine the slag oil into higher-value compositions, such as limebrain oil, to achieve higher economic efficiency.
For the benefit, the non-conversion component can also be processed flexibly into low-sulphur fuel oils or to a caricature device to achieve the refinery effectiveness The profitability of the company's products is expected to improve continuously. \triangleright
By means, thanks to technologies such as boiling beds, the company has greater aromatic aromatic production capacity, which can reach 4.5 million tonnes/year in px, and the profitability of aromatic aromatic products is relatively differentiated; the refinery light hydrocarbons are derived mainly from dry gas and liquefied gas generated by various devices, and the profitability of the products of the cartons increases in scope, with most of the products of the aromatic aromatic products being gross.
(b) On the polyester product plate, the supply rate of the industry has declined significantly, the inventory days in the chain are relatively low and the profitability of the company polyester plate is expected to improve continuously as demand continues to release.
Confuge's industrial chain is perfect and captures the emerging applications. In 2011, Confue came to the camp and currently has four production and research bases in the counties of Dalian, Dalian, South Tom and Su. It's a Helium petrochemical affiliate that focuses on building high-end, differentiated, green-friendly, functional film materials, high-performance engineering plastics and organisms.
A subsidiary of a degradable material. On the one hand, Confue will be able to obtain raw materials from a refinery, and on the other hand, a strong research team will be able to develop the corresponding materials for the scene and improve the company’s overall competitiveness.
The red potential is expected to increase, covering for the first time, with a “recommended” rating. \triangleright swims with less than expected risk.
The business layout of the “one drop of oil to everything” has been extended upstream to achieve the “one drop to everything” business layout.
Plants, initially developed through the sale of raw materials for the processing of weavers; in 2002, the permanent fibres board was established, the company started to produce polyesters and esters upstream, and the company ' s polyesters were growing in capacity and variety over the next few years; in 2010, the helium petrochemical (Grand Company Changing Island) industrial park was laid down, and the company formally marched into petrochemical products.
Industry, 2012-2015, company pta production line phase I and phase II successful; company refining integration project started construction at the end of 2015; company shell lending was successful in 2016; company refining integration project was fully operational in 2019; company ethylene project was successful in a single drive in 2020.
After the industrial platform, the company’s “platformization + new materials” layout made the company’s leading edge even more apparent.
The firm shares are clear, and the real owners are Chen Jianhua and Fan Hongwei. The Helium Group is the company's first shareholder, with 29.84% of shares, the second shareholder's constant investment, with 21.29% of shares, and the fourth shareholder's Decheng International, with 10.41% of shares, behind them are Chen Jianhua, Fan Hongwei and Fan Hongwei.
11.24 per cent of equity shares, the third largest shareholder. 1.2 Businesses continue to grow in size, business efficiency industry leads, revenue growth is robust and profits are volatile. Corporate revenue has grown steadily since it was listed, 2019.
By 2023, the company ' s operating income had reached 23.4.8 billion yuan, an increase of 5.61 per cent over the previous year; at the profit end, 2019 benefited from the full commissioning of the refinery, and the net profit of the company exceeded the $10 billion mark and continued positive growth in 2020 and 2021; and in 2022, the public.
Division profits have declined, mainly due to the relatively harsh external environment, a sharp increase in the cost end price, a 43 per cent increase in the current price of Brent crude oil year-on-year, while the demand side is relatively weak and price transmission is poor, crushing companies in leading industries, such as 2024h1 Roa, which is 1.51 per cent higher than the industry average; the Roe is 0.3 per cent;
For example, the company has achieved a sustained lead in operating efficiency. Figure 6: The company and its part in the Shinwan second-tier industry have contributed much of the company’s profits.
Gross profits from refined products were highest, reaching 56.84 per cent. 1.3 Steady business performance + declining capital spending intensity, company branches are cash-rich, and business layout can provide stable business support.
At the same time, the company’s business layout can contribute steadily to its performance, i.e., to the extreme external environment of high oil prices and demand in 2022, and it can also achieve positive performance.
The firm's capital spending intensity is expected to be low. The company's upstream refinery and the downstream new material platform are almost complete, and we expect that the company will not be able to plan a project with strong capital spending for the next few days.
The company’s potential for dividends is expected to increase continuously. Stable performance supports weaker capital spending, the company’s potential for dividends is expected to increase continuously, and the company has always focused on shareholder returns, and the company’s potential for dividends is expected to increase continuously for most of the years since it was listed.
2.1 Despite a higher proportion of heavy oil feed, the refinery process has demonstrated a higher degree of complexity and significant lead advantage.
2.1.1 The treatment of base oils and depressure slag oils is the key to the refining plant’s emergence. Great refining is the art of separation from purity. Oil is a complex mixture of tens to thousands of molecules and boiling points from constant temperature to above 500°C, so oil requires multiple refining, separation, or
The main task of major refining is to process crude oil efficiently and rationally into a variety of products. The treatment of the tar on the bottom and the depressure slag oil is the key to the refinery’s failure.
Broader, distillation technology is the most economical method of characterizing a complex system of crude oil. Usually, the fractions from the opening point to the 130°C are called petrol fractions, the fractions from the 130-230°C are called sea-coal fractions, the fractions from the 230-350°C are called diesel distillation, and when the temperature rises to more than 350°C, the fractions are called diesel distillation.
To prevent partial fractions from being decomposed, distillation would have to be done under depressure, and to convert boiling points under normal pressure to less than 350-500 °C, divided into lubricant fractions, higher than 500 °C for depressurized slag oil. The slag oil is a complex mixture of various hydrocarbon compounds, containing a greater amount of glue and asphalt, and is therefore more traditionally used to produce value added.
Low levels of asphalt and coke. The world’s crude oil resources are now gradually being re-modified, and the best benefits are derived from the poor quality of crude oil, which is the opportunities and challenges that major producers need to face, so it can be said that upgrading the heavy oil to process water, and the efficient depth transformation of the heavy oil is the key to improving the competitiveness of oil refineries.
2.1.2 The boiling-bed hydrogen process leads to a higher rate of conversion of the refineries, higher weight oil in the company's feed. There are differences in the composition and physical properties of crude oil of different qualities, higher in light oil, higher in short-chain hydrocarbons, higher in the heavy oil, more sticky in long-chain hydrocarbons, and more difficult in the rear.
The higher also, the higher the value added of the output, the lower the price of heavy oil. Figure 15: Comparison of prices of light crude oil (data up to 2025/01) - Basket price: crude oil: Iran ' s heavy oil (US$/bbl)
-Basket price: crude oil: Arab light crude oil (US$/barrell) according to the environmental assessment reports of various refineries, the proportion of heavy oil in the company’s feed was relatively high, reaching 60%. Despite the relatively high proportion of heavy oil in the feed, the company’s processing depth is still a global leader.
It is an important indicator of the refinery’s competitiveness, which is measured by the complexity of the units and the multiplier of the pass rates in the mills, so that the greater the number of back-track deep processing devices, the greater the complexity of the refinery as a whole, and the higher the complexity factor, which means more flexible selection of raw materials and stronger processing capacity.
The application of boiling-bed oil with hydrogen fission has led to a significant increase in the competitiveness of the company’s refineries. Hydrogen cracking is the refilling of hydrogen from the outside under the conditions of catalysts, causing heavy oil to crack into light matter such as petrocephalus, kerosene, etc.
The process of oiling. Hydrogen fission can be divided into fixed beds, boiling beds (also known as inflated beds), suspended beds, where fixed beds are those that form static catalyst layers in the reactor; boiling beds are catalysts that use fluid velocity to fully expose hydrogen, feedstock oil and catalysts to complete additions.
Hydrogen reaction processes, so that boiling bed processes are more efficient than fixed beds and more complex processes; suspended bedworks are similar to boiling beds, where catalysts and raw materials are pre-mixed and then react with hydrogen gas, but the craft is more invested and is far from industrialized.
The company's refinery uses the axens boiling bed plus hydrogen process, which, according to the axens technology description, achieves a 40-90% conversion rate, further converts the slag oil into higher-value quartz cerebral oils, etc.
To the cokering unit to maximize refinery benefits. Figure 19: Overview of axensh-oil technology flowcharts 2.2 Refinement coalification plants to further establish cost advantages
The company ' s 5 million tonnes/year coal-chemicals project, which is a complement to the refinery, achieved full input of six gas furnaces in 2019, providing a steady supply of 300,000 tons of pure hydrogen per year to the refinery, along with 750,000 tons of methanol and 400,000 tons of acetic acid and 126,000 tons of liquid nitrogen.
The refinery itself produces hydrogen by-products, (2) produces hydrogen by-products, (3) procures hydrogen by-products directly from outside sources. For the whole-hydrogen refining process, the refinery itself produces hydrogen by-products that are difficult to meet, and, given economics and stability, would have an advantage in investment costs per unit as an independent raw material, but coalhead routes are less expensive than raw materials in most gas-coal ratios.
This is why the combined costs will be more competitive. The conference was written by Begawa, Dalian Huayun, China Water Network, Nantong City Development and Reform Committee, and the Human Security Institute, which calculates the costs of Begawa, Dalian Huayun, the China Water Network, the Nantong City Development and Reform Committee, and the Human Security Institute.
At the same time, the acetic acid produced by the coal industry can also be supplied to the pta production line in the park and, because of the industrial chain cluster, large installations in the park can be integrated through the pipeline, optimized between transport, storage and cooling, maximizing the benefits of public works, so many of the products of the company are in the same category.
There is a certain cost advantage over their peers.
3.1 New energy materials, extension of industrial chains The 1.6 million tonnes/year high performance resin and new materials project was fully operational in the second half of 2024 and focused on the extension of the carbon-diverse chain of refineries and the improvement of coal-related production capacity.
The reduction in the proportion of major chemical products produced by companies and the increase in the output of fine chemicals and new materials have also helped our country to break through the restricted links between the “cricket” and “capacitation bottlenecks” of some of the materials.
Catalysing is the main way to acquire aromatic hydrocarbons, where the recombinant material is mixed in the extraction towers with a better solvent (e.g., cyclobutylene) solubility for aromatic hydrocarbons, and the mixture separates the solvents and aromatic hydrocarbons through the pyrotechnic towers. Thanks to the boiling-bed technology mentioned earlier, companies can use more raw materials for recombination, so they produce more aromatic hydrocarbons.
At present, the profitability of company aromatic products, such as pss, is divided by more than 70% of the profit scale, while pbat, px, styrene, biphenola, pbt, etc.
From the point of view of import dependency, as of 2024, we still have about 30 per cent of pc to import, and 20 per cent of pbt and px imports, as well as alternative domestic production; our imports of styrene, biphenola and pta are low, at less than 5 per cent.
3.2.1 Detergent filament: The supply end is slowing down and product profitability is expected to return. The long filament chain can be spread along the upstream industrial chain of polymer-poy-bullet-weaving-weaving-tweeding-dressing, etc., with differences in the fabric process.
Figure 25: Overview of the long silk chain of detergent industry The supply of the industry began to slow down. According to the National Statistical Office, the textile industry downstream polyester stocks were low in 2021 and 2022, and the rate of start-up was high in the last five years.
Since November 2024, the inventory of scrubbers in downstream knitting machines has been at a low level for the same period of the past five years, while the rate of start-up has remained high for the entire year 2024, with downstream demand or will continue to improve. Supply growth slows and demand overlaps, and polyester products will continue to improve for profit.
The data calculated that, as of 21 March 2025, the difference in raw material prices for Poy, dty and fdy was 1292, 2642, 1692 yuan/tonne respectively, that the Pey and Fody were at the low-middle-digit level of their respective price differentials over the past five years, that the industry was experiencing a resonance of supply and demand, and that the profitability of polyester products was or would continue to improve, leading to sustained growth in the company's performance.
Figure 33: Fdy price differentials (M/T, up to 2025/3/21) 3.3 HCZ plates: product profitability differentiated, some imports were more dependent than others
Distillation and secondary devices such as catalytic fission, delayed centrifugation, hydrogenification and aromatic hydroxylene fragmentation, with LCs mainly in c2/c3; and refinery liquefied gases derived mainly from LCL recovery and secondary processing units such as catalytic gas fractions, delayed cokeification, and hydrogenification, with LCs mainly in c3/c4.
In terms of profitability, the profitability of the products of the nuptylene plate is much higher, the majority of the products of the nuptial speculus are less than 30%, and as the downstream demand warms down, the nuptial nuptial nuptial product is more profitable, and as of 2024 more than 40% of the pom still needs to be imported in the country, hdpe, etc.
Imports of ethanol are also more than 20% dependent, and there is room for substitution from domestic production; imports of acetic acid, ethylene oxide, etc. are low in our country.
Con Fui is a fully-owned company of Helium petrochemicals, which settled at the camp in 2011 and currently has four production and research bases in Dalian, Southton and Suzhou.
Environmentally friendly, functional membrane materials, high-performance plastics and biodegradable materials, which together account for 45.14 per cent, 43.04 per cent and 2.85 per cent, respectively, in 2023. Functional membrane materials are synthetic high-molecular materials, which are mentioned by combining different coating materials with the membrane.
The field of film materials is mainly configured into two product categories: the bopet film and the lithium cell diaphragm. 4.1.1; and the diaphragm: leading the domestic market towards higher end.
The bopet film is a membrane made of two-way stretching, with excellent properties such as high mechanical strength, good optical performance, good electro-insulation performance, high temperature width and high chemical corrosion resistance. Packaging is the largest application downstream of the bopet film, through a combination of innovations in raw ingredients such as slices, masters, coatings, etc. during the production process.
Bopet films are also increasingly used in electronics, optical displays, new energy and information technology, etc.
The direct ester-melt pipe is transported to the thin membrane line, reducing the process of conversion of the molten into solid slices, so there is a defined cost advantage, but the production line is not flexible enough to produce more products with simple structure and low functional requirements; the slice method is based on the esterification and condensation of different products to match the substrates.
The slicing method is used more frequently to produce high-performance, differentiated, and structurally specific products, as well as to perform back-channel operations from the crowding machine. Confucing new material is now proficient in both the direct melting and the slicing processes, and nine pieces have been laid out at the camp base.
Direct molten French lines, including 6 8.7 m wide band lines and 3 10.4 m wide band lines, fully exploit the advantages of the camp base being close to upstream and to the port; at the Southton and Suzhou bases, the company's main distribution of the production capacity of the slicing method takes full advantage of the geographical advantage of being close to the market for downstream electronics and new energy sources.
There is still room for upgrading our middle- and high-end bopet film market. To benefit from the development of our manufacturing industry and the cost advantages of raw materials, transportation, etc., the export volume of our bopet film has increased significantly in recent years, with a significant increase in the size of our exports, according to the sum of tons of tons, and with the withdrawal of Japan and Korea from the ordinary bopet film market, my country
On the other hand, because of the early lack of medium- and high-end manufacturing and the corresponding lack of capacity of the country’s high-end bopet film, we need to import overseas products at high prices. Production of medium- and high-end bopet film requires a multi-pronged effort.
Competing, the medium- and high-end matrix requires that the powder type be adjusted to the demand of the film and the corresponding additions, so that indicators such as the permeability, fog, photozine, clarity, roughness, etc. of the film meet the requirements; (2) process technology is also a nuclear factor, the bopet film is a highly molecular material with a relatively complex functional structure, so the process threshold is higher, right?
It is also a challenge to process stability between different batches of products. Complimentary new material is actively laid out in the production of medium- and high-end bopets, which is expected to lead the country’s market for bopet membranes towards higher end.
Successfully developed and produced special granular matrix that meets the very high roughness properties of mlcc membranes, oca membrane, membrane monolithic and photolytic, etc., with extremely difficult matrix formulations; (2) process technology, congenial matrix
New materials master a range of core technologies, such as two-way extruded polyester membrane technology, coating formulation design and application technology, and continue to break through the technical barriers. In 2023, revenues from high-end bopet membrane sales reached 23.19 per cent in Conde New Materials, an increase of nearly 10 pct in the same year.
Figure 41: Bopet film series layouts of Confut new material 4.1.2 Lithium battery diaphragms: output lines are efficient and benefit from growth in industrial chain release. In the area of lithium cell diaphragms, Confu new material wet-based membranes are customised to be introduced into the Japanese Chipo production line at a speed appropriate to the speed of the vehicle
To reach 60-90m/min with a width of 5.5-6.0m and ahead of the industry average; to import dry-famous membranes with a sml flow extension of 1.6m with an effective spread of up to 120m/min, and to develop, in conjunction with suppliers, an online de-fired extension line with a process loss rate of about 10 per cent, and to look at a combination of the new congenial drying.
A 15-20 per cent reduction in the cost of French-based films compared to their counterparts; the use of integrated clothing equipment to improve efficiency, coupled with the rapid release of power lithium batteries, storage capacity lithium batteries, and the replacement of small lithium batteries in the consumer electronic domain, the global demand for lithium cell diaphragms is expected to continue to grow at a rapid rate, and the new material is expected to grow globally.
It is expected that industry will benefit fully from the larger industrial trend by leading production lines. Figure 43: Global projections of lithium battery output by power, Figure 44: Global projections of lithium battery output by storage
Figure 45: Global emission projections for small lithium batteries 4.2 high-performance engineering plastics: stable growth in demand, firm corporate leader position.
Pbt engineering plastics are used mainly in the silk field, and in automobiles, home appliances, fibre-optic cables. The demand for pbt engineering plastics is expected to increase steadily.
With the development of industrial chains such as technology, domestic demand for the pbt market is expected to grow steadily. According to data from China, by 2022, our consumption of pbt was 710,000 tons, and our consumption of pbt rose to 770,000 tons in 2023, with annual consumption accounting for about one third of the world ' s total and the world ' s largest consumption of pbt.
Countries; globally, the demand for pbt engineering plastics is expected to grow robustly in the light of the trend towards a “plastic steel, plastic wood” industry. Companies are at the forefront of the domestic pbt market, and, as of April 2025, the company’s pbt production capacity was responsible for the country’s gross domestic product.
19%. Given the company's tariff advantages for exporting Japan and Korea, as well as the pre-existing advantages of doing business and the range advantages of being located at the base of the camp, the company's leading position in pbt plate business is expected to be maintained. 4.3 Biodegradable Materials: Important Materials for Addressing “White Contamination”
Biodegradable material means a plastic that is degraded by the presence of a microbial activity in nature, under conditions such as soil or sand, or under specific conditions, and ultimately completely degraded to carbon dioxide or/or methane, mineral inorganic salt in water and its elements, and new biomass.
And bulk materials such as bdo, which are used downstream mainly in such areas as daily and agricultural packaging bags (e.g., commercial shopping bags, takeout boxes, delivery bags, etc.) and agricultural membranes. The demand for pbat is expected to continue to grow. With global and Chinese “restricted” and “restricted” policies,
Gradual landing, biodegradable materials such as pbat will gradually replace traditional plastics with their degradation and environmentally sound advantages. In the future, demand for biodegradable materials pbat will increase rapidly. 5 Profit predictions and investment proposals.
5.1 Profit projection assumptions are split with operations Main business of the company covers refining, aromatics, aromatics, aromatics, basics, fine-chemicals and downstream multi-areas Full commissioning of capacity such as tons of ethylene/year, and continued progress of the downstream chemical industry chain of new materials
For example, helium petrochemical revenues are divided mainly into refined products, pta, polyester products, other major businesses, and other refining plates: currently, refined oil production is close to peak, small-scale refinery production phase-out is accelerating, public
The Division, as a leading business in refining integration, is expected to have a strong future in terms of stock competition. In combination with trade operations, it is expected that the decline in trade volumes has led to a decline in the refined plate harvest in 2024; and for stability, sales averages have increased as a result of, inter alia, a recovery in downstream demand.
5 million tons of pta capacity is on the slope, and sales of company pta are expected to increase further in 2024 on a year-on-year basis, 3) polyester product plates: taking into account the capacity of new material projects such as the company ' s annual production of polyester membranes in 2024 and 800,000 tons of functional plastics, and the decline in the polyester plate scrubbing filamentary industry due to the increase in supply
The revenues from the polyester product plate will reach $44.350 billion, $48.785 billion and $53.664 billion, respectively, respectively, and we expect that (1) the refining plate: the refined product upstream is directly affected by crude oil prices, the downstream product is dispersed and is associated with macro-demands, and at this point in time we expect future oil prices to be at the centre of future oil prices.
Block: The company is a leading company in the pta industry, where plant production is stable and the production costs are competitive.
Taking into account that there are many companies in a listed business that are similar to the company's business model, we value the company using a valuation method and select a share in the same company as a company that has been chosen as a comparable company, namely, a petrochemical control plant, a savanna petrochemical plant, a plant that has been built in Brunei, and a lot of petrochemicals in China.
Given that the company’s refinery efficiency is ahead of schedule, the product structure is expected to improve continuously, and we believe that the company’s valuation has the potential for further improvement.
For the first time, it was covered with a “recommended” rating. 1) There is a risk of large fluctuations in the prices of raw materials, such as crude oil.
The end will be under pressure, and higher oil prices will lead to higher prices for other relevant raw materials; a large drop in crude oil prices will affect the sale price of the company’s end product and the company’s performance; 2) the risk of deteriorating geopolitical relations. If geo-policy relations deteriorate, for example, for a crude oil-exporting country.
The crude oil embargo, for example, will have an impact on crude oil prices; 3) downstream demand will not be as high as expected. Large downstream products, such as long silk, are closely related to demand, and sales of large refined products will be affected by lower downstream demand than expected.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.