The cash flow of the operation has improved, and there has been a remarkable performance along the way, and on March 28, 2025, China handed over construction (60180.0.sh)
Business income has grown steadily, and new contracts for urban construction have been growing faster. In 2024, the company achieved a business start-up rate of 17005.82,526,617 million new contracts for construction/base construction/drawling operations.
The Māori rate for base construction accounts has increased and cash flow for business has improved. In 2024, the company combined gross interest rate was 12.29 per cent, with a decrease of 0.31 pct, with Māori rates for capital construction/base construction planning/drawling operations being different.
Inflow of $441 million more than in the same period in the previous year. The improvement in operating cash flows was mainly due to increased project returns due to improved cash flow management and greater liquidity of the company, which accounted for $38.460 billion, or 75 per cent of new contracts in offshore areas.
Rapidly, new contracts amounting to $70,534.7 million, an increase of 46.43 per cent over the same period, provided new growth momentum for the company’s future development through active deployment in areas such as energy conservation and environmental protection, new energy sources, new materials, and a new generation of information technology industries. At the same time, the company accelerated the transformation and upgrading of new areas of operation for engineering projects from water projects/energy workers.
The newly signed contract for the pipeline/farming/pastoral/fishing project amounted to $813.84/85.05/764.09 million, and the company Galactic Construction commented on the increase in non-net profits in China, resulting in a significant improvement in cash flows.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the Galaxy securities at the date of their initial publication, which may be issued elsewhere than in the present report.