The Ningpo Bank is a pragmatic and deep-deeper local market, and its profitability is among the top of the industry. The Ningpo Bank has maintained its high profitability, its performance has increased and its level of roe has been maintained in the industry.
Corporate asset quality performance is at a better level of industry, and we believe that this is an important factor in the existence of a premium on the company’s valuation of a more central level of industry. Given the company’s long-term profitability and its high resilience to risk, the upscaling of the company’s ratings has increased to buy.
Realistically deep-ploughing the local market, profit-making at the top of the industry, private-market genetics, and pragmatically deep-ploughing the local market. The share of private shareholders and managers in the Nimbaan equity structure is significantly higher than that of listed bankers, creating markets for companies that are different from those of other banks.
The company’s management is stable, pragmatic, leading the team to plough the local market, and the regional municipalities are clearly better off than their counterparts, laying the foundation for a robust growth of corporate performance. Profitability remains a top industry, with a more balanced income structure.
20.1% increase (19.9% in vs 2018) continues to be at the forefront of the industry; the main business is performing well, with profits rising by 23.4%/25% from the same time before collection/resourcing. Companies are actively developing credit, investment, etc., together with the promotion of asset-end expansion.
Asset quality remains excellent and performance is more certain. Thanks to the regional economic advantage and solid wind control base, Ningpo Bank assets maintained excellent quality, with a poor loan rate of 0.78 per cent at the end of the first quarter of 2019.
In the context of economic uncertainty, we believe that Ningpo Bank performance is more certain than ever, given the company’s long-term robust profitability and greater risk resilience.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting, economic downside over-expected, financial over-intended.
I'm so excited. I'm so sorry.