Liao morning Kay's performance report: the basics are better and growth continues. Ningpo Bank issued a performance forecast, and the company expects to collect $16.2 billion in 1h2019, while yoy's increase is 19.8 per cent.
The net gain of $6.8 billion, or 20.0 per cent for yoy, corresponds to 19.4 per cent annualization of the loans held by the company in the first half of this year, and it is expected that the company’s small and medium-sized farmers and its consumer loans will continue to lead to high growth. Firms are growing, and we maintain “buy-in” investment proposals.
19.8% net gain of 6.8 billion, or 20.0% for yoy, corresponding to 19.4% annual roe growth in the first half of the 2q quarter: in the first half of the year, the company showed a very strong balance, lower than its counterparts, reflecting better asset quality. Ningpo Bank has better control.
Capabilities: Loan projects are approved by the consortium on a uniform basis, and the company’s actual operations are known by reference to the company’s utility bill, the tax bill. As far as the level of the provision is concerned, the better quality of the company’s assets is also reduced by the pressure on its provision, as far as the company’s 1h2019 is concerned.
The loan ratio was 4.1%, the same as in 1q2019, and given the current high level of provision, we believe that it is sufficient to support the subsequent profit struggle. Capital replenishment is on the way: Ningpo Bank has a non-public equity scheme and has already won Ningbo silver.
The IMSS has approved that the financing is not expected to exceed 8 billion. We calculate that if released successfully, the company will be upgraded and the overall capital adequacy rate of the company is expected to increase by 1.3 pct. The three capital adequacys of 1q2019 companies will further raise their capital levels to support the expansion of their assets.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not made by individual customers. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.