Ningpo Bank continues to raise interest margin, profits are rising fast enough to meet expectations. Ningpo Bank's profit growth in the first half of the year is expected.
Upgrade, and the quality of assets remains the best in the industry. Consider the company's long-term sound profitability and the growth in profitability that is expected, the fees that are fast increasing are bright, the interest differentials continue to rise, and the profits that are fast increasing.
Ningpo Bank increased its net profit by 21.1 per cent in the first half of the year prior to the provision, slowing it by 3.8 percentage points from the first quarter, but the net profit of the company in the first half of the year was 20 per cent higher than the 9bps in the second quarter, rising at the same rate as in the first half of the year and meeting our expectations. The same rate of growth was 19.7 per cent in the first half of the year.
In order to improve the growth of interest income through the implementation of the new financial instruments guidelines in the year, we have remained active on a net scale, with a 5.77 per cent increase in the loan ring ratio and a one-quarter increase in the ring rate (+4.13 per cent) and a 24.5 per cent increase in lending.
As of 2019h, total Ningpo Bank assets increased by 12.0 per cent/3.83 per cent, or 3.4 percentage points more than the previous quarter. At the end of the debt, deposits grew by 2 quarters, and companies outperformed their peers' capacity to absorb. Ningpo Bank lost 1.81 per cent of its net interest rate in the first half of the year, equal to the same year, cutting it off.
With the impact of the new financial instruments guidelines, the same calculus rises by 26bp. We measure a single-season net interest difference of 1.69 per cent for Bank Ningpo for the second quarter, continuing to increase by 3bp over the first quarter, mainly because of lower end-of-debt costs than asset end-of-service earnings, moving below the cost of a corporate liability.
The negative rate remains low, and the provision continues to be strong. Ningpo Bank has a negative rate of 0.78 per cent for the second quarter, which is flat from the first quarter, and the non-performing loan rate continues to be low.
By the end of the second quarter, Ningpo Bank had a loan/non-performing loan rate of 90 days or more at the market rate of 4.09 per cent on August 29, 2019, and the provision level remained at the highest level in the listed banks.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Company Ltd. has exceeded expectations in terms of asset quality.
I'm so excited, I'm so curious, I'm getting better at it, I'm getting better at it, I'm getting better at it, I'm getting better at it, I'm getting better at it, I'm getting better at it, I'm getting better at it, I'm getting better at it, I'm getting better at it, I'm getting better at it, I'm getting better at it, I'm getting better at it, I'm getting better at it, I'm getting better at it, and I'm getting better at it.
The net profit before the Ningbo bank was set aside in the first half of the year increased by 21.1 per cent over the same period and slowed by 3.8 percentage points from the first quarter, but the cost of corporate credit in the second quarter increased by 20.0 per cent over the first half of the year when the 9bps supported the company ' s net profit, at the same rate as in the first half of the year and at the same rate as in the first quarter, as we expected. In the first half of the year, the disturbance of the instrument guidelines, in order to improve the growth of interest income, was considered through a combination of net interest income and investment earnings.
On the scale of credit lending, the net-interest spread ring continues to rise, with Ningpo Bank lending increasing by 5.77 per cent in the second quarter, the ring increasing by one quarter (+4.13 per cent) and driving by 24.5 per cent in the same year. Structurally, corporate loans and individual loans grew by 10.6 per cent/0.2 per cent compared to the beginning of the year.
As of 2019h, the total assets of Ningpo Bank increased by 12.0 per cent/3.83 per cent, or 3.4 percentage points more than the previous quarter. At the end of the debt, deposits grew seasonally for the second quarter, rising 1.57 per cent, but remained at a high 20.2 per cent growth compared to the same period last year, reflecting the company’s superior capacity to co-operators.
The quarterly single-season net difference of 1.69 per cent, which continues to rise by 3 bp over the first quarter, is mainly due to the fact that the liabilities are driven down by the cost of the inter-operability liability, which is higher than the return on the asset end.
Ningpo Bank had a negative rate of 0.78 per cent for the second quarter, which was equal to the one quarter, and the non-performing loan rate continued to be low in the industry. 2-quarter interest subprime loans fell by 1 bp to 0.63 per cent compared to the ring, while the quality of corporate assets continued to be excellent. We measured the negative production rate of the company for the second quarter at about 0.48 per cent, which was maintained at a lower level, down by 52 bp from 1 quarter. As at the end of the 2-quarters, the ratio of loans/unperforming loans to Ningpo Bank that were more than 90 days overdue was as at the end of the 2-month period.
96.45 per cent, an increase of 14.02 percentage points from the end of 2018, and a slight relaxation of the negative determination criteria compared to 2018. Overall, we believe that the quality of corporate assets remains robust, but that the undesirable relaxation is a matter of concern.
Ningbo banks maintain excellent profitability, performance growth and roe levels at the top of the industry, and corporate asset quality performance is better. At the same time, Ningpo banks have a significantly higher shareholding ratio of shareholders to management in their equity structure than their listed counterparts, bringing companies away from the private market genetics of other banks, pragmatic management stability, and a strong local market base, which we think is the company’s estimate.
We maintain a net profit growth rate of 19.0 per cent/18.7 per cent in 19/20, and the current downside of the corporate stock economy leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected. As a pro-cyclical sector, banks are more relevant to corporate business development than to economic development.
Downwards, banks’ asset quality is at risk of deterioration, thus affecting their profitability. At present, US-American trade is sawing, macroeconomic uncertainty, and, as a follow-up, economic dynamics need to be closely monitored.