Ningpo Bank (002142): Sustained performance. Ningpo Bank. Ningpo Bank's semi-annual performance in 2019.
The growth in revenue was high, with a 19.7 per cent increase in the year-on-year rate of 1h19 battalion, with a 16.2 per cent increase in the 19q2 quarter-on-year rate and a 0.7 per cent decline in the ring. The two-quarter spread is expected to be smoother.
522% coverage, or the highest level of listing. Taking into account the availability of non-target assets at the end of 2018, investment recommendations: performance is as expected and continued high growth rate (1) performance is as high as expected.
Long. There is plenty of room for profit, taking into account the level of full-calibre provision. (2) Keeping in view the high-roe growth attributes of the company. Under regional advantages and market-based business mechanisms, Ningpo Bank’s unique SME hosts, high-end clientele positioning among individuals, provide a wide range of opportunities for profitable growth.
The previous round of bad upward cycles has been tested. (3) During the second half of the year, debt swaps and a fixed increase of 8 billion are expected to be completed, further capital build-up and short-term spread of the roe level, but in the medium and long term it will help to group the public.
In the context of rising revenue and wind control capabilities in the development of long, light and diversified capital, we expect the source of financial prosperity in the East, the Ningbo Bank (002142): performance continues to be excellent and deposits are growing brightly.
Schedule: Corporate Profit Forecast Tables Source of Eastern Finance and Surgery
A forward-looking investment analysis by the Research and Banking Unit.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Ningpo Bank (002142): performance continues to be excellent and deposits are growing brightly.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.