The Ningpo Bank keeps up with a fast increase in performance, the provision continues to be strong, the Ningpo Bank maintains excellent profitability, performance increases and the roe level keeps up with the industry, the public.
The Division ' s asset quality performance is at a better level of industry, and we believe that this is an important factor in the existence of premium premiums for corporate valuations at a more central level of industry.
The net profit of Ningpo Bank increased by 20.0% in the first half of 19th year, which is what we expected. The rate of increase in the first half of the year was 19.7%, a slight deceleration from the first quarter, but still high levels in terms of size.
The Ningbo Bank has remained active for the second quarter, with loans growing by 9.8 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, pushing the total asset schedule. Quarterly growth slowed seasonally to 0.6 per cent, but remained high at 19 per cent compared to the same period last year, reflecting companies' better-than-worker capacity to absorb reserves.
The bad rate is stable and the provision continues to be strong. Ningpo Bank had a negative rate of 0.78 per cent at the end of the second quarter of 19 years, the ring was flat at the end of the first quarter, and we measured a negative production rate of about 0.52 per cent for the company, maintaining it at an absolute low level and maintaining excellent asset quality performance.
On this basis, the company continues to build up its provision, with a 2-quarter extension of the coverage ring from 2 pcc to the expected decline in asset quality, and financial regulation exceeding expectations.
Qualified for portfolio investment consulting business, sensitisation, lucidity.
The Bank of Ningpo published its semi-annual fast report for 2019, with net profits equal to +20.0 per cent in the first half of 2019. Total assets of 1.2 trillion yuan (+12.0 per cent, yoy/+3.83 per cent, qoq). Total loans of 19.2 per cent yoy; deposits + 19.0 per cent yoy/+0.58 per cent qoq. Operating income of the same year + 19.7 per cent. Performance met expectations, with asset end-sending remaining positive.
The net profit of Ningpo Bank increased by 20.0% in the first half of the year, which was 19.7% higher than in the first half of the year, slightly slower than in the first quarter, but still at a higher level. On the scale, Ningpo Bank was active in the second quarter, with the loan ring growing by 9.8% compared to the beginning of the year, pulling total assets up by 8.0% compared to the beginning of the year, and rising by 2 percentage points to 11% compared to the first quarter.
On the basis of the negative rate of 0.78% at the end of the second quarter of 1919 and the flat rate of the ring, we measured a negative rate of 0.52% for the company in the second quarter, maintained at an absolute low level, and maintained excellent asset quality performance. On this basis, the company continued to build up a firm with a two-quarter coverage ring that kept its profitability excellent, its performance high and its roe level at the top of the industry, and its asset quality performance was similar.
At a better level, we think it's an important factor in the company's valuation of premium premiums at the central level of the industry. We maintain the company for 19/20.