Higher oil price increases have resulted in lower losses in upstream operations, with year-round performance of 38.373 billion net profits of the shareholders of the parent company, an increase of 31.6 per cent over the year; revenue per share of 0.317 dollars; crude oil production has continued to decline, gas production has increased significantly, and exploration and development operations have continued to lose.
\triangleright achieved 332.63 million barrels of oil and gas equivalent in the previous three quarters, an increase of 3.2% over the previous three quarters, of which crude oil production was the same as the other billions, a loss of RMB 3,893 million on the same month. Despite the continued rise in international oil prices in the previous three quarters, it was affected by the previous three quarters.
Low oil prices impact. Crude oil production is lower. The unit cost of production is higher. The closure of inefficient wells leads to a reduction in the demand for polyolefins and the continued \triangleright of chemical panels.
The company produces more than 11 million tons of ethylene per year and more than 15 million tons of synthetic resin, the largest ethylene and resin in the country. The unit is the production base compared to the trend of 300 tons deep.
A total of 57,580,000 tons, or 14.1 per cent more than in the same year, were generated by the chemical plate, which generated revenues of RMB 16,727 million, or 8.3 per cent more than in the same year. Since June, when the membrane began to move into traditional marketing seasons, the price of polyvinylene has started to rise in a new round.
The introduction of a ban on the importation of garbage next year will exacerbate supply constraints, and the chemical panels will continue to be characterized by high temperatures, while the refined plates, which are stable, remain the main profit-contribution operation, saw a 1.3 per cent increase in the volume of crude oil processed by companies and a 1.1 per cent increase in the production of finished oils, including gasoline, in the previous three quarters.
This represents an increase of 1.5 per cent in the same year, a 6.3 per cent increase in kerosene and a 1.3 per cent decrease in diesel fuel. The proceeds from the refining of the plates were human, RMB 43,854 million, or 3.4 per cent in the same year. The refining operations benefited from the price increases resulting from the existing pricing mechanisms for finished oils, stock additions and the upgrading of the quality of finished oils.
The company has 290 million tons of refined oil capacity and approximately 230 million tons of crude oil processed annually, which is the main contributor to the profits. The sales plate has a steady performance, and future offshore listing is expected to significantly improve the company's valuation. The sales plate has a more stable performance, with non-oil operations growing faster.
150 million tons, an increase of 3.1 per cent over the same year; 32.9 per cent over the same year for gas for vehicles; and 3.3 per cent below the same year for non-oil transactions, mainly as a result of the sale of oil products, which is partly affected by the sale of profits. The bill on the independent listing of sales plates has been adopted and is expected to be marketed outside China next year.
In order to stimulate the dynamism of enterprises, enhance market competitiveness, activate the enormous development potential of new and emerging businesses (non-oil products), it can also significantly increase the value of China’s petrochemical enterprise as a whole.
China's petrochemical (600028) research report: Refined oils and chemicals have a high temperature and sales are listed twice, 11 times and 10 times as high, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.
Four major panels were active, with net profits increasing on a quarterly basis and a significant fall in international oil prices; lower prices for polyvinyl hydrocarbons; and less than expected reforms in the hydrocarbon sector.
Yang Xiaohui, “Tian-Eye” 2015: Graduated from Northwestern University, graduate from China Oil University (Beijing) and graduate in chemistry, China, from August 2010 to February 2016.
In March 2016, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities advisory profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding, and sought to be objective, impartial and free from any third party by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions.