Researchchand developmentcenter has experienced strong growth in the operations of the main battalion, with four major plates working together to advance the long-term
The main business grew strongly on September 08, 2021, and the four major blocks worked together to advance long-term development.
Growth of 49.81 per cent; net return to mother ' s profit of $565 million, or 17.93 per cent over the same period; strong growth in non-mother ' s net main battalion operations, resulting in an increase in efficiency in operations by size. 1) $1.486 billion for battalion 2,021q1 \triangleright
The platform of "full-process, integrated" has significant advantages. 1) Laboratory chemical operations continue to be directed to biological \triangleright scientific operations, cmc/cdmo operations, which will significantly increase the number of cmc/cdmo operations
(221h1 drug molecules or intermediates 695 projects); 2) accreditation of the Integrated Clinical Development Services (IDS) platform, 2021h1 for 44 multinational co-reporting projects (ind/nda declarations); 3) special platform for the integration of “radioisotope compounds synthesis-clinic-analysing” for the promotion of overseas clinics
Merger and purchase, parallel to self-construction, to expand capacity and enhance power. 1) Tianjin plant III (40,000 \triangleright cmc/cdmo capacity; first part of Hangzhou Bay II project (120,000 m2) has already been implemented
2021q1 was launched and the construction of Part II (42,000 m2) has begun, with further expansion of laboratory services and cmc/cdmo capacity; phase I of Shashing plant (81,000 m2) upgrading of post-clinical and commercial cmc production capacity; phase II of Hangzhou Bay Park (nearland) project
Seventy thousand m2) is expected to take over the Big Molecular Gmp Production Services project in the first half of 2023. 2) 2021h1, the company acquired a hit-and-commit drug to develop its security assessment business and allergan biologics to upgrade its cgt capabilities.
Risk factors: declining demand for R & D inputs and outsourcing in the pharmaceutical industry, exchange rate movements, industry competition and drama, policy implications, risk of international policy changes.
I've got a strong growth in the operations of the 1st Main Camp, which has led to an increase in the efficiency of operations.
Business income increased at the same time as the adjusted net profit from noon-ifrs return. In the first half of 2021, benefiting from corporate advantages, business laboratory services and the further promotion of high-profile cmc/cdmo operations, company performance continued to grow at a high rate of $3.286 billion, with an increase of 49.81 per cent compared with the increase of $1,486 million in the major battalion operations and a turnover of 2,021q1 million compared with the increase of the same period.
55.28 per cent, or 1,796 million yuan, of operating income from 2021q2, an increase of 45.56 per cent over the same period. 2021h1, the company ' s loss of net return profits and the increase in the size of its new business, which is still low in construction, are the main reasons for the low rate of increase in net return profits.
Figure 2: Conlon’s transformation into net profit scenario (millions of dollars) has seen strong growth in the dominant business, and emerging business is expected to drive the future at a fast pace. Benefiting from the company’s leading research and development power, the empowerment of a physical platform, global team collaboration, global epidemic mitigation, 2021h1, corporate laboratory industry, etc.
Revenues from services increased by 2,027 million yuan, or 41.35 per cent, from cmc/cdmo operations by 762 million yuan, or 50.59 per cent, from the same year, from clinical research services by 423 million yuan, or 74.07 per cent, from the same year. At the same time, for the first time, companies disclosed data on large molecules and cell and base collections for therapeutic services by 2021h1, or 72 million yuan, or 2.18 per cent, from the company in the emerging technological field.
The layout is expected to create the next high-growth business. A decline of 0.10 percentage points in comparison, with further improvements in the efficiency of the scale of laboratory services and cmc/cdmo operations, resulting in a marked increase in the Māori rate, the appreciation of the RMB against the United States dollar, and sustained corporate investment in the new low Māori business
The resulting decline in the Māori rate is partly offset by a small fluctuation in the Māori rate of the company. 2021h1, the net interest rate of the company ' s return to its home country is mainly the result of losses due to the increase in the h-equity price of $300 million in the fair value of the debt (100 billion economies of scale significantly lowers the administrative cost rate and continues to fall over the period). 2021h1, the company ' s current cost rate is 14.98 per cent.
This represents a decrease of 0.47 percentage points, with a management cost rate of 11.08 per cent (-2.05 pp), a scale effect that continues to improve corporate transport efficiency and reduce management costs; and a financial cost rate of 0.002 per cent (+1.46 pp), a loss on exchange that results in significant financial costs being used in line with the increase in revenue, which remains largely stable.
Figure 8: Income-generating, per capita income-generating (non-mother-to-child) scenarios of Conlonized adults
Laboratory services: Sustained integration advantage, with a significant flow effect of 2021h1, with a total operating block of 2,027 million yuan, an increase of 41.35 per cent, a gross profit of 851 million yuan, and a global leader.
The company's biosciences operations were initially scaled up to 45.76 per cent in the first half of the year; the laboratory chemical services and biology section, in order to further enhance research and development, developed a drug safety evaluation (bioscience) business, acquired shares of 50.01 per cent of the total amount of pharmaceutical biotech, Inc., and the second phase of the Ningpo Park laboratory began with a roll-out in 2021q1.
Figure 10: Gross increase in profit from laboratory services (billion yuan) cmc/cdmo operations: impending double growth in project and production capacity 2021h1 with a total of 762 million yuan in the portfolio, an increase of 50.59 per cent in the same year and a gross profit of 279 million yuan in the same year
89.80 per cent increase. As numerous drug discovery projects accumulated in the previous period enter the drug development phase, the number of projects is expected to increase significantly, with 695 drug molecules or intermediates (467 preclinical, 197 clinical i/ii, 27 clinical iii, commercialization and process validation) during the reporting period, while the company ' s capacity is gradually falling to the ground, the Tianjin factory III
Phase 202101 has been put into use, and phase one of the Shashing plant is expected to be partially operational in the second half of 2021, which, in conjunction with 2,160 cmc/cdmo employees, will significantly enhance the company ' s ability to carry and deliver orders.
Clinical research services: building an integrated global platform for clinical development services 2021h1, with a total operating block of 423 million yuan, an increase of 74.07 per cent, a gross profit of 60 million yuan, a 13.21 per cent increase, and a decline in the gross profit rate, mainly due to sustained corporate investment in scaling up and capacity-building.
The portfolio currently has a total staff of 2,848, an increase of 640 compared to late 2020. The advantages of the integration platform are significant, with companies building an integrated platform for clinical development services, which can be found in China and the United States at the same time.
Countries or Europe submit drug-ind applications, and the R & D package is increasingly recognized by clients, with 2021h1 conducting 55 declarations of clinical trials of new drugs (ind) or new drugs (inda) and multi-country declarations of 44 projects. The Division's unique Integrated Service Platform for Synthesis-Clinical-Analysis of Radioisotope Compounds promotes overseas clinical research uniforms
Big molecules and cell and gene therapy: in the emerging area of accelerated layout, building a new engine of growth, the company disclosed for the first time that it received revenue from the business, 2021h1, which generated $71.6614 million, exceeding the increase since the acquisition of abbsortionsystems in November 2020, when it completed allerganbiologics in 2021q2.
While the acquisition of Limited, the upgrading of the process of cell and gene therapy product development and the full-process cdmo service capacity of cgmp production, the first phase of the Hangzhou Bay 2nd Park (almost 70,000 square metres) has begun to be installed internally, construction is expected to begin in the first half of 2023 with the large molecules ' gmp production services, and the continued expansion of capacity will take place
1) Risk of decline in research and development inputs and outsourcing requirements in the pharmaceutical industry Corporate ownership of medical clinical trials and related services, direct demand for research and development inputs from pharmaceutical enterprises and outsourced services Corporate ownership income is predominantly expressed in United States dollars, some projects are settled in euros and pounds sterling, if future exchange rate fluctuations are compared
Large, companies may have a negative impact on their income growth. Companies face competition from the research and development sectors of their own by various professional cro/cdmo institutions or large pharmaceutical companies, as well as competition from new entrants to the market, weak competitive advantages of their own industries, and adverse corporate performance and performance.
The pharmaceutical industry is subject to strict regulation and companies operate more heavily as a result of industry regulations and standards. (5) The risk of international policy change is that companies earn a larger share of their main business income from outside the country and a large proportion of their clients are overseas pharmaceutical and biotech companies.
The demand for outsourced services abroad will be influenced by local government attitudes toward Chinese service providers in the pharmaceutical outsourcing industry. Companies’ operations and performance will be adversely affected, for example, by growing trade tensions between countries or by the initiation of restrictive policies or measures by some countries on the technical or research activities of China’s pharmaceutical outsourcing industry.
Jo Yah-hyun, member of the team, Master of Chemistry at the University of Xian Transport, joined the Sindh Portfolio in 2021, and was employed as a Cdmo, Medical Discharge, Li Yu-Ten, member of the team, and a doctor of medicine at the Beijing Institute of Medical Sciences. Five years of work experience in the pharmaceutical industry. He worked in BioMeriel, Baker Mankulte (Dannah Group) and had a great deal of experience in the business.
Stewardin, a member of the team, Master of Pharmacy, Shanghai Transport University, worked in clinical corowork at ppccca and paraexel, adding a credit card in 2021 for research in the cxo industry. The components are irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.