On October 25, 2022, Shinwon's share published a three-monthly report for 2022. The company collected q3 in 2022.
On October 25th, 2022, the Pig Price Growth Report restored the productive capacity to reboot Cao Xuant.
The price of a pig is higher than expected, with a net profit of $8.2 billion for the q3 season and a year-long loss. After looking forward, q4 pigs will either remain above $23/kg or remain high, with a year-round performance of high certainty.
+16 per cent. q3-pigs show a q2 ring ratio - 20 per cent, with q2-65 per cent-pig sales, a 52 per cent-pig sales ratio, reflecting a decline in farm feeder sentiment, with a cautious view to next year’s prices.
The number of q4 pigs is expected to rise again. The balance sheet repair rate for the company and the asset-liability ratio have fallen to 61.5% (66.5% for q2).
Production efficiency has steadily improved, and production efficiency has steadily increased, with 85% of all life in August and September, and care and fertility has improved significantly: about 26 per cent for Psy. The increase in productivity has led to a decrease in total costs.
In the context of higher material costs, the company’s full cost of q3 pig farming is $15.5/kg. – The company’s full cost target in 2022 was to achieve $15/kg on a phased basis. – As production efficiency continues to improve, the company has a stronger confidence in achieving the target, and the cost is expected to remain constant in the price of raw materials next year.
The slaughter industry is still climbing the slopes, and the company is now producing 10 slaughterhouses, with an estimated capacity of 30 million slaughterhouses throughout the year. The slaughter industry has not yet made a profit, mainly because of low capacity utilization, which at this stage is estimated.
In the future, the company will further optimize its process flow and improve its operational efficiency, and will continue to strengthen its marketing channels.
No part of my remuneration has been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. And personal investment proposals, any form of written or verbal commitment to share the return on portfolio investment or share the losses of portfolio investment, are not valid.
The owner should not rely solely on this report as a substitute for his own independent judgement; he should make his own investment decisions and take his own investment risks; any investment decisions and capital decisions made by investors should be based on this report.