Shenwon shares (002714).
Events: The company disclosed three-quarterly reports in 2022. The company collected 80.774 billion yuan in the first three quarters, and the agricultural industrialization of the commodity pig-breeding, slaughtering and processing process was significantly improved and capacity-building steadily advanced.
In the first three quarters, the company sold 45,224,000 pigs, one of its large-scale integrated pig-breeding enterprises, and one of its own.
vov+73.23%. We expect the company to be one of the largest pig-breeding companies in the country at the rate of birth and seeding.
Some of the farming projects have started to be re-established, and now have about 6 million farm capacity, and companies are expected to grow by over 100,000 annually, compared to the end of the second quarter, and we expect further growth in the stock of the q4 sow. The construction of the nesthouses and steady growth in the production capacity of the sows provide a solid basis for the company to continue to grow.
In terms of costs, as the company strengthens its management of the farming phase, carries out disease clean-up, reduces cross-mixing, etc.
In the case of large-scale grains, it is hoped that they will continue to build up their own cost advantages, and that they will be more profitable than their counterparts, and that the competitive advantage will continue to be highlighted. The slaughtering capacity will start quickly, and the slaughterhouse profits are expected to be released.
The combined production capacity of the slaughterhouses has increased further to 29 million head/year. The company is expected to produce a total slaughterhouse this year.
The company is still in a state of loss as a whole. But as the company continues to improve its capacity to operate the slaughter plate, its access is expanding rapidly, its slaughter capacity is expected to be released gradually, the slaughter plate industry has further sharpened its cost advantages and the high performance elasticity of its growth, and the company's slaughter business is fast-growing.
Quick-winding future growth. Maintain a “very recommended” rating.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Shenwon shares (002714): The price of pigs rises and the advantage of the long line of costs continues to be highlighted.
A breakdown of the sub-sectors, such as pet foods.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.