A further drop in operating costs for pigs and a steady increase in farm capacity are expected to occur Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) 3-quarterly reports from companies: 80.770 billion yuan in operating income in September, an increase of 43.5 per cent.
One billion yuan, or 147.6 per cent more than the same year, and a net gain of 8,196 million yuan to the mother, or 1097.4 per cent more than the same year, the large increase in the performance of q3 is directly related to the same increase in output and the price of pigs before the onset of the non-false epidemic. q3 dropped to a full cost of 15.5 yuan/kg, and the birth of pigs increased by 60.8 per cent.
The number of piglets, pigs and pigs sold was 39,699, 5,237,000, and 297,000. This represents a 60.8 per cent increase over the previous year. Of these, the number sold was 127,1.3/kg, 20.94/kg and 23.06/kg, respectively.
Head/head, down by about $30/head from q2. In 2022, company strategic planning shifted from the earlier rapid stage of development to the optimal stage of development, reducing costs through internal management measures, and basic raw material prices as the survival rates of the stages rise and growth of the care and fertility phases improve.
Under stable conditions, the full cost of a company’s pig production is expected to decrease further. Higher prices for pigs support a marked improvement in cash flow, and farm capacity is expected to increase steadily by 2.6 million in late September, up 5.1% from the end of June and the end of last year.
With the fall of 8.2%, we judge that the corporate cash flow has eased as the prices of raw pigs re-enter the path, and q4 is expected to continue to rise. In January-September this year, the company spent about $11.6 billion, mainly on projects that were completed last year, and this year it spends about 20-40.
3 billion yuan. As the prices of pigs rose significantly, the company ' s cash flow improved significantly, reaching 9,669 million yuan in net cash flow from q3 operations, falling to 61.5 per cent at the end of September, a decrease of 5 percentage points from the end of June, and the company ' s re-launching of farming capacity of 6 million people at q3.
They expect to produce about 75 million pigs by the end of the year, and in 2023, the losses were significantly reduced, and the potential for a pig to grow up to 80 million.
The issuance of shares, with a net gain of q3 or $9 billion in prices, has entered a new upward cycle, and the company, as the largest pig-breeding enterprise in the country, leads the profit-making industry and will fully benefit from the increase in pig prices, and we maintain the company's “buy-in” rating.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.