q3 Performance improved significantly, and cost control kept ahead of schedule 3rd quarter 2022 (002714) Performance rating: company issued 3rd quarter 2022 performance announcement. Company achieved total business in the first 3rd quarter 2022
Revenue of 80.774 billion yuan, an increase of 43.52 per cent over the same period; realization of net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, influenced by the upturn in pig prices, has led to a significant improvement in the company’s q3 performance. Since the first quarter, it has been accompanied by a marginal improvement in the supply and demand structure of the market, a continuous rise in the prices of pigs, and the company’s commodity pigs.
Huangdongyi@dgzq.com.cn returns a net profit of $8,196 million to the mother and loses the profit. The company's growth in pig production is steady, increasing the number of season rings in the hogs.
45,224,000 head, of which 39,69 million were commodity pigs, 52,37 million were pigs and 29,70 million were pigs. The previous three quarters of the Department had achieved about 75% of the annual target, and the pace of growth was steady. With regard to piglets, as of September 2022, the company had 25,98 million pigs, up from June.
Adding 125,000 heads, it is expected that the growth in the stock of sows will be sustained in four quarters. The company continues to optimize its productivity while increasing its stock of sows.
Corporate cost control remains a leader. Companies now operate on a self-sustaining model of production. Through self-sufficiency, companies have absolute control over pig-growing plants, thereby ensuring a breeding environment and quality of operations, high risk resistance and low cost.
The company is committed to reducing the full cost phase to $15 per kilogram by 2022.
The company’s performance q3 has improved considerably as a result of the rise in the prices of pigs. As the leader of the pig-raising industry, the company’s cash flow is more abundant, farm-raising costs have a certain advantage, and targets such as pig-breeding in 2022 are relatively reasonable, and slaughter operations have steadily advanced and become more definitive.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.