The stock of herds (002714), the stock of herds and herds, and the future of herds, the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
Realization of a net return to the mother, $1.51 billion, a decrease of 82.6 per cent in the same year and $1.3 billion in the same year, a decrease of 85 per cent in the net profit to the unpaid parent. In the first three quarters of a single quarter, operating income was $3.61 billion, an increase of 147.6 per cent in the same year, a net return to the mother, 114.3 per cent. The growth in the company ' s revenue in the first three quarters was mainly due to an increase in sales volume, with the same level of profit in the single three quarters.
The sharp increase was mainly due to the recovery in prices of raw pig sales. The company sold 45,224,000 million pigs in the first three quarters, 13,943,000 pigs in the third quarter of the year, 20% less the ring, and the sales revenue of 34,110 million pigs, and the company’s performance was expected to improve.
The price of pigs has risen rapidly to around $28/kg, and the subsequent trend in pig prices has to be considered by both the supply and demand sides, but farming enterprises have moved into profit zones, and future performance will improve. From an analysis of the ability to produce piglets, there has been a decline in the stock of piglets since June 21 and a small rebound in December, which has since declined.
The same rise in May. In April 2022, 41.7 million hogs were allowed to grow, about 8.5 per cent more than in June 21; in 22 years, q4s arrived on holiday, and factors such as reduced temperatures and the condition of pickles were required to increase, or prices were expected to rise slightly. As of August 22, 43.25 million hogs were allowed to grow.
By the end of December 2021, the company had a strong cost advantage and a steady expansion of production capacity. By adopting its own self-sufficiency model, after heavy asset investment, the company could expand rapidly without having to outsource orders, etc.
The expansion of the ceiling brought about by the number of fertility farms has led to a complete industrial chain encompassing scientific research, feed processing, pig breeding, pig growing, commodity pig raising, pig slaughter.
In the area of personnel management, companies have developed a clear and standardized system for linking workers’ remuneration to production in the field, which is less expensive than other businesses in the industry, and will continue to build on the advantages.
The advantages of pighouses, the improvement of the farm system, the guarantee of survival of piglets, the introduction of critical technologies such as the unintelligent control of the pighouse environment, the automatic warning of healthy identification of piglets, equipment for welfare farming facilities, and bio-safety and engineering vaccinations. The successful release of $9.55 billion in August 2021 will be converted into debt, of which $5.1 billion will be invested in pig production.
In addition to the expansion of related projects, the company has expanded from farming to downstream slaughtering operations, and as an in-situ development of pig-breeding processing operations for large-scale breeders, 1.9 billion of the funds that can be transferred will be invested in the slaughtering project, with a projected increase in slaughter capacity of 13 million head/year.
Shenwon shares (002714). The prices of raw pigs are warming, and it is proposed to raise 6 billion dollars to supplement liquidity, optimize the financial structure to strengthen the company and meet the expectations of improved performance (2022-07-16).
The prospects for breeding the head are good (2022-04-30), and no direct or indirect compensation will be obtained for the production of the head of the family (2022-02-14), either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.