The commercial uplifting of the industrial ceiling is autonomous and controlled to strengthen the national core of production, and the company is rapidly entering the first array of radio-frequency chips in the country.
Jiangsuzu Wei Wei, Inc., was founded in 2012 and listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange's business board on 18 June 2019. The main business is radio frequency switches, low radio frequency noise magnification.
The company is one of the first companies in the industry to produce low-frequency noise amplifiers based on the rfcnos process, and to increase the efficiency of the supply of the product with a combined integrated radio frequency switch. The company has now become a national smartphone radio frequency switch, low radio frequency noise.
The sound amplifiers are leading brands and the products are used for end-users such as Samsung, Mio, Huaieng, vivo, oppo, Basic Data (2018) Association, Quakers, tcl, etc.
The radio frequency device market is subject to a 5g incremental, autonomous and controlled reinforcement of national production to replace the expected combination of communications elements at the front end of the radio frequency, mainly between the radio frequency chip and the antenna. The 4glte frequency, defined by 3gpp, reaches 66, and we expect 50 new frequencies, mobile phones, in the 5g era.
Supported increases in the number of bands will lead to an increase in the value of radio frequency devices. In addition, an increase in the 5g frequency rate will lead to an upgrade in the performance of radio frequency devices, e.g. by filters, saw and baw, not for low-frequency applications, baw products are more expensive than low-frequency applications saw, right?
The market should be divided by filters, driven by a full price increase during the 5g commercial era. According to yole predefined major shareholders (2018), the market space for the global radio frequency front-end module was $15 billion in 2017 and 350 in 2023.
Billions of dollars, corresponding to a 14% composite growth rate. The global market for RF chips is largely monopolized by international giants such as skyworks, qorvo, high-tun, Bobon, Murada, tdk. Most of the domestic RF chips are in the import phase, and in the context of trade friction between China and the United States, the RF chips are already in place.
For the country's high-tech industry to be subject to one of the soft spots. In a time when the emphasis is on self-control, the country's revenue structure (2018) is expected to start with a radio frequency device in 2g-4g communications over the next 2-3 years.
The company that is expected to become the core of the national production of the radio-frequency chips will collect $460 million in 2018, representing about 4.18 per cent of the world's cities and low radio frequency noise.
The sum of $88,225.0 million was used for 1) new wiring layouts of radio-frequency chips such as filters and radiators, 2) technical upgrades of existing products, 3) three main directions of the networked industry, of which the filter development project will take up 48.89% of the project. We believe that the company is based on the radio frequency switch.
And the development of low-frequency radio noise products, active plus filters and production products, which are expected to become the domestic domestic core of radio-frequency chips in the future. (1) Saturation of the smartphone market results in low demand for upstream devices; (2) single customer revenue as a percentage
Higher: (3) China-United States trade frictions increase or affect corporate cost increases. First, the company has grown rapidly into the first array of domestic radio-frequency chips. 1.1 The company's main radio-frequency switches and low-noise customers cover three stars of small rice.
Jiangsuzu Wei Wei Wei, Inc., was founded in 2012 and listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange's business board on June 18, 2019. The company's main business is radio frequency (RF) switches, radio low noise magnifiers, etc.
The cos process is one of the companies that produce low-frequency noise amplifiers and improves the efficiency of the product supply with the spelling of integrated radio frequency switches. The company is now a leading brand for domestic smart players, radio frequency switches, radio low-noise amplifiers, and the products are used for tristars.
The top five shareholders of the company, including Mi, Hua, Vivo, Oppo, Consorts, tcl, etc., are the non-consensual investment (13.17%), ipv (8.51%) and Xu Zhihan holds 73.57% of the non-consensual investment and holds a total of 16.71% of the company.
1.2 Short-term performance is affected by a decline in the price of the main radio frequency switch. The fall in the price of the product is mainly due to increased competition and a sharp increase in corporate income in 2017 as the main product sales to issuers increase significantly
Trends. Corporate product sales continued to increase in 2018, but increased competition in the industry and saturation in the smart hands market led to a marked decline in product prices and an overall decline in the profitability of enterprises.
Figure 6 Māori rates and net interest rates for the company ' s calendar year (%).
The front end of the radio frequency refers mainly to the assembly of the communications elements between the radio frequency chip and the antenna, from the connection to the receiving link, the signal passes through the antenna, the antenna, the branch switches, the binoculars, the switches, filters, low noise, the radio frequency transceivers, and the base belt.
New channel, when low-noise widgets are changed to functional, and the rest are basically identical in type. Figure 7 Structures of smartphone communications systems. Radio frequency switches and low radio frequency noise are part of the radio frequency front end devices.
Switches are used mainly for different directions (receipt or launch) and non-frequency signals in mobile smart terminal equipment; low radio frequency noise is used mainly in communications systems to expand signals received from antennas so as to facilitate back-stage electronic equipment processing.
The main function of the filter in the radio frequency line is to screen the frequency of the effective frequency for the next signal processing or launch. The filter market is a result of technical barriers and property rights, among other things.
Currently dominated by overseas markets, companies have introduced radio-frequency filter products (actually 20,000 yuan in 2018) and, through this public fund-raising, have increased their investment in radio-fibre products, which are expected to become the core domestic product of radio-fibre filters in the future.
The main advantage of saw is the ability to meet the maximum 1.9 ghz standard filter application, including the standard frequency bands gsm, cdma and 3g, and a portion of the 4g frequency band.
At 1ghz, the saw ' s choice decreased and baw provided better filtering effects between 1.5-5ghz zones with lower penetration losses.
Figure 10saw filter principles. Figure 11baw filter principles.
The processing effect (figure 41). We can see that, with the increase in frequency (right-hand move), the body radiation loss of the high quality baw is smaller and forms a steep band required by the United States Federal Communications Commission (Fcc), and saw is unable to meet this performance requirement at such a high frequency range.
, the mobile terminal may actually operate at a temperature of 60°C or more. The temperature rises into the loss, and the baw technology reduces the penetration loss and the signal loss. Generally speaking, the saw filter is based on low cost and sex in applications below 1.5ghz
The advantage of excellence is more competitive, and the Baw performance table is better when the frequency is greater than 1.5 ghz. From the 5g frequency band, 3.5 ghz frequency bands have been identified by mainstream countries as the main power spectrum in the 5g low frequency band, the corresponding frequency range will be more consistent with the Baw application, the 5g firm.
Figure 12baw and saw technology is active in the cell phone RF system transmission links, mainly to convert small signals into big power.
Rate signal. The process used for radio frequencypa consists of gaas, soi, cmos, and sige. Of this, 4 gpa mainly uses gaas, 3gpa uses gaas or cmos, and each delivers about 50%: 2gpa mainly cmos: 5g mobile phonepa is expected to use gaas
However, since mobile phone integration requires upgrading, pa modules will integrate filters, switches, etc., which impose higher requirements on former producers.
The 4glte band defined by 3gpp reaches 66, and we expect a new 50-band increase in the 5g era. From the triquint 2g, 3g, 4g radio frequency solution, the number of radio front end devices (e.g. filters, pa) is evident because of the increase in frequency.
In the case of apple phones, iphones of the first generation only need to support 4 bands of 2g. By 2016, the number of apple cellular support bands had reached 40 and the number of cellular support bands would be increased further after the next 5g merchants.
In addition, the 5g band frequency increase will lead to the performance of the radio frequency device upgrades, for example, the filters mentioned above for the low-high frequency applications, the baw product price is higher than the low-frequency application product saw, the corresponding filters are broken down by the market.
The field was driven by a very high price in the 5g commercial era. The upgrade of the communications model led to a constant increase in the value of radio frequency front-end devices, with 2g mobile phones and 3g mobile phones at around 0.8 and $3.25, respectively, with medium-end 4g mobile phones valued at $7.25 and high-end computers reaching $7.25.
To $16.25. From 2g to 4g, the single value of the radio front end module has increased several dozen times, and the single value of the radio front end device in the 5g era is expected to rise to $40.
_lteband massivete band
It's the first time I've ever seen anything like it.
According to Yole, the market space for the global radio front end module was $15 billion in 2017 and $35 billion in 2023, corresponding to a 14% compound growth rate. The radio frequency switch -- totallfcomponents&fem/patidmodulemanufacturers
filters filter antennatunes antenna adjuster switches switch pas power amplifier
Lasa Low Noise Amplifier sib mmwfem mm wave front end
The mm-wave sib Division received about 15.2 per cent of the performance of low-noise products, while the share of related products remained low.
In September 2014, rfmd and triquint merged into qorvo, the new company.
The power amplifier product combined with the power amplifier product saw/baw filter product advantage. In January 2017, the HTAC announced and tdk established a joint venture company, lf360 holdings, which absorbed the technological accumulation of tdk in the field of saw/baw filters.
Given the current market pattern, the market for filters is largely monopolized by salaried firms (village fields, tdk, solar intuitives) and United States firms (Situs, qorvo, Botón). In the baw domain, the market is concentrated mainly in the hands of Botón and qorvo.
Figure 15saw market structure of filters The national production difficulties of filter products are related to technical barriers on the one hand, and technical property protection on the other.
However, patented technology associated with further upgrading of product performance is still controlled by overseas giants, bypassing patents to enhance product performance. Domestic firms are still having great difficulty in achieving a higher level of national production substitution in the filtering area, in addition to being authorized to pay ip fees.
This can be bypassed by selecting silicon-based rfmems filters, integrated unsourced devices (ipd) or antenna integration (aip) technologies. However, the value of the products in the field of mobile communications in the country is still not competitive with the mainstream saw or baw, leading to the domestic production of filters.
The rate is still low. The main producers of filters in the country are DeCinghua, Metrotech, 26 China Electric, Huo Weibo, Seokwon Telecommunications, etc., and some progress has been made in replacing the filter product with the national product.
The annual saw filter capacity is about 1.5 billion yuan, corresponding to a net profit of 530 million yuan, corresponding to a net profit of 37 million yuan. It is expected to reach 2 billion in 2019 and 3 billion in 2020.
For companies listed on the market, JedTech raised additional funds in 2016 for the production of the saw project for the ltccboard.
One billion yuan, with a net annual profit of $5.806 million. The global share of domestic firms in the filter industry is currently within 5%.
In terms of market patterns, the main suppliers in the market of 4gpa are qorvo and qorvo, which account for nearly 80% of the total. Domestic suppliers include smart, cutting-edge cores, Rhoda, Han, flying technology, and exhibition.
In general, the global market for radio-frequency chips is dominated by skyworks, qorvos, high-speed, high-speed, high-frequency, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-frequency, high-speed, high-frequency, high-speed, high-frequency applications.
International giants such as Bobon, Murada, and tdk, most of which are in the lead-up phase, have become one of the soft spots in the country's high-tech technology industry against the background of trade friction between China and the United States. In this time of emphasis on self-control, the domestic radio frequency cores.
In the next 2-3 years, the company is expected to start national production in the field of radio frequency devices under the 2g-4g mode of communication, with a wide market space.
3.1 Based on the conversion of switches and low-noise plus-code filters and power industries, the company's main core technologies in the field of radio frequency switches and low-noise amplifiers include cos switch low-noise amplifiers design, gaasphemt low-noise.
Larger design methods, coms low-noise amplifier design methods, combined-record radio frequency switch implementation methods. The company's "combined-radio-frequency implementation methods" achieves a different set of radio frequency switches that share the same bottom crystald template by modifying the top metal connection.
X-ray, fast-tracked production of different functional radio frequency switches, with a ratio of 78.55% in 2018. C-switch low-noise amplifiers and c-noise magnifiers are designed to capture the standard csos to a very limited extent.
Device performance limits to produce products at lower cost to provide high value cmos radio frequency lownoise amplifier products, further consolidating the cost advantage of the issuer. In addition, the company will be authorized to develop the Wifi, Bluetooth radio frequency design programme autonomously in 2012
For a well-known national chip company, which uses the design to successfully achieve its mass production, the current company ' s radio frequency switch is the soi process, with a crystal circle size of 8 inches, with a range of 0.18 μm, 0.13 μm and 0.065 μm, and the encapsulation process is mainly wbqfn.
The company uses the cnos process mainly and adds silicon and arsenicated silicon processes, with a predominantly 8-inch crystal round size and a 6-inch crystal round with a process of 0.18 μm, 0.13 μm and 0.11 μm, with a mainly wbq fn for sealing processes.
Table 7 Substitutes and containment techniques for corporate products 10,000 yuan for RFID and module development, RFID and module development, RFID and module development, RHF switches and Lina technology upgrades
In the context of the fund-raising project, the company’s business layout is mainly composed of 1) filters and new production patterns of radio-frequency chips, such as radiators and radiators; 2) technological upgrading of existing products.
Level 3: 3) Property networking industry layout. The company filter research and development project includes gpssaw, wlan filter and lte-to-letter filters (swa), with a project investment of $466 million and a construction cycle of 48 months.
In terms of investment levels, the company has identified filters as a further development of the company's future business.
Technology and industry upgrades to build high performance technology platforms to complete the development and measurement of products such as 5gpam, 5gpamid, wifiaxfem through new technologies such as pa inverted integration, high frequency pa design, high power broadband pa architecture, etc.
Testing and achieving volume production to further meet client demand for customization, integration, high performance, high-complexity radio frequency (HF) power amplifiers.The company upgrades existing low-noise, radio frequency switch products mainly to meet 5g
The project proposes to develop four radio frequency switch products, two radio frequency low-noise amplifiers products, two of which are technology upgrades based on existing company products, and four new ones.
Radio frequency switch/radio frequency lownoise amplifier products. The above-mentioned technological improvements and product updates will lead to the enrichment of the company ' s radio frequency switches and low frequency noise amplifier product lines, expanding product application patterns, and keeping the company in the lead in technological evolution and changing demand.
The products in the corporate goods network direction are mainly low-power, bluetooth microcontrolr chips and low-power-networked microcontrolr chip series products. One of these products is a technological upgrade based on existing public goods, while two are newly developed microcontrolr chip products.
The company ' s research and development centre project will undertake the development of low-capacity technology platforms and new materials, new engineering applications and will target the existing radio front end and microcontrolr chip series.
The product upgrades and researches. 3.2 Companies have a good customer base, with three stars accounting for 66% and 46% of business, respectively, and three stars are among the company's clients.
The company became a qualified supplier of three-star electronics through mobile television chips in 2012 and began providing three-star electronics with front-end chips in 2013. First, downstream customers have a transfer cost to replace their suppliers, on the one hand, and products imports, on the other.
There is a need for longer certification cycles, on the one hand, and uncertainty about clients re-executing raw material purchases, production, and stock-building themselves. Firms’ stable and good customer relationships with Samsung are a major guarantee of their performance.
Good customer resources are an important prerequisite for the Department’s future performance. The top five clients are relatively large compared to the same type of company’s clients listed.
Over the last two years, there has been an overall downward trend in client concentration. According to the data, companies still have a large amount of space.
Designer sales are expected to be lower, and the willingness to cooperate is lower. Corporate sales are growing rapidly each year, becoming important customers for upstream foreign-collateral manufacturers. Companies sold 1,745 million radio-frequency switches in 2018, an increase of 27.06 per cent compared to the previous year, and 428 million radio-low noise sales, a comparison.
The company works closely with the world's top crystal circle manufacturers, chip sealers, suppliers of crystal circle manufacturers towerjazz, power builders, and seals on the supplier Su-ju's new and generous supply.
Clients have ensured good rates and supply capacity for the company ' s products.The sales volume of radio frequency switches and low radio frequency (in thousands) 3.4 companies ' financial, operational and asset structure indicators are good
We've chosen top-of-the-consumption technology, mediocre electronics, São Paulo shares, National Science and Technology, and all-a-kind technology as the design of the company template, and we've compared it horizontally with Chewie. In terms of profitability, the Māori ratio, the net interest rate and the roe are higher than the average, and
Per capita output and per capita net profits amounted to 4.31 million and 1.18 million, respectively, and were the first compared with enterprises.
São Paulo shares, National Science and Technology, 33.46%, 24.52%, 28.17%, and management costs are maintained at average industry levels, while there is still room for improvement in R & D costs as compared to their counterparts. We believe that as companies continue to operate in radio-frequency filters, radio-frequency power, etc.
Advances in areas such as the release of devices, where companies still have more room to absorb R & D costs, compare the cost of the design company with 12.75 per cent in 2018, the lowest comparable value for the company.
Corporate mobility ratios and speed ratios are 7.6 and 5.5, respectively, and the parameters are at a better peer level.
Based on the company ' s ability to operate, 149 days were held in 2018, 31 days in accounts receivable and 94 days and 60 days in top-of-the-consumption technology, respectively, the data indicate that the company ' s stock level has been maintained well.
Figure 25ic Design Company Business Capability Analysis (1) The saturation of the smartphone market has resulted in low demand for upstream devices. (2) The single customer earns a relatively high share.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.