China Taibo (601601.sh) Debt Reform, President of Long Air, China has created a new model for the transformation of the industry's liabilities. The company was established in May 1991 as the country's leader.
Over the years, companies have continued to promote corporate development through transformation strategies such as 1.0, 2.0, and long voyages.
As of mid-2023, personal security was undergoing structural changes on the supply side, with industry leaders benefiting from the channel system. In 2023, the savings were 52 weeks of maximum/minimum prices.
In mid-2022, China’s life expectancy, China’s peace, China’s life insurance policy, and Xinhua’s per capita production capacity rose by 38.1%, 94.3%, 35.1%, and 111.0% respectively.
Road, leading the company to achieve a high premium increase in 2023, with a strong advantage of the company’s medium- and long-term nbv and its in-valued life insurance “long voyage” phase, and a two-phase focus on “indoor” transition. In mid-2023, Operation Long Air was closed, and the reforms were very effective.) By the end of the first quarter of 2023, the HDL was successful.
Per capita coverage increased by 37.8% over the same period, corresponding to an increase in pre-tax income per person per month for core manpower of $32.69 billion, or 31.1% over the same period, with a new insurance premium of $8.28 billion, or 289.5% over the same period.
The insurance policy continues its “retention” strategy, leading to an increase in industry premiums. The insurance policy was led by the “renewal” scheme, which generated 13.53 billion yuan in insurance services in the first three quarters of 2023, an increase of 13.9 per cent.
The company’s vehicle insurance policy, non-car insurance operations, and the impact of the lower base of the previous year’s combined cost of insurance coverage were 98.7%, with constant shocks: the risk of higher end-of-debt costs due to channel costs: tighter regulation, etc.
History: China's leading integrated insurance group, China Pacific Insurance Group, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “China's Pacific Insurance Company”), based in Shanghai, is the leading integrated insurance group in the country. In 1987, the Transport Bank established the Insurance Operations Department, which became the Chinese Tai.
On May 13, 1991, China’s Pacific Insurance Corporation was established as the country’s first national stock-based commercial insurance company. From 2007 to 2021, the company was listed in a+h+g (Shanghai, Hong Kong, London) and became the country’s first insurance company in three locations.
After years of deep farming, China's TPS has a full-size insurance licence for life insurance, property insurance, pension insurance, health insurance, agricultural insurance and asset management, and is committed to providing a full range of risk-safe solutions, wealth planning and asset management services.
Quality development strategies continue to drive companies along the path of high-quality development. By mid-2023, companies achieved a ratio of income from the 2023h1 life insurance premium for stock listing companies (in %) and a ratio of income from the 2023h1 premium for stock listing companies (in %)
Equity structure: relatively decentralized equity and improved efficiency in enabling decision-making, with a strong “state-owned” character and stable equity structure, in terms of the composition of equity; however, the overall equity is relatively decentralized and the company has no real control. As of the end of the third quarter of 2023, the top five shareholders in the company included the top five shareholders.
Hong Kong Central Clearing (Agents) Ltd., Shin Sein (Group) Ltd., Huabao Investment Ltd., Shanghai State Asset Management Ltd., Shanghai Smoking Investment Management Ltd., holding shares of 28.82%, 14.05%, 13.35%, 6.34%, 4.87% respectively.
China’s investment and Shanghai tobacco account for 18.22% of the total. Overall, corporate equity structures are fragmented, and corporate senior management is faced with less constraint, contributing to improvements in the efficiency of corporate operations and the sustainability of transformation strategies.
Figure 5: China's CPS subsidiary Corporate governance: a sustained push for a transformational strategy
On December 12, 2023, Taibao, China, issued an announcement in which it agreed to elect Fu Fan as Chairman of the 9th Board of Directors and to appoint Zhao Yonggang as President of the Board. The qualifications of these two positions will be effective upon approval by the Supervisory Authority.
In 2017, after taking office, Kon Qingwei presented the China China Pacific Protection “Transformation 2.0” program, which was transformed around five key words: “brain, number, association, control, layout” and officially closed in 2021. The transition strategy was implemented in five years.
In China, the size and profitability of the company’s premiums have doubled, and in 2021, the company achieved its insurance revenue of 3667.8, and management’s “wiring baton” or will be handed over to facilitate the continued push of the company’s transformation strategy. For more than four years, Fu Fan joined the Chinese Taibo, and joined the director, Kyung Wei Kong, in launching the company’s long-duration transformation strategy.
Zhao Young-gang has previously over-worked the Chinese Taipa 26, and has trained senior management talent within the Gestapo group. It is expected that this new management role will continue to drive the continuation of the corporate transformation and promote a robust growth in corporate integration.
Industry profile: Deeper transformation, nbv rehabilitation. Since 2018, our life-risk industry has entered a new transformation cycle, with a generally high rate of business value growth.
From 2018 to 2022, the average Nbv growth rate of listed enterprises declined. Industry was actively engaged in deepening the transformation, investing in per capita productive capacity and product creation, guided by regulatory policies, and in 2023, the listing Nbv was significantly restored.
In terms of products, homogeneity guarantees are difficult to meet the needs of customers for diversified insurance, and in the first half of 2023, under policy catalysts, savings insurance.
In the case of humans, the industry has seized the opportunity of transformation and has taken the initiative to speed up the process and reduce the proportion of inefficient workers.
As of mid-2023, China’s life, China’s peace, China’s life insurance, and Xinhua insurance channels, the importance of the silver insurance channels became apparent in 2023 with the high sales of savings-based insurance, and the share of premiums increased by 4.2 pt from the end of the year.
Since then, insurance companies have re-signed agreements with banks, and we continue to look at the premium growth space created by the characteristics of the successor channels. It is expected that the future silver insurance channels will return to the competitive and secure track, benefiting more powerful personal insurance companies.
China's Chinese government has maintained its values, its diverse layouts, and, after years of deep farming, the company has diversified, systematized and professionalized its insurance system, leading the industry in areas such as life insurance, wealth insurance, asset management, and the welfare industry.
Change, new energy vehicle insurance, emerging market development opportunities, companies, guided by a “sustainability” strategy, have raised the level of insurable profits, and the treasury business has been at the top three of the industry for many years. At the same time, in 2023, the company’s premium premium on its fiscal policy has increased at a rate that will lead the industry. 2) Life insurance operations contribute to the company’s main premium income.
Channels are a central multi-channel layout, while taking advantage of the opportunities for the development of silver insurance channels. In recent years, with the continued impetus of the transformation strategy, new models of intra-industry transformation have been developed, with a marked increase in the quality of the channels. 3) Asset management boards, a continuous cycle of asset liability management mechanisms, have continuously increased professional investment capacity.
Billions of yuan, 7.4% more than year-on-year growth, is ranked fourth among the risk companies listed on the market. Under the influence of continued low-level shocks in the implementation of accounting standards and capital markets, the net return profits of the listed risk companies were put under pressure in the third quarter of 2023; among them, China ' s life and China ' s 2023 ' s net return profits were 2,349 million yuan in the third quarter of 2023, a 24.4% decline in the year.
Figure 14: Net profit and increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) in China ' s NCPS health development strategy, with a continuous shift in the debt of enabling companies.
The Department released a blueprint for the construction of “352” health projects to promote the construction of companies in the three main areas of health, regional and data strategy.
Services brands such as `Escorts' and `Rehabilitation' create a life-cycle health management biosphere covering clients. 2) Companies invest in good regional development support mechanisms that bring together industries up and down in different regions to build up quality corporate development
New growth. 3) The big data strategy revolves around the “Dippod project”, the construction of three hubs and a cloud of new clouds, the application of smart-change poles such as digitalized employees based on large model technologies, and the steady progress of the basics of data management, network and information security.
Figure 16: China's Taibo “352” blueprint for big health construction, too-life insurance: long sails hanging out against Long Air, China's Pacific Life Insurance Company Ltd. (hereinafter “Expansive Life Insurance”) was established in 200111
By mid-2023, the company had over 2,600 branches and over 1.7 million clients. The product covered life insurance, annuity insurance, health insurance, and accident insurance.
As of mid-2023, the cost of achieving the size of the insurance policy was $16.57 billion, or 2.5 per cent more than the previous year, and ranked third in the industry; the value of the new business was $7.36 billion, or 31.5 per cent more than the same; and the adequacy of the combined solvency rate was 218 per cent, well above regulatory requirements.
At the beginning of 2021, on the occasion of the withdrawal of the “transition 2.0” , the TPI launched a transformation strategy for Operation Long Air to continue the transformation of its life insurance operations. In April 2021, the Chinese Taibo led to the introduction of the former friendly co-insurance system, Chai Qiang, as Tai Tai.
General Manager of Life Insurance, promoting the full landing of Operation Long Air. Choi was the chief manager, chief executive officer of the insurance policy of the Ansein Insurance Group (Shangzhou) in France, regional chief executive officer of the Friends Insurance Group, friend China ceo, deputy director and president of the micromedical group, and also has management experience in international and local insurance institutions in 2009.
By 2016, Chai Qiang had led friendly insurance to achieve a compound rate of 41.2 per cent of the value of the new business, and Operation Long Air had proposed a future strategic goal of “one good, two steady, four new”, namely, to target the best customer experience, pursue stable value growth and a strong market position, and strive for new breakthroughs in the diversification of channels, and a strong eco-friendly environment.
A new pace, a new upgrade in digital construction, and an organizational talent development. Operation Long Air promotes changes in the company’s “core” life risk marketing model, based on five core strategies: career marketing, value insurance, garments, corporate governance, culture, and leadership.
Figure 20: Operation Long Air's core strategy is to do the right thing, to build a high-quality development “core” life insurance around Operation Long Air, and to build up a team upgrade, a track layout, value added services, digital endowments.
Building a “334” strategic implementation point based on recent business growth, forward mobility and bottom capacity. The central focus of the “334” strategy is a sustained focus on upgrading the marketing workforce, 1+x channel layout, and the expansion of the three growth points in the focus regions to form a big health strategy, a big old age ecology, and digitalization.
It is able to build four strategic support points by strengthening scientific and technological capacity, improving the data base, enhancing organizational capacity and strengthening talent.
In recent years, with the development of the Internet and policy guidance, the country’s population’s insurance needs have been further refined. Internet insurance, a multiplicity of millions of health insurance, old-age cancer insurance, and welfare insurance have emerged to meet the insurance needs of different clients.
Under the leadership of Operation Long Air, the ESP has taken the initiative to optimize occupational marketing reforms in the individual channels. Early in the year 2022, the EPP was centred on the Basic Law of the Cyclops, which boosts agent revenue in all its aspects.
The Basic Law is designed to achieve “several strength” by stratification, increasing the retention of long-term proxies, eliminating low-performing persons, and, on the other hand, by further attracting teams of high-quality proxies and optimizing the quality of the workforce through the development and completion of merit-based organizations and training systems.
For one risk channel, the company pursues a “triple-up, five-up” reform programme to plan the development path of the marketing team “promotion, specialization, digitization” by providing “the wealthiest income space, the most powerful entrepreneurial platform, the warmthiest services, the most professional growth system, the most comfortable working environment” from the “human red”
At the same time, the company further develops its entrepreneurship platform, optimizes marketing, promotes marketing support systems, manages digitization (u-plans), supports up-to-line integration (omo), and promotes digital transformation of business processes.
System, professionalized marketing workplace upgrades, building together the “five-most” bottom-of-the-transformation logic, leading to a transformational upgrade of the agent channel “triple”. Figure 22: “Operation Long Air” risk channel “triple, five-most” career marketing reform programme
Professionalization, professionalization, digitalization and upgrading of the protagonists' workforce.
Professional, most comforting, most powerful.
The warmest, the professional, the thickest.
The Taibo Service, 6 professional marketing upgrades, 5 building up a combat personality.
Nbs sales management Recruiting and retention
Technology risk 3 Marketing agents manage digital upgrades (planu) 4-line integration (omo) client operations
6-person customer value conversion model upgrades a+ high-risk net operating breakthroughs since Operation Long Air landed, the TPI has focused on improving the quality of core agents. 1) professionalization,
The company takes full advantage of the “core” basic law to guide changes in behaviour, such as professional sales, executives and the growth of newcomers; based on the normal pattern of merit, the standardization of the “selections” and the creation of a model of private business; and the improvement of the growth path of merit-based organizations, the succession of merit promotion systems, and the innovation of company mdrt numbers.
(ii) Professionalization, with the development of integrated solutions for “customer groups, demand layers, service dimensions”; deepening the integration of product services and the promotion of the concept of “all-risk” marketing; and building a “core camp” training system to build up two growth ladders for planners and entrepreneurs to foster the growth of the workforce.
On 30 June 2023, the "Long Air Phase" officially took over, with the initial results of the reforms and a steady increase in the quality of the channel and the business product. By the end of the first quarter of 2023, the ratio of per capita coverage for the EPP was 37.8%.
There should be a 64.0 per cent increase in pre-tax income per person per month for core manpower; in terms of quality of business, the product structure, business indicators, and operational effectiveness of the insurance policy have improved significantly for 12 months in a row. In the first quarter of 2023, the rate of performance in the risk of serious diseases rose from month to month, and as of March 2023, the monthly rate of performance in the risk of severe diseases had been achieved.
In the medium term, the cumulative 13-month rate of continuation of the insurance policy has increased by 7.6 to 95.4% over the same period, and is ranked first in the list. China’s life, life, safety, and Xinhua insurance has continued by 89.2%, 92.1%, 93.8%, 89.2% respectively.
The share of core manpower in the pipeline has risen significantly, with the first annual contribution per capita rising by $16963, 66.1 per cent, the second highest on the list, and the first annual commission per capita in the core is higher than the average per capita on the list.
Figure 27: First annual premium income per person per month of insurance for listed companies (in yuan/month/person) 2. Silver insurance channels: multichannel layout, enhanced value contribution, etc.
In 2015, the company cancelled all operations that needed to be carried out at the bank counter, focusing on the back of the bank. In 2021, in the context of the restructuring of industry products and the high demand for savings by the population, the insurance system was reactivated, while the silver policy was confirmed.
One of the major engines of value growth in the company's multi-channel layout. Under the transformation strategy of Operation Long-Standing, the ESP focuses on value grids, value products, high-quality teams, matching technological capabilities, and proposes a way forward for the transformation of the "chilling" system.
The value contribution has increased significantly since the company reboots the silver channel. High-value households are focused on the insurance channel for life insurance, which captures the high-value net customer insurance needs represented by their private behaviour.
In the first three quarters of 2023, the company's silver canals increased their contribution (in millions of dollars) to create a product service system that builds a “gold triangle” of health, wealth, and old age.
Under the leadership of Operation Long Air, the insurance policy further refines the client-group management system and provides the “Gold Triangle” insurance system for products and services. In the face of the country's ageing population, the cost of health insurance, and the expansion of the population's wealth, it proposes a system of gold triangle services for old-age inheritance, health security, and wealth management.
In terms of security, the insurance policy is geared to the age of the client, the need for insurance, and the family structure, and provides a variety of guaranteed products, including severe health insurance, medical insurance, supported by customized health management, overseas medical care, etc., to capture the needs of the various population groups. In April 2023, the company launched the “Kim Sheng” project.
At the same time, China’s life insurance policy, the United Nations Drug Control Fund and the health of Taiwan, combines resources for quality medical services and provides a one-stop solution for clients. 2) In wealth management, companies focus on financial-type annuity insurance.
In the case of old-age, the company provides a full range of old-age services, using the model of how old-age products interact with welfare services.