Constructions in China (601668.sh) are low-value blues, and when the wind is right, there are plenty of contracts in hand, and performance growth is guaranteed:
According to the company ' s business brief for January-December, the company ' s total value of new construction contracts in 2017 was $22.216 billion, an increase of 19.4 per cent over the previous year; of this amount, $144.46 billion was for new construction operations and $13.0 billion was for new contracts for surveying design operations, an increase of 49.4 per cent over the same period, based on actual volume indicators.
The construction of 1,224 million square metres, an increase of 12 per cent over the same period, and the start-up of 323 million square metres, a similar increase, will guarantee stable growth in the company ' s performance in the future.
The company’s real-estate business adapts its business strategy to the market environment and policy changes in a timely manner, and the remarkable pace of growth highlights the industry’s leadership. In terms of real-estate sales, the company has achieved a sales contract of $22.85 billion over 17.1 per cent over 17 years, and a contract of 16.3 million square metres over the same period.
11.3% According to the 17-year-old semi-annual report, the Māori rate for real estate operations is 28%, far higher than for housing construction, with an end-of-term land reserve of 87,67 million square metres and a new land reserve of 27,89 million square metres. A stable land reserve will provide a strong support for the expansion of property operations.
The company, as the world’s largest engineering contractor, is moving towards rapid international market placement. For overseas orders, the company’s 17-year new overseas orders are at $1.8 billion, a 76.9 per cent increase, compared to 76.9 per cent.
The multi-billion-dollar Maldives social housing project, the $5.46 billion Slovenia Malibor Airport Expansion Project and the $3.28 billion United States Long Island Railways Project in New York highlight the expansion of its overseas market into an optimized business structure, and the construction of a convalescence site:
Based on the company ' s order structure, the share of housing construction, infrastructure, survey design operations is about 66 per cent, 33 per cent and 1 per cent, the three main business structures are constantly being optimized, with a high Māori ratio of 33.04 per cent in 17 years, and the share of capital construction operations is increasing over the years.
China’s construction is a leading company in China’s construction, and we expect a net return of $38.2 billion in 2018, which corresponds to only eight times the current market value. Reference is made to the remaining construction firms, China, China, China, China, iron, China, and China, for example.
The value of the building was the lowest and there was a potential for further improvement in the valuation. Capital operations expanded at an accelerated pace, resulting in a rapid increase in non-mortality net gains.
Transforming infrastructure to sustain life and drive robust performance growth