Construction decorations/housing construction orders for construction in China (60168.sh) have grown significantly and property sales have remained high
The contract value was $302.4 billion, an increase of 35.5 per cent in the same year; the real estate contract sales were $44.8 billion, the building orders were restored, capital orders were fast landing, and the value of the new contracts increased significantly in comparison with the previous February: the company signed a new construction contract of $302.4 billion, an increase of 35.5 per cent.
The single rate of growth was 13.4 percentage points higher than the same period the previous year. The number of new contracts for housing construction, infrastructure and survey design operations amounted to 2003 billion, 10.4 billion and 1.7 billion, respectively, an increase of 33.0 per cent, 41.0 per cent, and 19.6 per cent, respectively.
With 33.2 per cent of new contracts for capital operations, the rate of increase in orders has remained at over 40 per cent against the background of the pace of capital investment, reflecting the strong ' s significant advantage of growing concentration in the industry as the company ' s leading builder.
In the case of overseas orders, in February of this year, in particular, the company signed a new $6.8 billion overseas order in January of this year, an increase of 26.3 per cent.
External expansion is accelerating. The company has won $4.42 billion since the beginning of the year in the new West of Lan Okland, Tamaki District Integrated Development Project, $3.03 billion in the Maldives, 7,000 social housing units, $5.46 billion in the expansion of Malibor Airport in Slovenia and $3.28 billion in the same year.
Major overseas orders, such as the Long Island Railway project in New York, the United States, and corporate growth in overseas markets have been impressive.
As one of the leaders of the real estate industry, the company’s real estate business has continued to grow at a high rate. In real estate sales: US$ 44.8 billion in contract sales in February, compared with the increase of the same period in the previous year, the company acquired 4.17 million square metres of new land, with a total land reserve of 9.376 million square metres at the end of the period, compared with the previous year.
This period saw a 20.4% growth of 77,880,000 square metres, which is a strong guarantee for the firm’s continued robust development of real estate operations. Just as low valuation blues were raised, capital expansion accelerated, with a rapid increase in net profit from non-repatriation.
China Construction Report: Capital Property Double Power, China Construction: China Construction Report meets expectations China Construction: Transforming Capital to Save its Lives, Driven Performance