The Topper Group is looking forward to an outbreak of income growth, new products opening up long-term space, new product volumes of companies and new energy customers expanding, high income growth, and depreciation amortization.
Block Ratings: The ratio of costs to large markets is expected to decrease gradually, driving future performance to burst. After many years of accumulation, companies have expanded in areas such as intelligence brakes and diversion, new energy heat management, light-quantitative chassis, and new products open for the long term.
Revenue growth is better than industry, and the Māori rate is short-term pressured. As a result of the new crown epidemic, there was a sharp drop in domestic and external car sales in the first half of 2020. Corporate income grew by 5.1% in the first half of the year and performed far better than industry, with 57.7% of automobile electronics showing excellent performance and a small increase in the rest of the business; and foreign earnings grew.
This is mainly due to reduced travel and hospitality costs; a 6.1 per cent decrease in management costs, mainly due to social security deductions; an increase in research and development costs of $12.63 million (+8.3 per cent), mainly due to increased research and development inputs resulting in increased material and depreciation amortization; and an increase in financial costs of $13.37 million, mainly due to reduced interest income and remittances
Losses on exchange increased; four cost rates were equal. Little growth in income, 0.1 pct decline in Mäori, and flat cost, with a small decline of 0.3% in net profit from non-mänortality in the first half of the year.
As a result of the rapid growth in incomes, the share of the depreciation share will be significantly reduced and the Māori rate is expected to pick up rapidly. The income rate will increase rapidly, and the cost rate will decline.
New products open up long-term growth space and development prospects are promising. Companies are looking ahead and promoting 2+3 production strategies, and the domestic share of the traditional Nvh shock system and the entire vehicle acoustic suite has been ahead for years.
It's time for the harvest. The fourth generation of ibs has been ordered and tested for loading and switching to the Bialdi, Gilly, etc. System eps has entered the client testing phase, and the new energy heat management has successfully developed heat pump air conditioning,
Products such as e-inflating valves and electronic water pumps, with a light-quantified chassis, can provide a platformed solution for products such as sub-scorts, suspensions, and a shift to festivals based on a market price on August 20, 2020.
Largely uplifted, promising long-term growth space for companies, and promising prospects for development. Given the successful expansion of corporate products and customers, we adjusted performance projections, and the company Top Group-20q1 is expected to perform better than expected, with subsequent expectations.
"Intelligent chassis, the next windfall of cars -- auto chassis industry."
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations