Top Group (601689.sh) Automobiles/car parts reported performance in line with expectations, and 2+3 Industrial Distribution Help Group reported strong performance - mid-2020
• The net return to the parent of the 2020h1 company increased by 251 per cent in the same year, in line with the expectation that in the first half of 2020, the company would have achieved a business income of 2,562 million yuan, an increase of 5.07 per cent in the same year, and that the increase in revenue would have been the result of a gradual increase in the number of high-quality customers, both domestic and foreign, as a result of the expansion of the company; and that the company would have achieved a net return profit in the first half of the year.
Cost increases of 8.28 per cent over the same period were due to an increase in R&D inputs. *The 2020q2 company ' s net return profit increased by 5.29 per cent over the same period, the single-season Māori rate decreased by 5.29 per cent over the same period, and the deduction of the net return profit was $90 million or 0.51 per cent over the same period.
By point, the decline in the same ring ratio is mainly due to the impact of the epidemic on overseas operations with higher levels of Maori, as well as to the increase in depreciation amortization. The rate will rise steadily in the future as the overseas epidemic improves and the volume of corporate business products is released.
• The "2+3" industry layout, further opening up the space for corporate growth, and the company, in keeping with the changing dynamics of the automobile industry, has actively promoted the "2+3" industry layout and has actively expanded the light-quantified chassis, based on the consolidation of the original Nvh shock system and the entire vehicle acoustic suite.
Corporate operations, smart driving system operations, auto heat management system operations. Corporate light-quantified chassis systems with a wide variety of business products, full process and adequate hand orders, have become the company's most important engine for maintaining high-speed growth. Corporate investment in smart driving systems is ongoing, and the company's smart brakes are currently in place.
The car system ibs has already conducted road-tracing tests on some of the customers’ models, and the smart switch system product has entered the client-testing phase. The new energy car heat management system business is a new business for companies that have built up technology in the process of developing ibs smart brakes, and companies have succeeded in cutting into new energy sources.
In the area of auto heat management systems, the growth space of companies was further expanded. 2019q4 performance improved significantly, 2020q1 performance.
Consider the trend towards “new quadrupling” of the automobile industry, the company's successful entry into the Tesla apparel system, the increase in the value of one-car packages and the continuous improvement in the company's profitability. Maintain the “recommended” rating.