q2 Double income growth, new business opening up room for growth 20/08/2020 Key announcement: 2020h1 operating income of $2,562 million, + 5.07%, net return to the mother
$216 million, or +251 per cent, and $198 million, or 0.34 per cent, of the net profit from non-mortality.  Downwards in the Māori rate result in net profit growth of q2 being lower than income growth, and net profit growth of 2020q2 is lower than income growth, owing to the fact that the epidemic leads to profitability.
A stronger share of income from overseas operations has declined, and the depreciation of fixed assets has increased further.
At the same time, the forward-looking smart driving system, the heat management system, and the light-quantified chassis system are three new operations.
(ii) The smart switch system has entered the client's pilot stage and has started to expand to a number of mainframe plants, including the general public. (iii) The number of electronic vacuum pump orders is fast.
Two billion non-public distributions contributed to a slight quantitative increase in speed, with production expected to reach full capacity soon, in accordance with existing orders. 4) Successful development of heat management systems, exhibition 2020-05-19.
Integration of the three modules of the air conditioning system, the battery heat management system and the electrical thermal management system, with a single vehicle package of $6,000 to $9,000. 5) Light-quantified chassis systems have a combined competitive advantage to provide a platformed solution for electric vehicles. With downstream recovery + Tesla national product delivery + and , etc.
The new power of head-carrying will further boost company o3 performance into the path of continuous improvement.3 The Top Group (601689): short-term profitability projections and investment ratings: Tupou is a typical representative of the multi-grade path of automobile parts and components, new
The impact of the epidemic is limited, and the cycle of growth is expected to start in the long term. Core point: 1) Light quantitative operations are growing rapidly with new energy catalysts, with Tesla's client exposure becoming the most bright spot. 2) Smart products + heat management systems are gradually growing.
Release the amount and open the space for companies to grow in the long term. 3) Recovery of traditional business with industry needs.