Tupou Group (601689).
Summary reported: Topper Group collected $2.56 billion in the first half of 2020, an increase of 5.1 per cent over the same period; Topper Group main camp is car spare parts, including various products such as shock relief, soundproofing, lightly quantified parts of the chassis and motor electronics.
In the first half of the year, the Māori rate was 26 per cent, roughly the same as in the previous year; the net interest rate was 8.4 per cent and the same as in the previous year.
The company ' s share of the domestic market in 2020h1 is in autonomous parts and components.
The company’s revenue fell by only 7%, after deducting a copy of the brand of a new energy vehicle that H1 had just started producing. Topau’s deep-dwelling spare parts have been able to form with shock cushions and suspense for more than 20 years through continuous expansion.
Accompanied chassis (turnovers, control arm, side racks, etc.) has been successful in obtaining a large number of customer orders.
The advantages of horizontal integration of the Tuppets on the chassis have been pointed out in the report "Quantified Nvh Double Swords Together, The Dynamics of the Bottom Disk Business " . Since this year, multiple electric vehicle brands have been fast, they have become more focused on batteries, adas, etc., and spare parts such as the chassis will gradually be modularized.
We believe that the suppliers of parts and components that have a wider product line that can provide an integrated solution and that can be effectively shared among the product lines will gradually win. Multi-heat management, auto electronics, and a growing business trend.
In the pipeline, the electronic vacuum pump with the new energy vehicle has gradually stabilized, increasing by more than 50% in 2020h1 battalion by the same year. At the same time, companies have been working on ibs (wire-controlled electronic boosters), which are expected to incubate more car electronic applications for power control, pump valves, and related software accumulation.
The equivalent is 79.4/52.6/39.5x. We believe that the TPP Group has high-quality client resources, that the downstream growth of spare parts operations such as chassis, shock abatement, interior interior etc. is more certain, and that the thermal management, new automobile electronics, etc., are expected to grow faster and maintain a “very recommended” rating.
Research assistant: Jang Chi Yung, the source of financial prosperity in the East, Topper Group (601689): Joint Trailer, horizontal integration re-exploitation
Figure 1: Tupou Group ' s total operating income and the same rate of increase
Figure 5: Gili car cma modularization, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wisdom.
Tupou Group (601689): Joint Trailer, horizontal integration and expansion of the source of financial prosperity in the East, Liu Xiaoming
Bachelor of Arts, University of Qinghua, Master ' s degree, cfa holder, Dartmouth College, United States, seven years of technical and managerial experience in the automobile industry at home and abroad.
Zhang Xiao Yin, Master of Finance, University of Cyan Transport, 2019, joined East Hing Securities to study the auto industry, and the teacher's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Tupou Group (601689): Joint Trailer, horizontally integrated re-extension, does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.