CMB International Securities | Equity Research | Company Update
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Ping An Bank (000001 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
Stable NIM and rising dividend payout highlight 4Q19 results
Target Price
(Previous TP
RMB 21.20)
Up/Downside
+35.2%
PAB reported FY19 net profit of RMB 28.2bn, up 13.6% YoY and in line with its
Current Price
preliminary earnings announcement. Key results positives are stable NIM, lower
CIR, stricter NPL recognition, and higher dividend payout. We remain upbeat on
China Banking Sector
PAB's growth prospects and see major catalysts from: 1) continued better-than-
peers NIM and asset quality trend, thanks to greater retail exposure; 2)
successful transformation in corporate banking, with support from Ping An
Terry Sun, CFA
Group; and 3) management's boost for wealth management business, in order
to make up the long-standing weakness in funding cost.
■ Results positives: 1) Loan growth accelerated to 8.0% in 4Q19, as
capital was replenished after the conversion of RMB 26bn CB in 3Q19.
Stock Data
Corporate loan growth picked up to 10% QoQ, driving a strong deposit
growth of 6.3% QoQ. 2) NIM remained stable QoQ at 2.62%, as 10bp
decline in loan yield was offset by 8bp/3bp retreat in deposit/interbank
funding costs; 3) 4Q19 cost-income ratio fell 2.5ppt YoY to 31.1%,
indicating better operating efficiency; 4) Asset quality improved with
Shareholding Structure
stricter loss recognition. NPL ratio edged down 3bp QoQ to 1.65%, mainly
from 22bp contraction in corporate NPL ratio. Moreover, NPLs has covered
122%/104% of 90/60-day overdue loans, implying less formation pressure
going forward; 5) Retail client base continued to expand. No. of retail
client rose 3.6% QoQ to 97.1mn, and retail AUM increased 5.9% QoQ to
Share Performance
RMB 1.98tn. 6) Management proposed a higher dividend payout of 15%,
up 5ppts from FY18.
Results negatives: 1) Capital ratio declined in 4Q19. CET-1/total CAR
slid 64bp/14bp QoQ to 9.1%/13.2% on faster RWA expansion. 2) Retail
Source: Bloomberg
NPL ratio rose 10bp HoH to 1.19%, due to 29bp and 12bp HoH increase in
12-mth Price Performance
NPL ratio for credit card (1.66%) and auto finance loans (0.74%). As a
precautionary measure, PAB slowed down the growth of credit card
overdraft to 5.8%, vs 11.6% total loan growth in 2H19.
Maintain BUY and lower TP to RMB 19.80. We trim our FY20-21 earnings
estimates by 4.2-7.5%, as we lower NIM forecast by 3-5bp and raise credit
cost assumption by 8-10bp to reflect COVID-19's impact. That said, we
believe recent share price correction offers a good opportunity to accumulate
the stock. Our revised RMB 19.8 TP is based on 1.28x target P/B and
Source: Bloomberg
FY20E BVPS of RMB 15.5.
Auditor: PwC
Related Reports
Long-term prospect stays intact
despite some NIM pressure – 22 Oct
All-round improvement; NIM & NPL
Best proxy to capture the retail
Takeaways from retail banking
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company, CMBIS estimates
Financial Summary
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the
securities or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the
subject securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views
expressed by that analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong
Securities and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the
date of issue of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this
report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong
Kong listed companies covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all
investors. CMBIS does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual
investment objectives, financial position or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events
may differ materially from that which is contained in the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not
guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS
recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a
professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of
CMBIS or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any
security or any interest in securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants,
directors, officers or employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying
on the information contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available
and reliable. CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or
correctness. CMBIS provides the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change
without notice. CMBIS may issue other publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect
different assumption, point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions
that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for
itself and/or on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other
business relationships with the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that
could affect the objectivity of this report and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended
recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without
prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion)
Order 2005 (as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies,
Unincorporated Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
This report is intended for distribution in the United States to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US, institutional investor that receives a
copy of this research report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this research report to any other
person.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial
Adviser as defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may
distribute reports produced by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under
Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor,
Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal
6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.