A major breakthrough in the export of components, leading to the internationalization of first-line suppliers, the company announced that the fully-owned subsidiary, Lungi Leye, had signed a single crystal component sales contract with a leading American power station developer, and agreed to accumulate the value of the single crystal component to be delivered to it in 2019-2022.
After many years of work, the US component portfolio has been significant: since the 2015 sale of the components, due to constraints in terms of capacity and distribution channels, it has always been the result of the output, in order to meet domestic market demand. However, companies have set up long distances for the components from the very beginning.
Business objectives, so over the past two years, the company has been led by top management to do a great deal of offshore market development, including obtaining certification from banks and rating agencies, marketing channels, large overseas.
In 2017, the proportion of overseas sales of components reached 10 per cent, and is projected to rise to more than 25 per cent this year, with high profitability innovation and copying of silicon.
2gw) marks the company’s official move towards internationalization of a linear light-voltage component supplier.
In a two-year review of the China-Loneki stock company, the domestic market single crystal penetration rate rose significantly faster than overseas, partly according to the view that domestic leaders “affirmed” the single crystal route, while the overseas market was still so much in the way that we thought: first of all, lead.
The Technology Program itself, which supports efficient, low-cost electricity through the establishment of technical thresholds and competitive mechanisms.
Second, it's relatively slow to increase the permeability of single crystals overseas, and there's a great deal to do with the need for energy-side restructuring. The three-year silicon plan is ambitious, and the strength of the components accelerates. We believe that with the capacity of a few large single silicone suppliers in the country, it will expand rapidly.
Photovoltaic has become the cheapest power source in the world, and domestic policy fluctuations have accelerated the release of potential demand: photovoltaic is already the most economical form of electricity generation in such solarly superior regions as South Europe and India, and this year in China.
Photovoltaic policy changes have led to an over-expected decline in prices for whole-sector chain products, which, despite a phased reduction in business profitability, has been able to accelerate the process of photovoltaic parity access and the release of potential global demand. This time, the big orders that companies have signed with American developers are a powerful test.
As a result of the higher-than-anticipated decline in product prices as a result of domestic policy changes, we adjusted the forecast of corporate profitability to the further deterioration of US-China trade relations, thus affecting the implementation of the contract.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment