With a steady and steady pace of growth and a gradual recovery in profitability, Lungi shares achieved business income of 10 billion yuan in the first half of 2018, an increase of 59 per cent in the same year, net profits, a rebound in profit q2 and a strong rise in cost competitiveness: the company ' s main product prices were rounded up during the q2 period.
In a unilateral downward trend, the company q2 quarter Māori rates and net interest rates off investment returns split between the reverse ring, which rebounded by 1.1 and 3.3 percentage points, reaching 23 and 11.2 per cent, of which raw material prices fell to some extent, but we believe that the profit margin was better than the profit margin, much more from the public.
The Division ' s continued rapid decline in non-silicon costs, converted by technological advances, and optimized cost rates resulting from scale effects. Overseas component sales achieved global competitiveness across a single-crystal route and effectively hedged down domestic demand: 1. " Component exports have made a major breakthrough towards internationalization. "
In the first half of the year, the company's overseas component sales amounted to 687mw, 18 times more than in the same period last year, and accounted for the first half of the company's supplier, the Lungi Stock Company, a review of 26 per cent of the annual stock sales of the component, which was fully explained by the company's announcement in July this year of a large order for the American component.
The sale of company monocrystal components has been successful in opening overseas markets, and the monocrystal route is expected to be replicated on the international market.
"High Profitability Innovations, Component Operations Reproducing Silicon The Need for Single Crystals High, Silicon End Productions Not yet Fully Released, and Lacked a Quantified and Powerful Path to Success - The Lungi Annual Stock Exchange Review."
Competing parties, companies recorded high rates of Maori in recent years in 2017q2; since this year, with silicon production, 4. "Silicon-signing large stock stocks, expanding Indian production capacity, rapid release (a massive expansion of the two monocrystal giants plus improved capacity of the modified multi-crystalline),
The tight supply of high-quality silicon has put the cost of single crystal silicon raw materials at a disadvantage, adding 531.
The impact of policy, influenced by multiple factors at the industrial and policy levels, is a serious strain on corporate profitability. Looking ahead, new high-quality silicon production will be released from q4, multi-crystal silicon production will be phased out in a state that is significantly unprofitable, and energy digestion and price fighting pressures will slow down, with the exception of the middle ring.
Competing competitors, while traditional integrated enterprises have significantly slowed down their previous expansion and technological change plans (silicon silicon self-supply and component effectiveness) in the current state of industrial depression. Thus, the company’s continuing technological progress is high, and its profitability is still expected to return to health after the q3 stage bottom.
The operating cash flow improved significantly and the financial position was robust: the net operating cash flow of the company in the first half of the year amounted to (8621) 61,355,955.1.170 billion yuan, a significant improvement in the same year and close to the total net profit (previously high in the rapid expansion phase)
The proportion of components and power plant operations consumed by gold has stabilized; in addition, except for the significant increase in stock due to the impact of the 531 policy (8621), 61038279 goods, the financial position is robust and demonstrates a strong risk-resistant capacity.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment