The information technology semiconductor and semiconductor production equipment The semi-annual stock evaluation of Lungi (601012), which continues to grow significantly, the single crystal share has increased significantly, the volume of production has increased significantly, and the single crystal share has increased effectively.
In the first half of 2018, the company achieved 1.54 billion single crystal silicon tablets, of which it sold externally.
During the reporting period, the company stepped up its operations in the overseas market and built channels to carry out the manufacture of single-crystal batteries.
In the first half of 2018, the company's overseas stock/flow (million shares) reached 687mw, 18 times as much as in the same period last year.
Total market value/flow (millions of yuan) is further accentuated, with an effective rise in monocrystal market ownership, continued expansion of R & D inputs and increased product competitiveness. Companies continued to deepen their products during the reporting period.
Leading strategies, maintaining high-intensity R & D investment, continuously building up R & D capacity, and spending 7.19. At the end of June, companies accumulated 407 authorized patents, producing significant R & D results, and producing new and more efficient products.
High technological accumulation and project reserves, such as material thinning techniques, at a cost to industry lead; in single crystal batteries, components, companies have a maximum conversion rate of 23.6 per cent for single crystal perc cells and a high conversion efficiency for high-efficiency single crystal perc components of 60
20,66%, 60-type single crystal perc semi-forms with a power of 360 W, have updated the world record, and the level of research and development is at industry level. In May 2018, during the Shanghai International Sun Photovoltaic Exhibition, the company released a two-sided semi-module "hi-mo3" of the new perc component.
Rates, high power generation, lower heat spot impacts, lower lcoe are oriented to further product efficiency and performance, providing industry with a new product choice with lower electricity costs. Efficient production continues to expand, with clear technological cost advantages.
The technological cost advantage of crystal products accelerates progress in the construction of monocrystal products expansion projects. During the reporting period, companies, on the one hand, rationalized production resources to ensure efficient use of existing capacity, and, on the other hand, actively promoted progress in the construction of the expansion projects.
At the end of the reporting period, the 5gw single crystal silicon stick project, the 10gw single silicone chip project, the 5gw single silicone bar and the 5gw single crystal were produced by the lonki in Sinakawa.
The silicon silicon project is under construction, the Zhejiang and Tai County monocrystal units have been upgraded and upgraded, the harvest continues to grow at a high rate, and the single crystal share has increased significantly.
The 500mw monocrystal component project is now fully operational. Investment proposal: The firm's deep-deep luminous industry, focused on monocrystal technology routes, has great advantages in terms of cost, efficiency, and management.
and 1.95 yuan/units, corresponding to p9.36, 8.26 and 6.89, with a “buy-in” rating.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report