The best cash flow history, the expansion of overseas markets, and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (WSRDC) event: 18 years and a half of annual corporate reporting, generating business income of $10.00 billion, an increase of 59.4 per cent over the previous year.
The net profit is now 1.31 billion yuan for the mother, a 5.7 per cent increase for the same year, and 1.25 billion yuan for the non-post net profit for the mother, a 1.8 per cent increase for the same year, largely in line with expectations. The price of single crystal silicon was reduced by 37 per cent between the first half of January and the first half of July of the year, and the price of single crystal components was reduced by 37 per cent.
Twenty per cent of companies achieved a combined Māori rate of 22.6 per cent in the first half of the year, a decline of 12.5 percentage points in the same year, but q2 achieved a combined Māori rate of 23.0 per cent and an increase of 1.1 percentage points in the ring when prices continued to decline, which we consider to be mainly a double effect of corporate cost control plus a lower price of q2 for upstream silicon.
For overseas markets, H1's sales of overseas single crystal components reached 687mw in 2018, 18 times more than in the same period last year, accounting for 26.1% of the external sales of components.
• Maintenance of high R & D expenditure, excellent cash flow history, and significant improvement in operating capacity: the company spent $720 million on R & D in 18 years, an increase of 61.8 per cent in the same year, representing 7.2 per cent of the principal business income, the company's R & D share of R & D over the years, which is mostly above 5 per cent and maintains a high level of R & D input; and the company's operational nature during the first half of the year
Net cash flows of $1.17 billion, an increase of 925.8 per cent over the same period, of which $1.89 billion in two quarters, was the highest quarter in the company's history. In an increasingly tight financial environment, it was not easy for the company to accelerate its sales return and improve its cash flow. In addition, the company continued to improve its operational capacity, rationalize its expenditure on costs and accounts receivable.
The turnover was 76 days, a 27-day reduction compared to the same period the previous year, and the inventory turnover was 81 days, compared with 1.05 percentage points, which provided strong guarantees for the company's efficient productive capacity expansion and production operations.
Longki shares (601012): Profitability to component end Scenario 1: assuming that the company's silicon production capacity reached 28gw, 35gw, 40gw by the end of 20-20 years, 18 years with more capacity release, multi-crystal and single-crystal price slamming down to 17%, followed by silicon prices
(c) The Māori rate of the component chain has also been lowered to a 20 per cent level under price-reduction pressures, and Noro has received no direct or indirect compensation for, and will not receive, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.