The price reduction in the industrial chain affects the continued expansion of profits, single-crystal pole status, Lungi shares.
The growth in the sale of single crystal silicon tablets and components led to an improvement in performance: 2018h1 registered a breakthrough of 10 billion yuan, an increase of 59 per cent over the same period. The contribution came mainly from 35 per cent of total business, 56 per cent of single silicone, and light.
The component business has grown significantly. The 2018h1 company was able to produce 1,544 million single crystal silicon tablets, an increase of 78 per cent in the same year, of which 758 million were sold out and 786 million were sold out. The single crystal battery assembly was sold out of 3.23gw, an increase of 47 per cent in the same year, with 2.647gw for single crystal components, 0.375gw for single crystal batteries and 0.22gw for single crystal batteries.
The net profit growth of the 2018h1 company was 5.73%, which was significantly lower than the growth in revenue, mainly because of the decrease in the combined Māori rate, the large price of photovoltaic products, which fell by 37% and 20%, respectively, in 2018h1, which directly reduced the profitability of the company. For photovoltaic producers, the growth of Eastern financial intelligence after the scale of production was reduced.
Cost-control capabilities will be the most important determinant of market competitiveness, and industry integration and concentration will be the inevitable trends, and companies are expected to achieve rapid growth at this stage by replacing the east wind with single crystals.
90gw, with a single crystal penetration rate of about 33%, with a projected 60gw, 110gw and a single crystal permeability rate of 35% by 2018, and a single crystal permeability rate of over 40% in the future. As a result of a gradual reduction in monochrystal price differentials, the single crystal value ratio has risen significantly, resulting in a reduction of less than 50% in the post-New Deal multiple crystal capacity and 82% in the company ' s 2018h1 crystal silicon production capacity.
In the pilot project, single crystals have become the mainstream technology route, with 2018,2 light-voltage requirements largely supported by pilot projects, and single crystals have been supported by stable demand. The company has continued to expand the capacity of single crystal silicon and component units, building on 15gw, 6.5gw in 2017, up to 28gw, 12gw, an absolute single-crystal pole.
The crystal battery and assembly projects underscore the firm determination of companies to develop monocrystals. In the light of the downward trend in photovoltaic subsidies and the trend towards affordable Internet access, monocrystal products will gain advantage in multi-crystal competition, and companies are expected to develop rapidly by replacing the monocrystal with the east wind.
The photovoltaic industry is still in the process of technological optimization, the route of technology has not yet been fully harmonized, and technological upgrading will have a profound impact on industry development. Companies have invested heavily in technology and technology development, spending $719 million on research and development in 2018h1, representing an increase of 61.80 per cent, or 7.18 per cent, of the revenue from the current main business.
The conversion efficiency was 20.66%, and the 60th single crystal perc semiconductor, with a power of 360w, updated the world record. With the acceleration of Internet access at par, more efficient and cost-effective battery assemblies will emerge, and the company’s research and development will gradually generate value.
The company is the homeline silicon silicon silicon, and in the face of a chill in the 531 post-neopolitik market, the trend towards a single silicon replacement will accelerate and the company will benefit from increased integration and concentration in the photovoltaic industry, although performance will be stressed in 2018, but it will have a very large growth potential in the long run. We expect the company to earn $20.16 billion, $30.64 billion and $34.45 billion in the years 2018-2020, respectively.
The lack of support for photovoltaic policies, the sharp fall in the price of photovoltaic products, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial intelligence in the East.
Yang Jom, head of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of portfolio research experience, good at capturing the dynamics of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context, briefing of the research assistant.
He Dynasty Bachelor of Mechanical Engineering, University of Qinghua, Master of Science and Technology, 4 years of work experience in the nuclear power industry, 3 years of work experience in the international energy engineering industry, and joined the East Hing Portfolio in 2018 for electricity equipment and new energy research.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.