Lungi shares (601012.sh) 601012: Maintenance of high growth in revenues, Long Quan: the company published its semi-annual report in 2018, with significant growth in revenues and a decline in profit rates
During the reporting period, companies achieved gross operating income of $10.02 billion, an increase of 59.36 per cent over the same period; net profit of $1,303 million, an increase of 6.02 per cent over the same period; net profit of return to mothers of $1,307 million, an increase of 5.73 per cent over the same period.
Silicon production capacity is 15 gw, and the company expects that by the end of 2018, the annual production capacity of single crystal silicon will reach 28 gw. Financial costs are 85 million yuan, a decrease of 12.37 per cent from the previous year; sales costs are 457 million yuan, an increase from the same date.
The single crystal market rate accelerated in 2017, rising to 36 per cent in the domestic market and 27 per cent in the global market, and is expected to rise further in 2018. At the end of 2017, the company single crystal silicon produced 15gw, and the single crystal component produced 6.5gw, according to the company ' s publication on the monocrysilica industry.
Three years (2018-2020) strategic plan to achieve a single crystal silicon production capacity of 28gw by 2018, 36gw by 2019 and 45gw by 2020.
Silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon.
Being continuously competitive, and further strengthening corporate monocrystal leadership. The new deal is being actively addressed, and the domestic photovoltaic industry is in a state of adjustment after the long-term business landscape is changing 531 and India has recently announced a call for batteries and components in our country.
The two-year backsliding of product implementation has led to expected reductions in demand in emerging markets, and a drop in short-term global demand has posed a huge challenge to the photovoltaic industry. Within two months, companies have secured their day-to-day operations and development objectives through equity build-ups, bond issues, sale of power stations, and equity fund-raising.
The Division is active in expanding overseas markets, expanding upstream partners, reducing procurement costs, and ensuring the length of raw materials.
With clean, safe, reliable and affordable energy, the industry will show a more visible pattern of championing.
At the end of 2017, the company's single crystal component produced 6.5gw, with a volume of 4.5gw in 2018, was expanded and technologically modified simultaneously, and is expected to produce 12gw by the end of the year.
Perc components are favoured by the market and their prices are raised in advance. Nearly 40% of the eight pilot bases in 2018 will have a single crystal dual-face component technology, and only companies currently have the capacity to produce a single crystal-efficient dual-face component.
Laboratory tests have confirmed that the power of the 60th single crystal perc semiconductor component of Lungi Leaf has passed 360w (the highest power of the modules). The component business is expected to increase corporate profitability and become a new growth point in performance.
Xu Jialine, the author of the Institute's sales team, has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.