The impact of the downside of the silicon price is manageable, and the productivity of the productive energy frees up the power of the city is strongly recommended (maintain)
In the first half of 2018, the company used 82% of the single crystal silicone product, and the single crystal component has a largely full capacity.
Single-crystal silicon cell/assembly capacity has been fully produced: Zhejiang and Taizhou single-crystal component capacity has been modified: 5gw silicon rods, 10gw silicon tablets, 5gw silicon bars and single silicon tablets are under construction.
758 million (yoy+68.82%) sold abroad and 786 million (yoy+87.59%) used themselves; 375mw (yoy-52.89%) of monocrystal components; 220mw of single-crystal batteries sold externally. It is worth noting that companies have been forward-looking in the first half of the year in the construction of overseas market layouts and corridors, with large overseas sales of single-crystal components.
The price decline has had a limited impact on the Māori rate, and the company ' s cost transfer capacity has highlighted the fact that 2018h1 company has an export revenue of $6,719 million for a single crystal component, equivalent to a unit price of $2.54/w.
The average Māori rate of the company ' s 2018h1 component is 11.46%. The cost of removing the battery is more rigid than the cost of the battery, and the marginal effect of the drop in the battery ' s cost is becoming weaker as the cost of the battery is reduced. But the price of the component is now at a distance.
The ability to channel cost pressures to the most upstream is important, given the distance from affordable access to the Internet.According to a sustained increase in R & D investment and operational capacity, firm 2018h1 continues to increase R & D investment, spending $719 million (yoy+61.80%) on R & D, which accounts for the camp.
The conversion efficiency of the crystal perc component was 20.66 per cent, and the 60 single crystal perc semi-dispensive component exceeded 360w, updating the world record. At the same time, the company actively increased its operational capacity by 76 days, a decrease of 27 days compared to the same period; the stock turnover was 81 days, a decrease of 6 days compared to the same period; and the cost of three days was reduced.
In this process, the company has demonstrated good transfer of costs and ability to operate. There has been further change in the photovoltaic policy based on the company’s single-crystal pole; new light-voltage installed machines have not been as expected; and the company’s capacity has expanded too fast to produce.
Access continues to decline; the industrial chain continues to shuffle, etc., before Internet access at affordable prices.