(a) The proposed stock collection of $3.9 billion plus single crystals project, the proposed stock collection of $3.9 billion for 5gw single crystal batteries and 5gw single crystal components, based on confidence in the expansion of photovolve heads: the company issues a public announcement that it will sell to all shareholders at a rate of no more than 3 shares per 10 shares.
The total amount raised by the proposed unit does not exceed $3.9 billion, of which $2.54 billion was invested in the 5gw high-efficiency single-crystal battery project (a total investment of $3.049 billion); $1.06 billion in the 5gw high-efficiency single-crystal component project (a total investment of $2,262 million); and $300 million in additional liquidity.
After the “531” New Deal, the company’s expansion strategy remained unchanged and its market share continued to expand: in early 2018, the company launched a three-year plan for single crystal silicon, with a capacity of 28, 36 and 45gw for silicon production between 2018 and 2020. After the “531” New Deal, the company continued to expand production according to its original plan.
The firm’s single crystal silicon bid is now stable at 3.15 dollars per piece and multi-silicone silicon. The backward multi-silicone production capacity is accelerating the market, and the company’s production line can reach a 90% start rate. Domestic loading will be dominated by the pilot project in the second half of 2018, and demand for single crystals can form a strong support.
The 5gw battery and 5gw components of this campaign will help companies to further open the downstream market and continue to expand their share of the market.
After the New Deal, the photovoltaic industry faced enormous challenges, and within two months the company secured its day-to-day business and development objectives through equity build-up, bond issues, sale of power stations, and equity fund-raising. At the same time, the company actively expanded its overseas market, signing a contract with a major ground power plant developer in the United States.
A sales contract of approximately $600 million, to be implemented between 2019 and 2022; and the expansion of upstream partnerships, with purchase contracts from February 2018 to date with Oci, the All-New Energy, the Tungwei shares and the New Special Energy, actively seeking additional partners, reducing procurement costs and ensuring the long-term stability of raw materials
Should. We believe that the photovoltaic industry is in its final sprint before the "price-free Internet", and the company is the dragon, "A share for the price, second-quarter profitability begins." The head enterprise is actively pursuing development opportunities in difficult circumstances, looking at the future of the company as a global luminous locomotive.
• Short-term pressure on performance to see companies become global champions in the future, maintaining a “highly recommended” rating: Visible, Supported Photovoltaic Prices Online
Double. Performance under policy influences in 2018, but we're looking forward to the future of the company as a photovoltaic industry.
Global flagship, maintaining a “highly recommended” rating.