1 November 2019 Medical Organisms
The company achieved business income of $27,628 million in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 19.06 per cent in the same year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, a net gain of $617 million, an increase of 19.61 per cent in the same year.
Corporate fundamentals (latest) continue to grow strongly in the industrial sector. During the reporting period, the industrial sector of the company maintained a rapid growth trend, with its subsidiary, Central China and China, earning $8,390 million in net profits.
In the course of the reporting period, the company’s business sections, doctors, US and other businesses together received $19.238 billion, an increase of 14.89 per cent.
Business blocks continue to be good, and medically-Americans continue to expand. During the reporting period, the company completed a strategic cooperation agreement with medibeacon, which will allow the company to acquire all the products owned by medibeacon in 25 Asian countries, including mainland China.
In the reporting period, the company sold 32.34 per cent of the gross domestic product, an increase of 2.83 pp, and the net interest rate of 8.34 per cent.
R & D continues to grow at around $1 billion, with the creation of a Global Center for New Medicines and Innovation in East Central America, covering the whole chain of new drug research and development from pre-clinical research to new drug applications, gradually aligning with the international norm for research on innovative drugs, which is now over 10 years old.
• Profit forecasting: we predict that the company will be eligible to belong to its parent company in 2019-2021. This report is produced by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers of Chinese securities. The company will not receive this report from recipients.
But there is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial position and specific needs of the persons who were taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual to anyone.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial status and specific needs.