q3 Rapid growth of industrial profits, sustained investment in research and development
The company published three quarterly reports. During the first three quarters of the 19th quarter, the company achieved business income of $27,628 million, an increase of 19.06 per cent over the previous quarter, resulting in a net profit of $2,213 million, an increase of 22.33 per cent over the previous quarter; losses and losses on the disposal of non-current assets and government subsidies; and deductions for the recovery of R & D costs in the first three quarters.
Of this amount, 19q3 achieved operating income of RMB 9,379 million, an increase of 19.03 per cent in the same year, a net profit of RMB 617 million, an increase of 19.61 per cent in the same year, a net profit of RMB 606 million, an increase of 17.65 per cent in the same year, and a non-performance rate of non-performance of q3 regressive R&D costs.
(i) Rapid growth in both business and industry, with costs still affecting profits, and rapid growth in corporate income and net profits in the first three quarters, by industry: in the pharmaceutical industry, the company’s core industry wholly owned subsidiary, Mid-American East, Hangzhou
There was a decline. Of that amount, q3 was about $2.7 billion in the Middle East, +31 per cent in the same year. With regard to pharmaceutical commerce, corporate commerce was largely out of double-counting and drug-occupancy control. Growth was robust, with company business generating more than $18 billion in the previous three quarters; other industries.
In mid-19, Chinese medicine (000963.sz) reported a 32 per cent increase in labour prices. 3. Immunization line: overall 30 per cent + and 4.
Business has maintained a positive growth momentum, and research and development has been instrumental.
China East Medicines (000963.sz) 2018: Work-period costs, company sales rates, management-cost rates in the first three quarters (Accordings high growth, R & D orderlyly advanced, significantly low
Three-quarterly report on medical medicine in China (000963), tracking: industrial insurance (+0.58 pp) and 0.40 per cent (+0.22 pp). All three fee rates have increased, with sales increasing rapidly, and businesses still need to remain silent.
The increase in the cost rate and the management cost rate is mainly related to Sinclair, and the increase in the financial cost rate is mainly due to the increase in interest-bearing liabilities and the decrease in interest income on deposits. Of these, the share of corporate sales costs, management fees, R & D costs in industrial income was 8.49% in a single three-quarter period (year-on-year +1.28pp), and the impact of q3 on net profit growth has become unclear.
In addition, the net cash flow from company operations q1-q3 was 909 million yuan, a 35% decline from the same period, which we believe is mainly due to the substantial financial needs of pharmaceutical businesses (generally four-quarters returns) and the warming of the company’s pharmaceutical business plates.
The corporate industrial block cash flow is estimated to be increasing in a positive way, which could be achieved through a transition between the parent company ' s cash flow statement and the consolidated cash flow statement (ii) R & D input support company, where R & D pipelines are progressing well, according to the company ' s 18-year annual report, in 2019, with the growth of products in the corporate R & D field, the focus was on the gradual entry of research products.
We believe that, under the current national drug policy, corporate R & D investment is a build-up that cannot or cannot be built up in the future, and is key to a successful transformation. We believe that corporate follow-on R & D pipelines are strong, supported by R & D inputs, can support firms’ rapid growth in the long term.
The company has nearly 40 varieties of research and development pipelines; the company continues to insist on innovation-oriented new, “two-wheel-drive” drug development strategies that combine autonomous research and development and the introduction of external cooperation to ensure that the company’s innovative drug development is at the forefront of the international front line. It also focuses on high-end and high-technology-difficult generics, special-group drug use, and improved new drugs with international standards.
More than 10 innovative projects (including innovative medicines, high-tech barriers imitators, and US 505b(2)) have been set up to provide a good basis for the continued listing of future product lines and new medicines. At the same time, internal re-profiling of established generics has been undertaken, giving priority to clinical use and market-valued projects, and accelerating the process of registration.
The Center for Innovation in New Medicines in Central America and the Middle East has demonstrated its commitment to transforming research and development. The Center will serve as an international platform for corporate research and development on new medicines and technological cooperation, effectively integrating all aspects of the Department’s resources through the formation of a first-rate, innovative research and development team, and a team of external expert consultants, dedicated to building a new ecological chain of drug research and development that is open, sustainable and of high quality.
For the three key components of new drug screening, safe evaluation, and drug clinicals, the full chain of new drug research and development from pre-clinical research to new drug applications is gradually being integrated into international research norms on innovative drugs. Currently, the company is entering the clinical phase of innovative drugs tttp273 and hd118, and the introduction of four products from Medibeacon in the United States will be organized by the Innovation Center.
We believe that the company's R & D pipeline is robust and fast: 1. Lila Rupe: The national multi-centre ii clinical trial is now fully operational, with clinical completion and declaration expected by 2020.
The patients showed good efficacy, and when the results of the first phase were obtained, they communicated with cde to make a direct declaration of the results of the ii clinical process and to make an advance announcement. The iii clinical trial for first-line treatment is also being prepared and is scheduled to be launched in the second half of 2019. 3.ttp-273: A clinical trial was approved in May of this year and a trial was carried out, and this year a clinical trial was completed, starting in 2020.
5. Chemical imitation pharmaceuticals: Capofin net, Sigletine dimethyl dichlorfon combination, Cotrimoxazole capsules, Anaquillium tablets, arithmetic tablets are declared to be in review; Nguelle net dimethyl dichlorfon combinations have been tested and information is being prepared that will be declared production: Linezo ammonium tablets, Kaglélé net, Kaglélélé net double amitraz combination, Ngellélé sequin, Maschtentan tablets.
The New Pharmacy Institute of the State East Pharmaceuticals Group is targeted for the company and ownership is vested in the New Pharmacy Institute of the Hangzhou East Medicine Group, but will be transferred exclusively to the company or its subsidiaries, as agreed, after successful development.
We look forward to the company’s strategy of a specialized cluster and its ability to sink at the grass-roots level. We believe that companies follow up with a strong pip line, complemented by uncertainty in the pharmaceutical sector’s policies, such as medical reform; the risk of drug price reductions; and the risk of drug research and development failing or falling short of expectations.