Business continues to be good, highlighting the industry ' s leading position -- the year 2020 and the 21-year-old Quarter Review.
The company published its annual report for 2020 and its quarterly report for 2021. The company achieved a business growth of 22.43 per cent in 2020; net profit after deduction was $4.265 billion, an increase of 8.93 per cent over the same period. In the second half of the first quarter of 2021, the supply and demand of the industrial chain gradually reversed and the prices of upstream raw materials and some of the supporting materials were high.
The price of raw materials, such as lithium carbonate and hexafluoride, is doubled, the battery chain is profitable and the income structure (2020a) is under pressure. The company’s level of profitability is maintained at a higher level, largely thanks to strong corporate industry chain rhetoric.
Power cell output has increased steadily, and overseas revenues have increased significantly.
51.71gwh, growth of 9.42% over the same year: power cell output of 46.84gwh over the year increased by more than the same year. Thanks to overseas sales, particularly in Europe, the company has made significant progress in overseas business over the past 20 years, generating $7.908 billion in offshore revenue, an increase of 295.30% over the year.
The Māori rate for offshore operations is 32.69 per cent, higher than nearly 6 percentage points in the country, supporting the overall profitability of the company. Corporate power cell revenue is estimated at about 0.887 yuan/wh, a decrease of 7.47 per cent compared to the previous year. Global power cell loaders, 15.1gwh, have significantly increased to 31.46 per cent in China.
With high growth in storage operations, the industry is experiencing a drop of 2.55%. Sne shows a global output of about 20gwhh in 2020, an increase of 82%. In the context of the rapid start of the storage market, companies have continued to increase their R & D investment.
Access, introduction of outdoors enerone products, transforming overseas markets from the provision of components to the provision of battery systems. As the cost of lithium batteries drops and life cycle increases, electricity cleaning accelerates the growth of demand for power side storage, and economics and risk awareness boosts.
User side storage can increase the volume of goods and the storage market can move to a rapid stage of development. Based on the development opportunities of the storage market, companies and the consumer battery giants atl co-financed two joint ventures to build up the power of the world’s emerging markets.
By the end of 2020, the company power cell system produced 69.1gwhh and is currently producing up to 77.5gwhh. Since the second half of 2020, the industry has been up and running, with supply and demand.
Reverse the pattern, the company's pursuit of opportunities for industrial development, successive announcements of large-scale accelerated production capacity expansion plans, including the Foding Base Project, the Jiangsu IV Project, the Choosing Project, the Ei Binji Five Six and the Re-Extension Project, as well as the Time Gilliebing Project, the Time One Expansion Project, etc.
In addition, the company’s 20-year and 21-year plans have invested about $19 billion in securities, investment in high-quality enterprises in the domestic and foreign industrial chains.
• Strong cash flows, sustained high investment in R & D, the prominence of the chain and the right to go up and down. The company's accounts are full of cash, up to the end of 21q1.
The cash balance on the books is $71.7 billion, an increase of 5 per cent from the end of the 20th century, laying the foundation for a massive expansion of the company’s output, and the firm attaches great importance to the development of products and technological processes, with a sustained increase in research and development investment, which is 3,569 million yuan for 20 years, with a 7.09 per cent increase in the share of research and development investment in revenue, compared with 0.56 per cent.
Percentage points. Benefiting from a well-developed R & D system of companies and a strong R & D team, less than expected demand for new energy vehicle markets, higher than expected price volatility of upstream raw materials, less than expected release of new productive capacity of firms and increased competition in the industry.
The author of this report, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces the report independently and objectively, with due diligence and professionalism, and ensures that the information used in the report is derived from compliance channels, seeks to reflect the author's research views clearly and accurately, and does not constitute any third-party conclusion.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.