Increased strategic cooperation among car companies, enhanced supply chain cooperation, full acceleration of battery taps worldwide, 11 June 2021
Nguyen Xiaoyan: The formal signing of a 10-year framework agreement on long-term strategic cooperation between the Ningde era and the Great Wall car will build on the advantages of the two sides, based on a deep partnership, raise the level of supply-side and demand-side linkages, build an effective synergy of competitive advantages, and drive
New-energy car technology advances, contributing to the “carbon peak” “carbon-neutrality” goal. The Great Wall electricization process accelerated, with huge forward planning. 56,000 new cars were sold in the Wall in 2020, same as +42% in 2021, with a high and sustained increase of 42,000 in January-May, an increase of 514% in electricity.
Three new models were launched at the Great Wall Automobile Exhibition, which provided a long-term driver for the subsequent growth in sales. The power battery manufacturer's beehive energy expansion rate, currently 4gwh, built, under construction and planned for a total capacity of 110gwh, was upgraded from 100gwh to 200gwh in 2025, with enormous planning.
In the case of cars, this strategic cooperation agreement is to bind battery capacity, address battery supply bottlenecks, and ensure that city cars are not supplied with power cells that depend mainly on Ninder and beehive energy. Given the current shortage of battery supplies in the industry, the Wall vehicle signed a strategic cooperation agreement to pre-link the Ninder power supply and add to the electric process.
In the case of batteries, the client’s increasing tendency to bind more and more is to collaborate in the next generation of technology research and development. High-quality battery production is a function of scarce resources, and major car companies want to lock their capacity in advance by means of joint ventures, stock participation, and long statements.
In Ningde, the company plans to officially launch a highly integrated ctc battery technology before and after 2025.
The chassis is integrated, and battery manufacturers need to be more deeply involved in the development of electric vehicles and to deepen their binding with car companies. This ten-year cooperation agreement between Ningde and the Great Wall, which we anticipate or launch, may involve cooperative development on ctc technologies, further reducing costs, increasing energy density and building synergies.
• Order orders guided by high expectations, and the target for the upper Shininger doubled for two years in a row. Prior to the Ningde era, an agreement was signed with the gift material to supply 15,000 tonnes of hydrofluoride recombinant fluids to meet the 110gwhh battery demand. If based on a 50% LC ratio, a 15% discount would be considered for the Ningde era June 2021-22 June 2021.
More than 170 gwh. We expect Ninder to produce 50 gwh+, 2h21 70 gwh+, and 1h22 with a bright cash flow, up every year.
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: the industry is in excess of expectations, the company foresaw orders before, that we will have a strong public position and a high degree of certainty about future growth, and that the profits will be recognized as relatively conservative, giving 22 years 75 times greater, in response to events: a 10-year long-term strategic cooperation framework agreement between the Ninder era and the Great Wall will be formally signed with the two sides themselves.
Based on a deep partnership between the supply and demand sides, the upgrading of the supply and demand interface, the creation of an efficient and synergistic competitive advantage, the advancement of new sources of automobile technology, and the achievement of the carbon-neutrality goal of “carbon peaks.” The Wall’s electricization process has accelerated, with large forward planning.
+42%, corresponding battery loader 1.74gwh, launched in the second half of 2020 with a black cat, white cat car, priced up to $100,000, targeted at female consumers, and sold well, selling 47,000 vehicles in the second half of 2020, a 396% increase over the ring. 2021, good cat-type sales, high and sustained, 42,000 vehicles in January-May, 514% more than in May, speeding up the electric process.
Three new cars were launched at the Great Wall Automobile Exhibition, where lightning cats are expected to start q2 next year, punk cats and cats are to be determined, and the new car cycle provides a long-term driver for the subsequent growth in sales. Three brands were created for the Wall, the Sl project and the beam car, which in 2023 was planned to sell a total of 1 million vehicles; we expect the Wall's new energy vehicle to be sold in 2025.
This strategic cooperation agreement is designed to bind battery capacity, address battery supply bottlenecks, and ensure that production capacity is not compromised.
Limited. In April 2021, the Great Wall sold 0.75 million vehicles, 43 per cent of the ring, 0.36 million in May, 52 per cent of the ring, while the Great Wall's Euragon gas index swollen upwards, and we expect the decline in production to be mainly due to the tight impact of batteries, chip supply, production, Ninder supplied the Wall's main vehicle with a cumulative load of 0.69gwh for January-April, a 392 per cent increase compared to the 392 per cent increase in supply.
50% of the beehives are used for the second supply, with a cumulative load of 0.53gwh in January-April, or 38%. We expect global sales in 2021 to be 540 - high-quality power cell capacity is scarce, the Ningde era continues to be full of production and supply is in short supply, and the Ningde era installed 0.18gwh in April, with a 24% drop in the ring, down to 42%, is expected to be due to insufficient capacity, with a second capacity to reload the beehive for the month of April.
In the short term, the Wall car is largely dependent on power cells from the Ninder era and from the beehive energy source, which is expected to reach around 3gwh throughout the year, and for which there is an external supply that does not meet the needs of the Wall ' s motor battery load of around 5gwh throughout the year. Given the current shortage of batteries in the industry, the Wall vehicle signing strategy.
In the battery plant, clients are increasingly increasingly tied, highlighting collaborative next-generation technology research and development. High-quality battery production is a function of scarce resources, and major car companies want to pre-position their capacity and supply relationships through joint ventures, stock participation, and long-term subscriptions.
(b) The need for power cell technology has been highlighted in the strategic cooperation agreement between the Ninder era and car companies since 2020, following Honda's entry into Siningde and the signing of the strategic cooperation agreement, which states that the two sides will develop power cells together;
Ninder's entry into the Aestromobile and his collaboration in the development of the next generation of power cell technology; and the signing of a strategic partnership agreement between the cars and the Ninder era, where both sides will deepen their cooperation in the area of new energy batteries. For the company, the binding of batteries means lithium, technology penetration of the power system and improved bargaining power, and for the battery company, deepening the collaboration of the company is conducive to further power generation.
In the Ningde-era technology route planning, the company plans to officially launch a highly integrated ctc battery technology, which is important for the future, around 2025.
The technology layout needs to integrate the core chassis, and the battery manufacturers need to be more deeply involved in the development of the electric vehicle, and to deepen their attachment to the car. Before the Ningde era, both sides will be looking to the future to develop the next generation of power cells, strengthening the voice of the battery company vis-à-vis the company. This ten-year cooperation agreement between Ningde and the Great Wall.
For example, co-operation on ctc technologies could be developed to further reduce costs, increase energy density, create orders that are better than expected, and the target for the shipment of the goods in the upper Shiningrade doubled for two years. Prior to the Ninder era, materials were locked in the price of UF6 and 15,000 tonnes of corresponding electrolyte liquid supply agreements were signed, and lithium hexafluoride was locked in accordance with the protocol.
The base price is quoted, and other raw materials and costs are priced on the basis of the quotation, which is reconfirmed if the market price for other raw materials rises or drops by more than 10%. Fifteen thousand tonnes of UF6 corresponds to about 13-14 million tonnes of electrolyte, which meets the 110gwh battery demand, as measured by the electrolyte requirement.
In the German era, in June 2021 - June 22, there were more than 170gwhh. We expect Ninder to produce 50gwh+, 2h21 to produce 70gwh+, and 1h22 to produce more than 100gwhh, 22 to produce more than 250gwhh over the year, doubling the same ratio, and more than doubling its growth over two years in a row.
Power and storage, about 30 gwh), expansion of the Sichuan era ' s five-sixth phase (power, about 40 gwh), the era ' s one-size-fits-all Phuket (power, about 17 gwh), the era ' s expansion of steam (power, about 35 gwh), the company ' s current production capacity planning of 600-650 gwh, the expansion of capacity at a faster rate, the process of electrodynamicization or further over-exploitation.
Figure 8: Performance planning measurement for the Ninder era (gwh) Profit forecasting and investment rating: industry landscape is over-expected, companies predict orders are ahead of expectations, and we will have a securities investment advisory committee in place with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.