The Ningl Age (300,750): Large scale-up, guaranteed supply capacity, combined atl storage capacity.
Events: The company publishes its annual 2020, its quarterly 2021 and several announcements on investment-related matters. The company is the leading global producer of lithium ion batteries, focusing on new energy car-powered battery systems, storage.
This represents an increase of 112.24 per cent in the same year, resulting in a net return of $1.954 billion, an increase of 163.38 per cent in the same year, and systematic R & D, production and marketing (from corporate officials). In addition, companies continue to issue a number of expansion plans, investment matters.
The power cell taps are strong, with large-scale expansion maintaining a large-scale advantage and supply capacity. The company ' s sales of lithium ion batteries in 2020 were 46.84gwh, an increase of 14.36% in the same year, while the sales of power cell systems sneresearch showed about 25% of the company ' s global share of the power cell market in 2020, Dragon.
Headlines are strong. The company’s continued expansion guarantees stability in size and supply capacity, and by the end of 2020, the company’s expansion plan, which we have collated, shows that the total investment that the company has issued but not built projects amounts to $96.5 billion in circulation b/h (millions of shares)
Ongoing investment in the industrial chain, multi-chain layout of the supply chain, or with cost advantages and high-efficiency technologies. From prenatal drive and positive materials, company announcements were issued in 2020 and 2021 to invest in securities.
It is important that companies stabilize their supply, reduce their costs, and ensure continuity of technology.
It is proposed to promote new storage in the energy industry in 2025 from the beginning of commercialization to a scale of 30 gw or more. Based on the current configuration requirements of several provinces, 2h corresponds to approximately 60 gwh, the new demand point for lithium ion batteries is opened, and the company and atl have joined forces to sign the Cross-Technology Grant.
By agreement, a joint venture was established to develop medium-sized batteries for domestic storage, electric two-wheeler, etc. A new business growth point is emerging.
The Ninder era (300,750): large scale-up guaranteed supply capacity, combined atl reserves growth point
In the East, the financial and intellectual sources of the East, the depths of the securities report, the Ningde era (300,750): large-scale expansion of production guarantees supply capacity, combined atl reserves growth points.
B.A., China North Electric University; Master ' s degree, Shanghai Transport University; and ba (financial direction), Manchester University. Joined East Hing Securities Bonds, Watertaires and Wah Thai Associates, Abb, May 2019.
Leading the team in the preparation of the 2016, 2017 and 2018-2019 editions of the China Battery Industry Yearbook; invited as guest speaker for the 2018 Swedish Green Traffic Congress.
B.A. in Material Science and Engineering, Beijing University of Science and Technology, Master of Economics, People’s University of China, 2019, joined the East Hing Securities, where he studied electricity, equipment, and new energy industries, mainly in the direction of the new energy car industry.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.