We're getting Tesla's orders, we're getting more cooperation, we're getting Tesla's orders in the Ningde era (300,750.sz), we're getting more cooperation, we're keeping the buy-in rating.
In the Ninder era, the company signed a supply framework agreement with Tesla on 25 June 2021. It was agreed that the company would supply power batteries to Tesla between January 2022 and December 2025.
30th. This collaboration confirms Tesla's further recognition of the quality of the company's power cell product, and we predict that the agreement contains provisions such as the supply of three-dollar batteries. We expect that the supply of Tesla's power cell will reach over 100gwhh during the term of the agreement, and that the Nings era and its industrial chain will be fully covered.
The Tesla battery supply bottleneck highlights the fact that in the four years of the Nender era, we expect more than 100 gwh orders, and we expect 95/1/190/236/27.6 million Tesla units in 2021-2025 to produce only 39 gwh, and Tesla self-built battery plants will still be able to climb the slopes.
The short-term bottleneck in battery supply is highlighted, so greater cooperation with the Ninder era is the way to go. We expect the Ninder era to supply Tesla power cells to be 100 gwh or more during the period of the agreement, with a significant boost to the company’s performance. With the German plant coming into operation, we expect the Ninder era to be directly Tess through its German plant.
. ..a continuous break-up of overseas clients, offshore operations are in full harvest, and in recent years, the Ninder era has made a breakthrough in the expansion of overseas customers, killing the public, BMW, Tes.
Company Information Update - q1 Power Battery City, Drag, Daimler, Modern Kia, etc.
Corporate Information Update - Dynamics and Reserves Adding Rapid Growth, Trends in Lithium Masters Lead the Age - Corporate Information Update Report - Accelerating High Hits
Expanding Production, Marching for Global Lithium Inn -