Cash flows highlight the leading position, combined atl two wheels and household reserves Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) A quarterly report: 2021q1 achieved $19,167 million in revenues, 112.24 per cent more than the previous year, with the ring increasing
(b) Cooperation agreement with atl: the company announced on 28 April that it had signed two joint ventures with atl to finance two joint ventures for medium-sized applications in the areas of household storage, electric two-wheel vehicles, etc.
Battery R & D production after sale and services, with 70 per cent of the shares held by companies in the joint venture and 30 per cent of the shares held by companies in the joint venture; in addition, the company and atl signed the Cross-Technology Licensing Agreement, which pays $150 million a month to the company and is valid for 10 years.
• Cash flows highlight the leading position, Māori rates are disproportionately affected by the rise in raw materials prices, and the cost rate falls during the period
• Technology licensing fees highlight the technological power of the two-wheeler and domestic storage markets for the combined consumption of lithium dragons, atl being the global consumer battery tap, which originated in the atl power cell sector and was made in 2011
The two main poles of technology cogent, with a strong alliance strategy towards two-wheeler and home storage of lithium-based emerging markets, and a $150 million fee for technical services, highlight the company ' s technical power in the area of lithium-based electricity. In 2020, ggii counted the volume of lithium-based shipments from two wheeled cars in the country as 9.7gwhh, a year-on-year increase.
Seventy-eight% longer and 16.2% penetration of new civilian vehicles will accelerate the replacement of the traditional lead-acid battery sector, with the advantage of lithium for electricity, and we expect the total market space for two-wheeled cars in the country to be over 100gwh, of which nearly three will become new and seven will become replacement. In the context of the energy revolution, the global electrical and chemical storage capacity will be accelerated.
In the fast-changing long-term, the global market for sne statistics in 2020 was about 20gwhh, an increase of 82% in the same year; in 2020, ggii recorded an increase of 70.53% in the volume of domestic energy batteries delivered; and household reserves were also rapidly growing as an important model for the stock market.
Growing markets will take a dominant position in competition, thereby consolidating the position of the company ' s lithium power king.
Cost Maker of Lithium Power, 2021-3-3 2.
Figure 2 Quarterly receipts, Figure 3 Quarterly Quarterly Quarterly Quarterly Quarterly Quantities
Figure 6 Quarterly non-mortality net gains
Figure 10 Quarterly Cost Rates, Figure 12 Quarterly Roe Status, Figure 11 Company Roe
Figure 18 Status of our power cell loaders (gwh) Figure 17 Production of our power cell (gwh) Figure 19 Changes in the pattern of domestic power cell competition
Chinese, Chinese, Thai, and electronics.
Teng Fei: four years of research experience in industrial design and voucher industry, Master of Commerce in Kedge, France, combined background in electrical engineering and finance, covering lithium Soong Wai Jian: five years of research experience in the automobile industry, Master ' s degree from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, fields of study covering passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, auto parts and components, covering new energy
Source and traditional vehicles: Three years of buyer industry research experience, Master of Finance, University of Melbourne, covering wind and light voltage plates.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only.