Bulls Group (603195.sh) Leaders in the civilian electric industry, new and old businesses and channels in tandem company profiles: Leaders in the civilian electric industry, a popular brand known to my country.
In 1995, the grid was gradually expanded, creating three main lines of business: electrical connection, smart electrician lighting, and digital accessories. The channel has created a strong marketing system that has been developed in close cooperation with the wire, and has established more than 750,000 hardware outlets throughout the country (e.g. hardware stores, daytimes).
The shopping malls, office stores, supermarkets, etc., more than 120,000 outlets for professional decorations and lighting, and more than 250,000 outlets for digital accessories have opened up dozens of online authorized dealers. The brand name of the bull is well known, making it the choice of 70% of households, and the expert on security electricity is deeply popular.
167.30-$80.60 Industry analysis: Companies in the traditional civilian electric industry have a strong market position and a high outlook for emerging industries.
In the civil power industry, the supply is stable upstream, based on size advantages and futures hedging methods, some degree of uncertainty about price volatility of raw materials is reduced, and the network of traditional retail outlets downstream is fragmented and well-established.
The market size of the billion-grade market is slowing down, concentration is high, with bulls accounting for 51 per cent and 34 per cent, respectively; the led lighting industry: increased penetration and product upgrading continue to drive hundreds of billions of-grade markets, applications are expected to widen and competition patterns are spread down to low numbers of bulls.
The new energy car-loading industry: the benefits of new energy vehicles and policies, and the market outlook. Competitiveness growth analysis: the product is the main channel. Product strength: the company's traditional power connection, the wall.
Intended products take the lead; products have the advantage of being innovative in research and development, and new products can be introduced in line with consumption trends during the industrial development dividend period; production capacity is high, production is high; hedging is locked in raw material prices, profitability is stable; and quality is fundamental.
(b) On-line, the Bulls Group (603195.sh) - revenue grew by 14 per cent in the third quarter, new operations and channels grew faster, and the central goods market prevailed.
Bulls Group (603195.sh) - New lines of business are expanding well, traditional practices are visible, high national and visible, and online marketing platforms are accompanied by humans and slogans. Growing up: smart homes, Bulls Group (603195.sh) - Smart electricians increased their lighting revenues by 36.9% through channels.
The market for charging new energy vehicles is vast, with priority for companies. Professionalization, integration of decorative channels.
The Bulls Group - 603195-2020 & Quarterly Review: Good Product Structures Investment Recommendations: Watch New and Old Business and New and Old Channels Working Together. We look forward to companies moving into more civilian electricians, smart households, and long-term sound operation and growth.
Company profile: Civil Electric Industry Leader, I'm a national famous public brand Business analysis: traditional business innovation upgrades, new product categories drive income growth
The Bulls Group, which was founded in 1995, has always been guided by consumer demand, based on product quality, starting with the “plug-in” segment, which has been promoting innovations in functionality, technology and design, and has developed a large number of new products that are popular with consumers. Innovation as a soul, based on product research and development, marketing, supply chains, and brands.
Over the years, the company has expanded over a combination of a number of years, creating three major business plates: electrical connectivity, smart electric lighting, digital accessories, and a long-term sustainable industrial layout around civilian electricians and lighting. Companies have developed innovative advantages and products for consumer demand-oriented product R & D.
At the end of June, the company was granted a valid patent for 1990 items. Companies have always adhered to the quality concept of quality to produce effective, systematic quality management and control systems. In keeping with the changing trends of the times, companies have relied on a network of sub-sub-sub-entity marketing networks and professional online electricity suppliers covering more than 1.1 million points throughout the country.
In the field of electric engineering, a strong online and coordinated marketing system has been established, with more than 750,000 hardware outlets (including hardware stores, day stores, office stores, supermarkets, etc.), more than 120,000 professional decorations and lighting outlets, and more than 250,000 digital accessories, which have opened dozens of online outlets throughout the country.
The company has developed a stereo version of its branding model, which is centred on selling point advertisements, so that the "box" brands are known to all. Moreover, the company is constantly upgrading its sophistication, automation, and intelligent manufacturing levels, creating a supply chain system with advanced manufacturing technology and automated production capacity that enables the company to achieve quality, efficiency, and productivity.
At the same time, by importing advanced management, both domestic and foreign, and combining its essence with its own practices, companies constantly take stock of the continuous growth of their business management systems (bbs), which are uniquely based on value creation as a core, innovative growth, and reduce efficiency gains as basic, enabling R & D, manufacturing and marketing.
The output was dominated by electrical connection and smart electrician lighting, with robust growth in performance, with companies predominantly accounting for electrical connection products and smart electrician lighting products, which in 2021 accounted for 52 per cent and 45 per cent of total income, respectively, and digital accessories for 3 per cent.
As a further upgrade, the smart electrician lighting product includes three lines of business, namely, wall switches, led lighting, and other intellectual and intellectual products, which are dominated by wall switches, and the high-speed led lighting of other smart products, which have been hatched since 2021, officially launched in March 2022.
Half-yearly, 54 million dollars have been earned; other smart products, mainly smart ecological products such as bathhouses, smart door locks, smart clothes dryers, smart curtains, etc., are small and fast-growing.
Figure 4: The growth rate of the Bulls Group's product collection, which is supported by distribution, direct sales, and b. Focus, which is supported by distribution, direct sales, and innovative deployment of the Underline, which is in the field of civilian electric engineering.
(b) At the same time, accelerate the development and marketing of b-channels, engineering projects and actively explore overseas markets, plus c-end retail channels, with more than 1.1 million offline channels nationwide, including more than 750,000.
The hardware channels (including hardware stores, grocery stores, office stores, supermarkets, etc.), over 120,000 professional decorations and lighting outlets, and over 250,000 digital accessories outlets opened up dozens of licensed distributors on the line. The 2021 c-end decoration channels further promoted specialization and integration, and more than 18,000 Internet outlets imported bulls.
During the first half of the year, end-of-end decorative channels began the market import of new business headlamps, completing the initial layout of more than 8,000 network sites, while further submerging of the full range of specialized areas; end-of-end hardware channels continued to be excellent: end-of-service digital outlets continued to be enriched.
b Channels built three separate and refined development systems centred around the loading of businesses, engineering projects and real estate. Endb sales grew by 175.20% in 2021 compared to the previous year. Bulls strengthened head-loading companies in 2022, with the same sales revenue as endb sales in the first half of the year.
In the first half of the year, there was a 15 per cent increase in the same year, and the new energy product distribution channel was dominated by a power provider platform, which began in March 2022, with a major effort to expand the market for new energy chargers under the line: in the case of end-of-pipe channels, emphasis was placed on new energy truck vendors, cars.
Thousands of specialized outlets, such as beauty-dressing shops; on the b-end channel, emphasis is placed on piloting the development of clients such as institutions, enterprises, property, charging stations, etc., and on summing up methodologies to achieve a sustained increase in sales per month, providing a good basis for the wide-scale expansion of the company's new energy operations throughout the country and early realization of the company's strategic objectives
Figure 6: New energy channel layout for the Bulls Group
The Bulls Group was created in 1995 to focus on the development, production and marketing of civilian electric appliances with converters, wall switches and plugs at their core.
In 2001, it was created. In 2004, the factory entered the Inlandguard Industrial Park. In 2007, the bulls entered the area of wall switches. In 2009, the bulls innovated to implement the “visit sales” sales model. In 2010, the bulls flagship shop was established to join the military electric power company.
In 2017, external investors were introduced to optimize corporate governance. Since its creation, the bulls have been guided by consumer demand, based on product quality and from “plugs.”
The sub-area (i.e. converter) has begun to promote innovations in functionality, technology and design, to develop a large number of new products that are popular with consumers, to expand over the years, to create “safe plugs”, “design switches”, “Eye-Led lamps”, “Digital Fines”, and to achieve sustainable development.
The business mix, the “cows”, has become a well-known public brand. 1, phase I (1995-2007) rises. The bull converter has developed, creating demand for electricity in response to the rapid development of the electricity sector in China.
From the very beginning, the claim is to create high-quality plugs, constantly improving consumer experience and quality awareness of converters. In 2001, the bulls upgraded the positioning of their products into “safe” plugs, always grasping changes in consumer demand for safety, quality, and functionality, building on the company's tradition of converters.
2 - Phase 2 (2007 - 2020). Bull wall switches and smart eco-businesses are being nurtured in the context of real estate development. With a focus on converters, the Bull trademark was recognized as a brand name in 2006, and revenues from the sale of converter products have increased steadily, with sales in 2018.
48.47 billion yuan, representing a combined growth rate of 20.98 per cent in sales earnings in 2016-2018. In 2007, bulls entered the area of wall switches and plugs, operating with a keen understanding of consumer demand for switch decoratives, and identified product orientations for the Decorative Switches and developed a wide range of market-popular “ Decoratives”
Innovative products, such as aluminum magnesium alloys, high crystal glass, double-colour infusion, hallucinogenic textures, crystal series, and so on, have been successful in breaking through industrial barriers, significantly reducing the cost of producing products, and making the Decorative Switches successful in reaching the general public.
Growing up as a company’s strategic star business. Sales revenue in 2018 was $2.797 billion, and sales in 2016-2018 showed a compound growth rate of 31.98 per cent. In 2014, bull dependency and brand advantage began to enter the field of led lighting to capture the growing consumer demand for visual health, especially the protection of children’s vision, in order to “love”
In recent years, companies have been expanding their product categories, from bubbles and lamps to more lighting products, such as light belts, lamps, straw lamps, etc., and sales revenue has also increased rapidly, with real performance in 2018.
In response to developments in the consumer electronics industry, the bulls began to cultivate new seed business for digital accessories, working to provide consumers with better mobile electricity experience and better branding. In less than two years, the company quickly launched a series of products such as data lines, supercharged appliances, metal chargers, mobile power sources, etc., for sale in 2018.
The bulls have found their own machines at home and abroad, and have entered new development centres. In 2021, the bulls had insight into user needs, continued to introduce innovative products such as bioecology, new energy, electricity, etc., and generated $6,613 million in electricity connections throughout the year.
During the year, bulls further deepened their channels of change, sharpened their traditional marketing niches, accelerated the opening of new lines of business, refined, digitized, and systematized marketing. At the same time, they also actively promoted the Bull Operations Management System (bbs) to land, continuously promote change in performance management, and continue to promote digitalization.
Equity structure: High concentration of equity, improved organizational structure, high concentration of management industry experience, and long-term stability of equity structure. The company’s physical control of Nguyen Liping and Nguyen Xiping is also the founder of the Bulls Group brand, and as of the end of the third quarter of 2022, each of them held shares in the company.
16.11%, or 43.06% of the shares, actually held 86.12% of the shares of the Bulls Group. High concentration and long-term stability guarantee efficient decision-making and enforcement. In addition, a number of institutions have joined the top ten shareholders in the company, reflecting the fact that the Bulls Group, as a leading business with good growth, is being marketed.
The company is well organized, with a clear division of labour between the various sectors, and supports long-term business development. The R & D and Technology Management Centre is responsible for supporting the Ministry’s product projects, and for fostering technology.
Talents, supply chain centres, responsible for ensuring efficient delivery processes and professional capacity development in the supply chain. Joint marketing centres are responsible for developing and implementing marketing and marketing strategies, channeling and distributor management, while branding and product planning centres are responsible for branding and product planning. Strategic business centres are primarily responsible for organizing group strategic planning and deployment.
The branding centre is primarily responsible for the design, promotion, and integration of marketing dissemination of the branding of bulls. Business plans are carried out by the line ministries in line with group strategies to ensure that business strategies and business objectives are met.
The company was founded by the Vice-President, Brother Nguyen Xueping, and its board of directors and core management had extensive industry experience in the household electric industry, with better judgement and control of strategic trends in the industry, the direction of business development, employment mechanisms, incentives, etc. In corporate governance, companies continued to learn.
Building on advanced business management methods, building on the business management system (bbs) of bulls, continuously developing black and green belts, bringing about a significant improvement in the profitability of business management by improving the quality, delivery, and cost of qdc indicators. At the same time, companies continue to improve their management of corporate operations.
Continuing targeted leadership upgrading activities around the Bull leadership model for managers at all levels, and in order to attract and retain excellence, companies continue to award restricted equity incentives to core management, technical cadres, and special talent-holding schemes.
A closer integration of human interests has further consolidated the sustained growth in corporate performance and the continuous rise in employee incomes Industry analysis: the traditional civil power industry, the Bulls Group, has a strong market position, and the emerging industries are promising
Up and down the industry chain: supply is stable upstream, traditional downstream channels are stable, bull conglomerate converters, wall switch plugs, led lighting and the main raw materials of digital accessories are made up of copper, plastic, electronic components, etc.
The products of wall switches and plugs are sold mainly in the specialized market for building materials and in the electricity channel, while the light is sold mainly in the hardware channel, the community retail market, the supermarket, the specialized market for building materials and the electricity channel, while the digital parts are sold in the digital apparel market and the electricity channel.
Upstream supply is stable and timely, and bull bargaining power can reduce the impact of price fluctuations on bulk raw materials. Upstream bull groups are mainly copper-based non-ferrous metals, pc and ppp-based plastics, and electronics.
The price of raw materials is an important factor affecting the operation of the industry, and the ability of bull groups of large size to negotiate with upstream suppliers and to lock in trading prices, including through hedging of futures, can reduce the risk of uncertainty in the operation of raw materials The volatility of prices in the spot market.
Downstream retail outlets are fragmented, business patterns are stable, and new channels are growing. Bull groups produce consumer goods for civilian use, mainly through marketable channels such as hardware channels, community retail markets, supermarkets, building lights, digital distribution markets, electricity suppliers, etc. The steady growth in consumer demand is the survival and development of bulls.
Because of the fragmentation of the bull channels, the distributors or distribution points are usually smaller, and neither the distributors nor the shopkeepers influence the business patterns of the bulls. Moreover, the development of corporate intelligence, home-based eco-products and new energy charging products, b-loading, engineering, home-loading channels, and new energy sources.
Cost analysis: Direct material costs are about 80%, dominated by copper and pc/pp plastics. In terms of the composition of the Bull Group as a whole, direct material costs are about 81%, direct labour costs 7% and manufacturing costs 12%, respectively.
Higher and rising from year to year, mainly as a result of the company’s strategic upgrading of the self-manufacturing rate for parts and components, increased capacity-building for automated production, and increased input from new bases. The ratio of raw materials for converters and led lighting was 81 per cent and 85 per cent, respectively, and the increase in the cost of manufacturing converters was mainly due to the upgrading of spare parts and the acquisition of spare parts.
More plastics equipment, hardware equipment and related depreciation and electricity charges have increased, and the upgrading of new national tenders has increased protection of door production processes and associated labour, equipment inputs and model inputs: the increase in light manufacturing costs has been mainly due to higher inputs of molds, work-load kits, and companies are increasing their automated production capacity.
These include the automation of assembly and labelling processes, glue and so on, resulting in an increase in manufacturing costs. 92% of the cost of raw materials for digital components, or 92% of the production of digital components in the higher major sectors, is dominated by oems. The composition of raw materials is dominated by copper and pc/pp plastics.
In the case of wired products, the use of copper in power lines is higher, so that the cost of materials in converter products averages about 50% of copper, while the other major material conversion pp account for about 10-15%. Unlike converters, the main raw materials on walls are modified pc (about 40-50% of the cost of materials) and hardware (mainly copper, including iron).
Other materials, which account for about 20-30% of the cost of materials), and metals, such as copper, which account for a relatively low share of the cost of materials, are subject to a relatively small price per unit, such as copper. Thus, when copper prices rise by 10%, they affect the cost of converters by about 4%, and the cost of opening walls by about 1.5-2%. Copper prices have increased considerably since 2020, and are historically high in 2021.
Bit, prices fell back in 2022, and companies benefited from a degree of smoothing the pressure that the rise in copper prices placed on the cost of company raw materials through hedging. Disaggregated the size of the sector and the pattern of competition: the growth of the traditional civilian electric industry slowed down the market.
1. Converter industry: 10 billion-grade market growth slows down and concentrations are high, and the growing abundance and diffusion of home-based electricity products are the main drivers
The main use of converters (i.e., “plugs”) is power transmission, which connects power supply plugs, using sites such as residential homes, industrial enterprises, and office premises. According to data from China's Institute of Industrial Research, the country's demand for converters in 2021 was 499 million, an increase of 3.53 per cent.
Market size reached $14,571 million, an increase of 439 per cent, and industry has entered the market at maturity, which has slowed in recent years. The growing wealth of household areas, industrial enterprises, office space and household electricity products, by area of application, has driven demand growth in the converter sector.
The demand for replacements continues to rise as a result of the increased level of domestic household spending, the growing variety and quantity of appliances in households, and the new demand for diversification in the quality/form of plug-in products, among others. But converters are relatively durable, with longer replacement cycles, less demand for replacements and less demand for replacements.
The demand-side drivers, in view of the increase in electricity consumption and the continued growth in household appliances in the last few years, are contributing to the increase in demand for electricity from domestic sources, such as electricity and small household appliances.
The model estimates the population of 1,413 million in 2021 and the urban workforce of 468 million, assuming that there are two converters per capita and one commercial converter per capita, using the bull announcement average retail price of $30.2 as the end price, with a product life cycle of five years, and that the market size of the converter is approximately $25.480 billion.
Prices still have room for growth, both in the electrical class and in the volume, as well as in the frequency with which the converter changes, the concentration of competition patterns in the country, which is about 51% for the Bulls Group. The size of the 2021 converter market, as measured by us, is about $25.480 billion; and the Fy 2021 Bull Group, which earns $6.4 billion in revenue, root.
According to company certificates, the average price of the converter is approximately $14.8 and the average retail price of the terminal is about $30.2 and the increase is 2.04 times the price, so the size of the bull terminal retailing is about $13.4 billion, or 51% of the city ' s share. By using statistics on sales of Skycat platform converter products, the converter was sold together on Skycat platform in 2021.
For $2.1 billion, bull sales were highest, at $1.57 billion, with a market share of 75 per cent; for 2022, converters sold at a total of $1.8 billion on Skycat platforms, bull sales peaked at $1.37 billion, with a market share of 75 per cent.
The housing market, the renovation market, and the growth of the electrical market together contribute to the growth of the wall-opening industry, and the demand for future stock-refurbishment is the main upstream support. Wall-opening plugs typically refer to electrical switches, plugs, electrical switches used in walls to connect and disconnect circuits, and the control of light switches.
In the past, developments in the apparel, wall switches and plugs have benefited directly from the development of the real estate market, the renovation market, and the upgrading of electrical holdings. Over the past 20 years, the real estate market has grown rapidly, accumulated housing has been built up over the years.
With the gradual expiration of the number of years required for renovations and renovations, in recent years the country has begun to implement the renovation of old and small areas in the provinces, with water and electricity as a priority; and with the growth of the market, the renovation of office and commercial premises has become more frequent.
The continuing growth in the decorative industry has provided important support and an increasingly visible impetus. We have modeled the size of a new house with a need for renovation in 2021, assuming an average of 90 square metres/set, and 1,739 million new housing units with a need for renovation in 2021;
Refurbishment of stock houses and second-hand suites accounted for 30 per cent of the total demand for renovations, resulting in 7.45 million units. Assuming additional renovations per year, assuming 20 per cent of total demand, assuming that a walled plug would be installed every 4 square metres. Market size is approximately $14,465 million, using the bull announcement average retail price of $11.3 as the terminal price, for example.
We expect the total size of the market to be around $20 billion, taking into account public use such as schools. There is still room for growth in future volumes, prices, both in electrical appliances and in quantities, and in demand for renovations. Competition patterns are concentrated, with the bulls accounting for about 34%.
The model, estimated at $14.37 billion; the size of the company ' s Fy 2021 plug-in business, $3.82 billion, or 1.78 times the price increase, led to a retail sales size of the bull terminal of approximately $6.8 billion, or about 34 per cent of the city ' s share.
The combined sales were $2494.8 million, with the highest sales for bulls amounting to $422.3 million, with a market share of 17 per cent; The combined sales of walled plugs on Skycat platforms in 2022 amount to $2399.3 million, and the highest sales for bulls amounting to $524.1 million, with a market share rising to 22 per cent;
3.led lighting industry: the rising penetration rate and product upgrading continue to drive hundreds of billions of class markets, and applications are expected to widen the spread of competition patterns
Led lighting is a light-emitting diode lighting, which is commonly known as a light-lighting device. Using solid semiconductor chips as a light-emitting material, it emits photons in semiconductors by recombining excess energy from a host of fluids, emitting direct red, yellow, blue, green light, using the tri-coloured plains as a basis.
RT, adding fluorescent powder, can produce light of any colour. Led lights have a rich downstream application, including general lighting, screens, backlight applications, car lighting, signal signals, etc.
The adornment industry, which is closely linked to the development of real estate; unlike the construction industry, (1) the demand for incandescent light replacement has increased in recent years and the penetration of light products has increased; (2) the decoration of lighting products has become more important, with higher unit prices, product upgrading and demand for product replacement.
According to data from the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry, in 2021 the market in the country ' s led lighting sector was 94.2 billion yuan, an increase of 9.3 per cent in the same year; the market in led general lighting was 30.5 billion yuan, an increase of 9.9 per cent in the same year.
Future growth is driven mainly by the continuous increase in penetration and product upgrading, which is expected to expand in the field of applications. The promotion of products has been driven by: (1) policy-level factors, including the promotion of efficient energy-efficient light sources, appliance appliances, green and environmentally friendly HID lamps and solid lighting products at the national level, in terms of industry packages and downstream markets.
These applications have effectively contributed to the diversification, energy-saving development and supply-side upgrading and demand-side replacement of lighting systems; (2) At the technical level, in recent years, the red lighting technology has made dramatic progress globally, overcoming the shortcomings of early light efficiency, high cost of use, and a single colour.
Led lighting is characterized by low energy consumption, small size, resilience to shocks, and long-duration in mobile lighting applications. The development of led extensions, chips, encapsulation, power drive and related technologies in downstream applications contributes to the decline in led light source prices, while decorative and intelligentness are expected to contribute to the further upgrading of the product and to the further upgrading of led.
In many areas, such as civil, commercial, and industrial applications, applications are expected to expand further in the future. The current trend in the general lighting industry is for lightless lamps.
The lighting of the light (shadow) atmosphere is designed in such a way as to break the previously single lighting system, using a combination of lighting to meet individual lighting needs, make it easier to mix and move, enrich the light level, visualally magnify the space, and at the same time make the design more demanding and the electrical adaptation complex.
The pattern of competition in the lighting sector is fragmented and the bull market is low. In 2021, the size of the general light market was about RMB 100 million, the average price of the light product was about RMB 8.69 according to the company ' s subscriptions, and the average retail price of the terminal was about RMB 11.83, with a multiplier of 1.36 times, so the size of the bull terminal was about RMB 1.46 billion, the city.
The share is about 0.5%. We're counting the sales of Led lighting from Skycat Platforms in 2021, the total sales of lighting products on Skycat Platforms were $30,890 million, the sales of bulls were $58.8 million, the market was 0.2%, and the number-one share of Oprah lighting was 4.7%; and the sales of cat platform bulls in 2022 were proportional.
With a view to increasing the rate of 0.7 per cent, the first-ranked Razor lighting rate was 4.6 per cent, with a relatively concentrated pattern on the mainlight industry and a lower rate in the bull market. In 2021 and 2022, the main-light product was sold at $13.6 million per year, with a market share of 0.7 per cent, and the first-ranked Raz lighting rate was 11.7 per cent;
In 2022, the sales of cat platform bulls rose to 1.0%, and the first-ranked Razor lighting occupancy rate was 4. Smart households: rapid and long-term penetration increases space, industry patterns are not yet high, and intelligent households are increasingly rich in industrial goods.
Communications technology, safety prevention technology, automated control technology, audio-visual technology integrates home-based facilities and builds efficient residential facilities and family calendar management systems. The current market includes: smart lights, electric curtains, smart floor sweepers, smart door locks, smart cameras, smart control panels,
Smart toilets, smart hangers, and so on. As the supply-side smart-house program matures, and demand-side absorbers grow, the smart-house industry moves from one-size-fits-all to one-size-fits-all.
Presently, representative firms in the market include traditional home-based telecoms, Hale wisesters, American conglomerates, Internet companies, Peeta, Hua, etc., smart home businesses, Oreper, Firestone Network, etc. According to data released by idc, the top five companies in the first quarter of 2022 were small in terms of volume of goods delivered.
In the downstream channels, the B-side is represented by real estate companies and home-loading companies, and cooperation with the real-estate business is mainly based on well-dressed housing projects: the c-side consists mainly of the Red Star Caterone, the U.S. National Electric, and the online platforms Skycat, Kyung-dong, Suningai and others.
Smart households continue to grow in volume, b-side smarts are growing rapidly in the distribution rate and size of the groups. Based on the annual compound rate of idc, 18%; 2022q1 exits are increasing by 1.7% on a year-on-year basis, as a result of the decline in the completion of real estate sales, the reversal of the epidemic.
According to the Oviyun network monitoring data, the size of China’s home-based renovation projects for smart owners reached 2,547,000 in 2021, with an allocation rate of 89% for smart households, up 4.8 percentage points from 2020. There were 1,454 such projects in January-September 2022, a decrease of 39.0% in the same year;
In contrast to the overall market situation, the allocation rate for the smart sector has risen in reverse, with the rate of intelligent door locks, smart switches and smart home system profiles increasing by 4.9/3/8/3.7 percentage points in January-September 2022.
1) The smart door locking industry has grown rapidly, and there is still much room for improvement in penetration. According to the Chinese Institute of Economic Studies, China’s smart door lock sales have increased steadily in recent years. In 2021, China’s smart door lock production reached 18 million, a 50% increase compared to 2020, and China’s smart door locking sales in 2021.
It reached 13 million, an increase of 62.5% from 2020. China’s smart door lock penetration rate was steady and rapid between 2018 and 2021, with China’s smart door lock penetration rate reaching 12% in 2021. Korea’s smart door lock penetration rate has reached 75%, Japan’s smart door penetration rate reached 40%, and the European and American countries’ smart door lock penetration rate was 15%, compared to 15% in 2021.
In other countries, the penetration rate of China’s smart door locks remains very different. Figure 30: Changes in China’s smart door lock penetration rates, 2018-2021
In terms of channel structure, smart door locking canals account for 55 per cent of the channel, and online and engineering channels account for 32 per cent and 13 per cent, respectively. According to Oviunnet surveillance data, the size of the smart door locks in the perfect market was 86.41 million in January-September 2022.
A 42.7 per cent decrease in the same year; a 79.7 per cent increase in the same year; and a 4.9 per cent increase in the same year. Figure 33: Number of smart door lock packages and appliance rates in 2019-2022.9. Market share is concentrated.
The concentration of smart doors in sophisticated house channels was equally high and rising, according to the Oviun network, with the top five cards totalling 48.9 per cent of the market share as of September 2022, up by 4.2 per cent from the top five, of which the market was 15.2 per cent.
2) The allocation rate for the smart switch industry has continued to grow and the penetration rate has increased. According to the Ovi Cloud Net Monitor, the distribution rate has increased steadily in recent years as an emerging sector, with 2,116,000 smart switches in January-September 2022, a 33.2% decrease in the same amount; the configuration rate is 19.5%.
The allocation rate increased by 4.6 percentage points over the same period. China’s penetration of smart switches increased steadily between 2018 and 2021, reaching 2.4 per cent in 2021, compared to other smart home devices, and there is still a large gap in China’s penetration of smart switches.
Head brands are gradually forming and the market shares are concentrated. According to Oviyun surveillance data, China ' s top 10 brands were marketed with 74.2% in 2021 and 55.9% in the top five. The first one was tcl-October, with the top five brands ' market share combined at 55.4% and a 0.9% decline in the same year.
The market accounted for 19.1% of the total, and for the second year in a row it was the highest ranking, compared to last year, when the top 3 brands showed only a change in ranking, and 3) there was a steady increase in the allocation rate and potential for development in the smart home system industry. According to the Ovi Cloud Network, the size of the perfect market smart home system was 143,000 units in January-September 2022, the same size as in the previous year.
According to Oviyun surveillance data, 60.8% of China’s top 10 branded and decorated cities in 2021, the top five in 45.1% and the first in Orebo, are still in a state of competition.
In September of that year, the top five brands had a combined market share of 39.5%, a decline of 12.4% compared to the previous year, of which the head brand had a 9.8% smart market, and the pattern of competition had not yet stabilized. The Bulls Group’s smart household products were still dominated by electricians, and Mi’s smart door locks were sold more.
Home-based products are dominated by smart plugs, smart control systems, smart door locks, smart clothes dryers, and smart curtains. By using statistics on sales of smart home products on Skycat platforms, the Bulls Group and Mi in 2021 sold 1,185 million dollars and 1,687 million dollars, respectively.
The bulk of the product is cut-off, accounting for more than 98 per cent of the total, and the smart door locks for 4.4 million dollars; the millet class is more abundant, mainly smart-wearing equipment, smart cameras, door locks, safe-guard ratios, and the number of smart plugs is smaller, of which the smart door locks are sold at $237.6 million.
For 5.8 and 4.4 million dollars, respectively, the ratio of the wealth of the Bulls Group Skycat Platform smart-house products in 2021 and the share of the product of the Mi-cat platform smart-house products in 2021
5. New-energy car charge industry: New-energy vehicle development and policy support, combined with new-energy vehicle development and policy support, to boost the growth of the new-energy car charger sector. New-energy-car charge.
The rapid growth in the number of new energy vehicles and the resulting demand for power replacements and policy subsidies resulted in an annual increase of 7.84 million vehicles, or 59 per cent, as compared with the increase of 1,149,000 in September 2022.
It is expected that the market will continue to expand in the future. We build through a model: 1) based on the New Energy Automobile Industry Development Plan (2021-2035) issued by the Department of State, new vehicle sales will reach about 20% of the total new vehicle sales by 2025; according to previous agency rules for the market in 2025.
The forecast of about 35 million was calculated as 20 per cent of new energy sales and about 7 million per year of market size. Annual new energy vehicle holdings would amount to 32.84 million. 2) New energy charge-posts will be promoted in line with the policies adopted by the provinces and municipalities in 2022 and will be low by 2025
3) The ratio of new energy vehicles to charge guns is approximately 1:1, so that in 2025, the number of chargers was 32.84 million. The market share is more concentrated. In 2021, the number of chargers operated by the national chargers was more than 10,000.
Ten thousand, 10%, 9%, and 7% of the total number of chargers, respectively. The number of new energy charging products of the Bulls Group is higher on the line. The new fuel charging products of the Bulls are dominated by recharge posts and charge guns.
The total sales of new energy car chargers on Skycat platforms amounted to $795 million, and the Bulls Group products started selling in June, amounting to $277,000, with a market share of 3.5 per cent, ranked fourth; and the sales of Bulls from the Cats platforms rose to 9.4 per cent in 2022.
Competitiveness: The product is the backbone, the product is the product at the end: the product is the basis for the quality, the rate of production and the level of profitability are stable Product advantage 1: the ability to innovate in research and development is strong, and the product becomes the wind of the long-term era.
With innovation as its soul, companies have built innovative advantages in consumer demand-oriented product R & D, and products are constantly changing. The rapid growth and long-term growth of major products is based on the firm’s own product’s strength and the firm’s accurate grasp of the trends of the times, thereby reaping the dividends of industrial development.
Figure 48: Bull Group product development time line (i) 1995-2007: Rapid growth of converter products driven by rapid developments in the domestic electricity sector 1995: Bull captures consumers ' fundamental demand for the quality and safety of converter products, positioning from the outset
In 2001, bulls upgraded their products to make “safe” outlets, kept abreast of changing consumer demand for safety, quality, performance, and created a market position for companies in the traditional industry of converters.
(ii) 2007-2020: The rapid development of the real estate sector led to a rapid growth of wall switches and lighting products. In 2007, bulls entered the area of wall switches and plugs, operating with a keen understanding of consumer demand for the decorative nature of the switches, defining the product orientation of the Decorative Switches, and developing a wide range of exposures.
Market-populated “decorated” innovations and successful breakthroughs in industrializing barriers have significantly reduced the cost of production and enabled the “decorated switch” to be successfully passed to the general household. Through more than a decade of development, corporate walls have been plugged in, and businesses have crossed from nothing to nothing, from small to strong, and have grown into company strategic stars.
In 2014, bulls built on channels and brand advantages and began to enter the area of light in the led, taking advantage of the growing consumer demand for good-sightedness, especially for children, and positioning them as products, with the introduction of a large number of led lighting products with anti-frequency flash, anti-blue, etc., which were welcomed and endorsed by consumers.
In 2016, in keeping with the trend of the consumer electronics industry, bulls began to cultivate new seeds for digital accessories.
In less than two years, the company quickly introduced a range of products, such as data lines, anti-filling appliances, metal chargers, mobile power sources. (iii) After 2020: smart households and new energy sources became new trends, companies began to lay out and start making rules.
First, the company’s traditional business remains new. In 2020, the company successfully entered the first smart wall switch on the market – the bull smart single switch, supporting a variety of controls like voice, app remote, local, one-key intelligence, control of the entire house light, smart wall plugs that allow long-range time control of electrical power cuts, with electricity statistics.
In 2021, you introduced lift and drop plugs, a smart business lighting team, and a number of non-dominant lamps, such as flashlights, magnetic straw lamps, linear lamps. In 2020, smart door locks were successfully marketed, 2021.
A series of new products, wifi, bluetooth smart doors have been fully connected to the Bull Wise App, increasing user use experience from the hardware and software level, building capacity for integrated research and marketing and simultaneously deepening the steep supply chain capacity, completing the construction of a multi-thousand-square-square smart door lock professional laboratory as a home setting.
An important portal to smart control, which lays the foundation for the eco-systematization of corporate smarts. At the same time, products such as smart dryers, smart curtains, etc. are successfully marketed and several product lines are launched, and products are developed and quickly completed through platforming, with continuous optimization of the bull mind control system around the user's demand for light and light quality, with a user perspective.
Step up the convenience, security and stability of the Bull Wise app, speed up the development of smart modules and bull clouds, expand the openness of the middle of the business, enhance the depth of cooperation with Ali, Peto, Kyundong, Mi, etc., support the voice control of multiple mainstream smartphones, and rapidly upgrade the production of bull intelligence products
To further enhance the competitiveness of corporate smart light control technologies, the company invested in Bunchy Smart Technology (Shanghai) in 2021. Bulls will build a home-wide intelligent ecology with a lightless lamp at their core, based on Bunche's smart light control.
In terms of new energy products, the layout is "filled" and "stored." In 2021, multiple new energy vehicles were introduced, with portable chargers, household exchange chargers, and with hard technology, car quality, innovative appearances and experience design, were widely well received in the market. In the first half of 2022, multiple new products were introduced, with high power on the market.
Recharged guns, a00-grade cars for mini exchange posts, and direct-charged electric poles that support 20kw~240kw with flexible and flexible parts of power. At the same time, based on the characteristics of the population and the use of the scenes, optimized sales of portable charge guns and home exchange charge posts to better meet consumer requirements.
In the field of storage energy, multiple applications such as 300w, 600w, 1000w, 1800w, multi-power high-end mobile power outlets covering self-employment, family emergency, outdoor operations, and disaster recovery, have been introduced.
Product advantage 2: Production capacity is high and sales are high. For some time, pre-city capacity was tight, with capacity utilization and sales rates exceeding 100 per cent; following up on the expansion of production lines, capacity rose rapidly, with a 30 per cent and a 30 per cent increase respectively in the production of fy 2021 electrical connection and smart electric lighting products.
43%. At the same time, sales have been growing at a rapid rate, with company sales having remained above 90% over the years.
Product Strength 3: Profitability is stable by locking raw material prices through hedging. Since the cost of direct materials for companies is more than 80%, price volatility for raw materials has a greater impact on the company’s Māori ratio.
Controlling raw material prices has formed a mature hedging mechanism and a professional team to reduce the uncertainty risks associated with fluctuations in raw material spot market prices for companies and thus their ability to make a steady profit. Copper is one of the company’s important raw materials, and copper prices have fluctuated significantly since 2020, compared to the company’s Māori ratio.
Product Strength 4: Accomplishing a quality concept based on a quality of excellence, resulting in effective, system-based quality management and control, reliable safety of quality, and solving multiple problems of electrical safety. The company is based on the quality of the product, which has been in place since its inception.
Positioning itself in the manufacture of high-quality products, with a view to achieving quality concepts, is deeply embedded within the company. Through reliable product quality, the company has built a good brand image and a reputation on the market. In connection with electrical connection products, a series of problems have been solved, such as a chain of converters that are resistant to power surges, overloads, tremors, flame retardation, etc.; walls have been opened on the side of the product.
The surface captures technical difficulties such as overfilling, short-circuit protection; the new energy charger has undergone 78 rigorous safety tests with high protection, safety, security and intelligence speed in complex extreme environments, not only in charge, but also in excess flow protection, excessive heat protection, water protection, mine protection, etc.
In order to ensure the efficient operation of the quality management system, the company is staffed with more than 900 personnel dedicated to quality management, laboratory testing, testing analysis, and ducts.
Over 7,000 laboratory and line automation testing equipment, 10 industry-wide high standards of research and development, quality testing laboratories, certified by the cnas national laboratory, certified by the ulwtdp laboratory in the United States, and related product certifications such as ccc, vde, ul, nf, ce, provide solid resources for product quality control
After a long period of accumulation, the company has developed an effective and systematic quality control system, which has been certified in the management systems of Is09001, Is014001 and 0hsas 18001, and has received more than 20 quality-related awards in the form of “satisfactory quality products throughout the country” and “China Export Quality Security Demonstration Enterprise”.
Participation in the drafting of industry standards, with a larger number of patents. Over the years, companies have been involved in the drafting of national standards, industry standards and group standards, 93 of which are the Vice-Chairman of the Electrical Annex and Household Control Branch of the China Electrical Industry Association, the Deputy Director of the National Electrical Annex Standardization Technical Committee and the first industry to assume the role of the Zhejiang system.
By the end of June 2022, companies had been effectively patented for 1990 items. At the same time, companies had set up national industrial design centres, postdoctoral workstations, accredited by the Ministry of National Industry and Informatization.
Channels: Channels are top-down networks that build a system of diversified channels The company has built a system of full coverage, layered, diversified channels, including sub-c, on-c, on-b, which is a unique channel advantage that supports the company ' s continued development and its continued competitiveness within the industry. At the same time, the company has developed a system of full coverage, multi-layered, diversified channels.
Over the years, the fine management of channels has been maintained, and mature systems have been developed in the development, management, operation, etc., with the advantage of rapidly opening new channels. Retail channels are strong, and distribution is supported by direct marketing.
In recent years, the b-end channel has become a new focus. The structure of the channel is linked to the type of company ' s products, which are relatively low-priced civilian consumer goods, small, large and widely distributed terminals, and the adoption of distribution models can simplify corporate governance and reduce the complexity of the company ' s management of the terminal channels and networks; and
At the same time, it is possible to take full advantage of the wider reach of distributors, more effectively develop and consolidate networks, achieve market refinements, and thereby enhance the company’s ability to service the terminal points and better meet consumer purchasing needs. According to the company’s offer statement, the distribution and direct sales income ratio was 96.4 per cent as of 2019h1.
(c) A large number of off-line outlets form a less replicable under-line marketing network: the company distribution system consists of converters, wall switches, three main off-line distribution systems for digital fittings, and one on-line distribution system, with sub-regional exclusive distribution within the three off-line systems. Under- and off-line distributors buy and sell products from companies, line lines.
The lower distributors sell their products to the end channel, the end channel sells their products to the consumer, and the online distributors sell their products directly to the consumer via online channels such as electricity dealers.The company has established more than 750,000 hardware outlets (including hardware stores, handy shops, office supplies) throughout the country.
Shops, supermarkets, etc.), more than 120,000 outlets for professional decorations and lighting, and more than 250,000 outlets for digital accessories, which have expanded distribution points to a variety of locations in urban and rural areas, such as shops, shops, professional markets, etc., have created a network of underline marketing, which is more difficult to replicate, to facilitate the rapid import of new items.
The number of bull group distributors and nodes is leading the industry, both because and as a result, the small and scattered nature of the company’s product determines the nature of the channel, and the creation of the channel determines the current strong position of the company’s products.
1) Sales patterns for distribution visits reach more consumers: when the bulls were formed, small hardware stores were the largest flow entry to the plug market, but the hardware stores were not branded as exclusive, and the founder, Nguyen Lippe, took the initiative to sell the bull products, received the idea of a coca-Cola delivery truck and broke the tradition.
The owner of the hardware store itself, in the field of civilian electricians, innovatively promotes the “visiting” sales under the line, i.e. regular distribution of the terminal points for distribution, delivery, visiting services, and door-to-door sales using special cars and along well-planned fixed routes.
“Commercials,” marketing the agreed period, offering to distribute products to shops in the jurisdiction; “visiters,” i.e. the company sends professionals to carry out a survey of market conditions, customer needs, product improvement, etc. Through the “visit sales” model, the company - distributor - terminal shop - consumer quadruple returns: the production of bull plugs
(ii) Focus on the protection of the interests of dealers and the maintenance of stable and long-term partnerships: focus on the protection of the interests of dealers, dealers and dealers
A more mature and stable long-term partnership has evolved with various parties, including distributors. As of 2019h1, the number of cooperative dealers in the company was concentrated in a system of strict distributor management that began to work together, i.e., by 2015 3), guaranteeing uniformity of terminal retail prices: 1 bull group in the platoon category.
The regional agency system is used throughout the country, with a local municipality, where there is only one agent for each local municipality, and where there is no inter-regional or non-dealable distribution of goods to all the region's terminals.2 The Product Information and Price Distribution Table has been developed to determine directly the final retail price of the product, requiring the distributor to comply with the “sales” indicated in the price table.
In addition, the Bulls Group has set up its own marketing inspectorate and commissioned a number of third-party companies.
The Division monitors the behaviour of dealers in terms of their prices or their movements. Online channels are growing rapidly, with the core categories being the first to have access to platforms: companies have established specialized power suppliers. Direct marketing operations teams and a more powerful system of online distributors, and companies are now fully housed in Skycats and Cats.
In 2022, the company converters and wall switches were the first in terms of market ownership of two types of steroids. The company canals were the first.
Roads are still fast and long, with income growing by 31.82 per cent in 2021 and 15 per cent in 2022 in the first half of the year.
The company has a high profile, high national profile and visibility in the area of civilian electric engineering. According to a survey conducted by Jean-Pu, more than 70% of Chinese households use or have used bull products.
At the time of its creation, when our market was mixed, the bulls offered to “use a good spot” and to “guard the safety of Chinese households with electricity” as their first words. The bulls have always been committed to and practiced the great quality of their products, insisting on the best materials and technology, and using the word “security specialists” in the bull logo.
Using the three characteristics of “good quality, industry leadership, and safety technology,” bulls have passed China’s severe space screening, becoming China’s first space-related partner in the civilian electric industry. The company insists on selling points as the core of its brand distribution model, and for more than two decades has been a strong supporter of distributors.
The placement of advertising resources such as the head sign of the bull shop, displays and promotional items outside the shop at the end point, the successful dissemination of the bull brand to cities, towns and cities at all levels, the creation of a simple yet effective and unique brand dissemination model, the growing branding and reputation of the company, and the emergence of the bull.
At the same time, companies continue to enrich their brand content through diversification, intelligence, rejuvenation, and new media outreach on the Internet.
Online sales of platforms exist side by side with slogans. By counting bulls and related brands in Skycats, Kyundong, Quantities, the first of their kind, five stars, and thousands of fans at the official flag shop and the self-employed flagship shop on the Kyoto platform, leading by 4.89.
Growing up: Traditional product-based channels are upgraded, new product-based channels are introduced Growth-based 1: Traditional product-based rotations are upgraded to stimulate replacement demand + price increases Public access to strong R & D innovation capabilities and consumer insight to scale up products rapidly and increase their roll-out
Beautiful, convenient, humane, personalized products. For example, electrical connection products are introduced in smaller sizes, plugs, more magic plugs, free movement, flexible orbital plugs, wall-opening products with 6.4 mm fibre-optic switches, and lighting with smart lights.
Growth 2: Focus on smart homes and new energy charges, such as headlights. Future corporate priorities include smart home products, such as headlights, and new energy recharge products.
The advantages in terms of products, channels, brands and brands create synergies and empowerment for new products. On the one hand, they are reflected in the distribution of goods, with the bulls group building on product quality and slogans, and in the sound distribution of channels as solid barriers and offensive directions, and in the rapid import and growth of new operations; and, on the other hand, in the reuse of the management capacity of the channels.
The Bulls Group has a wealth of methodology and experience for the orderly organization and management of the “ants market” and can quickly achieve greater synergy in corporate empowerment: 1) The charger gun operation has high demand for safe electricity, as reflected in: 1 power-connected product technology
The advantages of the supply chain can be reused; the brand image of the “safe power expert” is strongly synergized; and the 3-filling canal requires new construction systems, targeting customers at the end and the end of the block, with the same business model and channel model as in the past, and management experience can be reused to help open up new energy channels quickly.
2) Building on past lighting operations, synergies can be found in: 1 channel and decorating channels, synergies between supply chain and led lighting operations. 2 brands have less synergy, there is a gap between consumers' brand concepts of headlamps and “safe power”, and companies now use dual branding and differential positioning.
A business strategy, launched in late 2022, is "blow" headlight brands: bulls are high-valued, new brands are made professional headlight brands, and in the future the headlights will be enhanced by enriching medium- and high-end low-end product lines. Figure 60: Bulls launch "blow" headlights brands
New products are growing at a fast pace: 1) new energy operations are equally start-up, with 90 million net revenues from new energy chargers in the first three quarters of 2022, and 100 million revenue targets are expected to be achieved throughout the year, while outdoor storage can be used as a storage facility for major products
On a step-by-step basis; in December, the company entered into a strategic collaboration with the Jili commercial vehicle, which, on the one hand, promoted the remote super van and bull custom-made model at its distributor level in an effort to achieve an intelligent distribution and brand image of the Jili remote commercial terminal network; and, on the other hand, the Bull ' s Etogily remote commercial platform, which was charged with electricity.
Co-operation on projects such as product R & D, retail, etc. and overseas exports. 2) Unowned light business has been hatched since 2021, the product was officially launched in March 2022 and is now officially in production in Hyezhou, and the initial layout of more than 8,000 sites has been completed, and client optic design has been synchronized
Training. In March-September 2022, 80 million yuan was realized in six months; 3) including smart ecological products such as bathhouses, smart door locks, smart clothes dryers, smart curtain machines, with an increase of 60.70 per cent in the first half of 2022;
The bulls are always demanding that they be the first to compete in the industry, and the city’s share is expected to rise gradually. The new energy sector and the smart-house industry have great prospects.
The industry is still growing faster in the long term, with a more fragmented pattern of competition, and companies have much to offer in the future in these two main areas. For the current good companies in the target industry, traditional lighting channels are dominated by sub-line construction materials and hardware stores, with decentralized networks; online channels, engineering channels, home-loading channels, etc., have been growing rapidly in recent years.
Like, in the case of Oprah lighting, the ratio of income is high to low in the case of exclusive stores (the direction of the bull decoration channel), circulation channels (like the bull ' s hardware channel), ka channels, with 4,500 special stores, covering almost all construction materials and expanding the store surface by the end of 2019; circulation points are encrypted from 40,000 in 2018 to 2019.
The disadvantage is that there is a lack of professional channels similar to the Oprah Lighting Shop, a lack of professionalism, and low income from single shops. The Bull’s lighting product is still on a low scale and will be upgraded through decorative and end-of-end channels in the future.
Intelligent industry channels: with the fluorescent network as an example, the distribution channel is dominated by 41% of income; professional customer channels (end of b) are supported by telecommunications operators with 17% of income; online channels account for 14%. The development path for the Bulls Group, compared to the fluorescent network, is also the professionalization of the store and the opening of the b end of the channel.
Growth 3: Development channels focused on integrated decoration and b-end channels The company’s traditional retail channels are large, flat, efficient, closely connected to consumer demand, and well-established multi-benefit partnerships.
Outside, we believe that integrated decorative channels and b-end channels will be an important way for companies to import smart products into the market, and that synergies between old and new products and new and old channels will continue to be consolidated and deepened.
A variety of product types, expansion of sku, to raise unit prices. On the other hand, this can be seen in the provision of marketing tools such as digital marketing, private area traffic acquisition and conversion to end-user shops to enhance the competitiveness and efficiency of the management of off-line channels. (2) End-of-pipe channels have become the focus of companies, with bulls at the centre of intellectually controlled headlamps, opening up from the top down.
From head-to-head national to regional ones, there are currently some 10,000 partnerships, of which over 200 are large-scale, while there is a rapid increase in sales earnings, thanks to intensive, cooperative efforts and continuous enrichment with core and smart eco-products.
3) The expansion of new energy sources, which were initially on-line, began in March 2022 with the expansion of off-line channels. By the end of the year, there were nearly 100 distributors, more than 5,000 sites, and traditional retail outlets for medium- and long-term target companies, which are expected to reach 100,000, while opening up some small-end b-clients.
Growth Summary: Companies lead the way in traditional electricity connections, walled plugs, smart lighting and other smart eco-products, new-energy car charged products, and a large market for company core growth products. Traditional retail sales have a large and solid supply of hardware and decoration, and companies can reuse their management capacity and experience of these channels and decorate them.
The development of new products for specialization, integration and upgrading; and the development of new sources of energy for companies, such as b end-loading, new energy sources; the development of b end-loading customers, home-grown customers, small-end business customers, new energy sources, mainly c-end and small- and medium-sized operators, with considerable scope for growth.
Millions of yuan, an increase of 23.22 per cent over the same year, are returning to fast track; income from new products, such as home-based smart ecology, new energy use, etc., has grown rapidly.
Growth, equal to +15.6 per cent, returning to pre-epidemiological levels; 2) smart electrician lighting business is the second largest compound increase in the company ' s size in the last five years, at 22.2 per cent, of which wall switches plugs, led lighting devices, and other smart product industries are the third largest, with Fy 2021 at $370 million, and since its inception it has grown at a compound rate of nearly five years.
Net profits are growing robustly. Based on faster income growth, stable profitability, the impact of the rise in the net profit costs of the Bulls Group over the years, net profit growth has declined, and net profits have recovered in 2021 on the main side, based on improved product matrices, expansion of diversified channels, product innovation in line with consumer demand, resulting in sales.
The level of Māori rate has been largely stable, with the Māori rate falling in 2021 as a result of the rising cost of raw materials.
The Māori rate has remained generally stable at around 37 per cent over the years, with a high Māori rate for core-type smart electricians. The Fy2021 Bulls Māori rate is 37.0 per cent, compared to 3.1 pp, and the decline in Māori rates is mainly influenced by price increases for bulk raw materials, and companies use futures hedging, among other things, to lock in trading prices to a certain extent to reduce raw materials.
The risk of uncertainty in the company’s operations as a result of price fluctuations in the spot market. In terms of the Māori rate, the distribution of the product by category shows that, as the traditional core of the Bulls Group, the Māori ratio remains high, at about 33–40%.
Upgrade, while the Māori rate is the highest of all three operations, it has been maintained at 42% to 44% in recent years. There is still room for improvement compared to the Māori rate when the digital parts industry matures.
Maintained at a steady and low level, with less volatility. In terms of inventory swing days, accounts receivable days and accounts payable working days, affected by the epidemic, companies controlled costs and inventories and reduced operating costs, while fy2021 inventory swing days were 49.9 days, a decrease of 3.0 days compared with the same period; and fy2021 working days of accounts receivable were
Our profit projections are based on the following assumptions:
And $4,202 million, with the same speed of growth, the storage is integrated, with the high growth potential of the charger-loaded gun; and the unit price increase resulting from the upgrading of the product.3 The smart electrician lighting business, especially the lightless business, is one of the priority development products for the future, and is expected to be one of the priority future.
Growth, on the one hand, while companies continue to be active in the distribution of supply chains at the end of their capacity, on the other hand, and in response to the demand for consumer upgrading, firms are expected to achieve a rapid increase in current sales by introducing differentiated and innovative brands and products, as well as exclusive marketing channels.
The business is still relatively small, with the prospect of rapid growth in the digital component business, on the one hand, as key technologies continue to innovate and product classes continue to improve and upgrade, and, on the other, firms are actively promoting a rapid increase in sales in the field of digital fast-filling and innovation in new energy storage capabilities.
Given the steady growth of the three main lines of business, the pattern of the offline hardware and decorative channels, and the climb of the off-line channels, we expect the Māori rate to remain largely stable for all groups of products, while the overall Māori rate has risen compared to previous years as a result of the rise in the share of the high Māori classes since the beginning of 2021.
1) Cost of sales: Considering the company ' s new product, marketing input from the new brand and the expansion of power source inputs, assuming that the sales cost rate will remain at a high level of input over the next three years, (2) administrative cost rate: considering the cost savings achieved by the company through optimized management efficiency and incremental economies of scale, I
They assume that the rate of management costs will remain stable over the next three years, at 3.8 per cent/3.7 per cent for the next three years, respectively. 3) R & D rates: given that companies will continue to enrich the product matrix and that R & D inputs will increase, we assume no
4) Financial cost rate: Due to the large amount of monetary funds and transactional financial assets held by the company after its listing, and no future plan to increase interest-bearing liabilities, we assume that the financial cost for the next three years will be -0.5%/-0.4%/-0.6%
On the basis of the three scenarios of optimism, neutrality and pessimism, we have obtained the following profit projection: 1) The optimistic assumption is that the company's business characteristics are taken into account in the reasonable valuation of its stock, and we use both absolute and relative valuations to estimate the company's soundness.
The company leads the market for traditional electrical connections, walled plugs, new types of smart lighting and other intelligent products, new-energy car charged products, and has a large and growing market. Traditional retail hardware and decorative channels are large and strong, company management capacity and experience can be reused, decorative channels professionalized and integrated.
We expect that the company’s future earnings and net profits will continue to grow somewhat, and the assumptions for the next five years’ valuation are set out in the following table:
This absolute valuation is more sensitive than the rate of wacc and constant growth, and the following is a sensitivity analysis. The Bulls Group is a leading electrician business, which is scarce among listed companies; as the business of the company belongs to the home-based industry, we choose comparable home-based, lighting-based companies, including custom-based households.
Industry: Europa, Sofia, Chibang; and Soft Furniture: Happiness, Home based, Min Hua Holdings; Good Wife of Smart House; Lighting Oprah, Fuoshan Lighting.
The leading European household valuation hub is 28x; the Bulls Group, based on its scarcity and relatively high and steady performance rate, has experienced higher valuations since listing than the rest of the household, has fallen to historically low levels through stock price retries, and has reduced premiums compared to the overall household goods valuation.
We appreciate the strong competitive power of the Bulls Group in traditional business and the space for new business growth, as well as the fact that the lack of a recovery in consumption and a return to real estate has led to the restoration of the entire housing estate valuation center, mainly by reference to historical valuations.
Keep an eye on old and new businesses and new and old channels. We look forward to the company's long-term sound operation and growth through its own advantages in terms of products such as research and development, innovation, manufacturing, retail outlets, national brand advantages in terms of safe electricity, more civilian electricians, smart households, etc.
On the basis of certain assumptions, it may be possible to estimate the parameters in question by using the absolute valuation relative to the valuation method to arrive at a reasonable valuation range for the company.
Pessimistic and leading to the valuation, based on a more hypothetical premise, the assumption is somewhat subjective and therefore the valuation conclusion carries a certain high risk: and income.
(c) High annual free cash flow calculations, resulting in a risk of valuation bias;
2. The impact of weighted capital costs (wacc) on the company ' s valuation is very high, and we assume in calculating wacc that the risk rate is 3.0 per cent and the risk premium 6.0 per cent, and that there may still be a risk of underestimation or undervaluation of the parameters, resulting in lower wacc calculations, leading to overvaluation of the company ' s valuation;
This was followed by a significant negative change, with companies growing consistently in real terms low or negative growth, which led to a comparison of companies with or close to the company ' s business with the company ' s valuation and relative valuation, taking into account the company ' s double-pe, which may not take sufficient account of the risk of overvaluation of the market as a whole.
Our performance projections for companies are based on assumptions about volume prices, product-class expansion, access expansion, and financial ratios. The assumptions involved in these assumptions are subjective, and may or may not lead to a deviation in actual outcomes, leading to higher-than-actual projections of corporate profitability.
Companies may not be able to adapt to new environments and challenges in terms of entry, nurturing, and expansion of new markets, resulting in expansion being blocked and unable to support quantitative growth. The existence of products developed and introduced by firms that are not adapted to market demand leads to lower sales and prices, brand effects
Companies’ costs are predominantly multiple raw materials, one or more of which will be under pressure to grow. If the price of raw materials rises too fast or too much, and the end of the sale is not able to hedge effectively, it may result in lower-than-expected corporate profitability and significant fluctuations.
Companies may not be able to improve management efficiency and optimize costs and costs as effectively as we would expect, resulting in higher cost rates than we would expect, which may lead to deviations in profit predictions and actual outcomes. Companies may lose non-recurring revenues, such as government subsidies, which negatively affect profitability.
The company’s receivables may be lost and there is a risk of bad debts due to the inability of large downstream customers or distributors to pay. The competition is further exacerbated by the intense competition in the lighting and intelligent home markets and the gradual integration of the pan-house industry, as well as competition in some Internet platforms for domestic loading.
A company’s valuation can be highly volatile if systemic risks lead to a fall or changes in investor sentiment, trading strategy, etc. The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author