For the first time, we're covering the development of the bulls and analysing the company's core from the point of view.
Competitiveness, in finding that firms develop through horizontal expansion and vertical sinking, and through fine management, they create a strong bonding of channels, which deepens the protection of the city's rivers. Under a solid channel base, firms continue to fight through product innovation and product expansion.
The civilian electrician ant market has grown to be a big leader. The bulls group has been in the civil electric sector, and this year has reached the top of the city in converters and wall plugs. The boundaries of operations have continued to expand.
Recharges/guns extending to new energy sources in the electrical connection business, with no master lights perfecting smart-house ecology. Tracks, i.e., focus on the field of specialization, first, and then set up other potential categories, opting for 12 months maximum/minimum duration of the track
Over the course of corporate development, core competitiveness stems from its deep-seated barriers to access. Companies start off with converters, lay down into the sunk market through the hardware channel, achieve multi-point contact, and then move on to business.
By the end of 2021, the company had set up more than 750,000 hardware outlets throughout the country.
Supplies stores, supermarkets, etc.), more than 120,000 professional decoration and lighting outlets, and more than 250,000 digital accessories outlets. Companies have a strong terminal management capacity, 1) reasonable profit attraction and deep-sealing dealers, 2) sound distribution management system, and excellent.
Evictions and stringent credit policies; 3) Incentives to strengthen interest binding. Under strong channels, companies operate on a much higher level than their counterparts.
In turbines, core drivers are derived from product innovation, product extension and channel extension. 1) Product innovation: new products that provide differentiated landscapes, product rotation upgrades that help raise prices and brand upgrades and drive Māori upwards; 2) product-based expansion: new ones based on electricity connectivity and smart households.
Products, opening up growth ceilings for companies; 3) channel deep cultivation and expansion: inter-kind channels are shared to increase the volume of lifts at single points, multi-grade imports are conducive to higher operating margins for distributors and points, with a scale effect for companies; and b-end expansion helps smart people live in the front-loading phase.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: companies continue to deepen their farming channels and support operations continue to stretch their boundaries. (1) Electricity connection operations, the diversification of the landscape of converter products and the upgrading of differentiated products, provide them with structural growth opportunities; charge-posts/guns begin to grow gradually and are now sold online
Mainly, it is expected to increase below-line coverage as the network works with the national network. (2) Smart electricians, with real estate connections, with some volatility in the influence of the real estate industry, the “survival building” policy valuation is expected to lead to improved completion of construction; companies are proactive in seeking growth opportunities, and production is expected to improve.
The quality of the home-based smart ecology is dominated by a lightless, standardized and scalded model that captures the main light market; the channel has accelerated the b end layout, and in 2021 the company built three separate elaborate development systems around the core of the business, the engineering project business and the real estate consummation business, and is expected to borrow them.
The advantages of a company’s multi-goods/product mix are supported by a long-term and stable partnership with the manufacturer. What are we looking at in the ant market? (i) Civilian electricians: the size of the market, the variety of products and the number of participants.
The industrial chain of civilian electric goods consists mainly of upstream raw material suppliers, product manufacturers, channel distributors, and end consumers, where manufacturers of medium- and middle-sized products possess core technology, distribution channels and brand effects, have stronger pricing and bargaining power, are central to the control of the industry, and are more profitable.
A typical ant market, with homogenous, low concern and low threshold characteristics. A large but small sub-sector with small individual sub-sectors is a typical ant market.
Consumer goods, with low unit prices for products, most of which are generally between a few and a few dozen dollars, are purchased less frequently than fast-disposal products, mainly at the pre-loading stage or on a temporary basis, with less attention being paid to the product as a whole, and no high technical barriers. Competition patterns have been established in some sub-sectors.
The dominant firms need to build on the accumulation of advantages of scale, and when they reach a certain level, there will be a significant Matthews effect. The civil electric industry has developed over the years, breaking down the absolute industry leaders already in the industry and increasing market concentration, such as converters and walls, bull groups in the area of switchboards, EPP lighting in the field of lighting, etc., but most subsectors have not yet seen a clear leader.
Markets have been divided by a large number of small businesses. (ii) Twenty-six years, with a clear path to business expansion, 26 years of deep farming, and growing into the leader of a civilian electrician. The Bulls Group has insisted on consumerism since its creation in 1995.
Demand-driven, product quality-based, starting with the “plug-in” segment, which constantly drives the creation of functionality, technology and design, produces a large number of new consumer-friendly products and, over the years, creates a business mix of civil electrician products with converters, wall switches, and plugs as core operations.
At the end of this is the opening of new products and new businesses in the new landscape of traditional business, such as headlamps, chargeposts, guns, etc., through the continuous penetration and fine-tuning of traditional channels, as well as the opening of b-channels, which deepens the protection of the city's rivers.
At the beginning, the cattle were able to do plugs, product ends, capture consumers' fundamental demands for the quality and safety of the converter products, locate high-quality plugs, continuously raise industry standards: channels at the end, with the construction of “flip veins” channels to penetrate to meet the immediate needs of consumers in a fast-discharged logic; the original “visiting” model is managed in a sophisticated manner; marketing end, strong support is given to distributors at the end of the day.
In the same year, the structure wall was turned on to open the decorative wall, continuing the differentiated high-end classing position, taking over the competitive advantage of the past and reaching market first in the year 2015.
Ming, following the introduction of multifunctional products with a “Eye” as a product orientation, a secure brand image has been continuously expanded to include digital accessories from year to year; continued wall-opening lighting hatches smart home ecology in 2018 with intelligent ecological products such as bathhouses, smart door locks, smart dryers, smart curtains, etc. to meet consumer pre-loading one-stop demand; and the introduction in 2021 of power-filling poles/
Guns, optimized and upgraded on hand-held chargers and home exchange chargers. Marketed in 2022, smart home eco-strategy continues.
Companies move from converters and wall plugs to the civilian electric power market, with business extensions around poor differentiation of market demand and taking advantage of the new energy industry. Companies keep growing more steadily in revenue and net profits.
With 12.385 billion yuan/+23.2 per cent in 2021 and a net profit of 2.78 billion yuan/+20.2 per cent in 2021, by branch of operation, 1) the electricity connection business has accelerated new business development and expanded its decorative channels, with good growth in all operations, of which 382.4 million yuan/+29.6 per cent have been collected in wall-opening camps, and the light of led and other smart electricians have maintained a high rate of growth, at $1,067.6 billion, respectively.
The rate of increase was 38.5 per cent/139.6 per cent, while other smart electrician lighting included bathhouses, smart door locks, smart clothes dryers, smart curtains, etc. Smart eco-products. 3) Digital parts operations were affected by new product listing cycles and offline flow movements, with revenues of $373 million/-10.79 per cent in 21 years.
On the profit side, the company’s Māori rate fluctuated slightly, and remained largely stable at over 35%, mainly as a result of price fluctuations in raw materials, and there was an internal mechanism to safeguard the cost of raw materials at the front end, stabilizing the Māori rate level by means of hedging or shifting the cost pressure of raw materials downstream. Business profitability and net interest rates increased steadily, largely thanks to the company’s finer management and continued mention.
High operational efficiency and efficiency of mitigation. Sub-operations show that transformers are more affected by fluctuations in raw materials and are highly competitive in the market, with Māori rates ranging from 30 to 35%; smart electricians have a 40% Māori walled ratio; and light on two or more grids, finely managed, canals are built deep.
(i) Channel development: horizontal expansion, vertical sinking, well-structured channels, and synergies between operations in terms of channels. The lines of operations under the company’s flag and those of the earliest converters are in place.
In 2021, the company further defined the two main marketing systems of 2b and 2c, and defined a coordinated and complementary strategy for offline hardware channels, decorative channels, digital channels, and on-line power lines. Underline barriers are deep, and the number of end-points is far higher.
There are more than 250,000 digital outlets, including 150,000 web points, which expand the distribution point to various locations in urban and rural areas, such as shops, shops, office stores, supermarkets, etc., and create a more difficult-to-repeal sub-camp.
Figure 14: The company converter, Aligmv, is number one, and the bull is number one, and the bull is number one, and the bull is number one, and the bull is number one, and the bull is number one, and the bull is number one, and the bull is number one, and the bull is number one, and the bull is number one, and it's number one, and it's number one, and it's number one, and it's number one, and it's number one, and it's number one, and it's number one, and it's number one, and it's number one.
(ii) Terminal management: strong management of high viscosity, the group's enforcement of a strict marketing system from the top to the bottom, and the creation of an original distribution visit to form the end of a fluorescent vein
End-of-cycle networks, where dealers are sold on a buy-out basis under flat-down distribution systems. The company’s joint marketing centre has a converter, wall switches, digital marketing and electricity distributors’ administration, which buys and sells the goods from the company to the terminal channel, where they reach the consumer again. (1) distribution visits; (2) exclusive sales: exclusive sales are specified at the dealer level;
(3) A flat distribution system: there are no multi-level or indirect distributors and buyout guarantees the interests of distributors; (4) Tier-level management: companies regulate end-door recruitment and product categories, are managed by distributors and are trained and mentored by distributors after they have opened up the end-of-pipe and are conducive to enhancing the loyalty of distributors and end-of-pipes to companies.
Dealers work together for long periods of time and build strong channels of glue. The company’s co-operated distributors are concentrated in 2015 and, as of 30 June 2019, they accounted for 41% of the dealers working with the company until 2015, which accounts for 65% of the revenue. We believe that the company has strong channels of glue, mainly: (1) reasonable channel profits are attracted and deep.
(b) Sound distribution system, professional regulatory channels to safeguard the interests of distributors, and preferential policies (e.g. sales discounts, credit support, etc.) to support the operation of distributors;
Reasonable channel returns attract and bind distributors: Māori fluctuations in corporate distribution and direct distribution channels tend to converge, suggesting that companies can guarantee distributor profits in the context of upstream raw material cost fluctuations. The value of operations is split so that companies can achieve a reasonable profit distribution, and channel multipliers guarantee the respective return on investment at all levels.
A well-managed and stable investment return is the basis for expanding channels and maintaining long-term stability among providers. Differences in price increases across different lines of business are mainly related to the breakdown of industries and competition patterns, with more competition for converters and digital accessories, and a large number of market participants, who need to give more to distributors in order to gain a share of the market.
Support for preferential policies: Companies give preferential policies to distributors in terms of sales discounts, credit support, etc., in which the credit policy of the sales year specifies that priority credit support is given to distributors and new distributors that have opened markets and have temporary liquidity needs, in addition to a single distributor's line control and total control.
The distributor uses the amount, time and interest rate of the letter of credit to deduct its sales discounts.
Incentives to strengthen interest binding: improve management quality through a vendor appraisal policy. Strict access management for dealers, multi-dimensional follow-up of the dealer's operational strength and performance during cooperation. Training support for distributors, incentives for outstanding distributors to safeguard the dealer's interests and achieve trade through, for example, strict price control through channels.
Dealers win. Regular tests are conducted to help or optimize underperforming dealers, and operating targets for new distributions remain significantly superior to those of their counterparts. (1) Bulls follow a strict prepayment model, and corporate accounts receivable turnover is significantly lower than that of their counterparts, suggesting that bulls are more thorough and stringent than other brands apply to dealer credit policies; and they move from stock to stock.
According to the figures, there is a faster turnover of bull goods, which, in conjunction with the strict credit policy of the distributors, indicates that end-and-distributors are doing well. (2) For upstream suppliers, the normal settlement cycle is 2-3 months, and the number of days payable turnover shows a downward trend year by year and is significantly better than that of their counterparts, and based on the size of the bull, there is a greater bargaining power for the supplier to further extend the payment cycle.
On the other hand, bulls choose to maintain healthy relationships with upstream suppliers in order to obtain more favourable procurement prices over a shorter payment cycle.
(3) In terms of cash flows, operating net cash flows/net profits have remained above 100 per cent since 2018, based on firm strong control over upstream and downstream and strong inventory controls, compared to a stable and high-quality cash flow level for peers. Figure 23: Net cash flows/net profits from corporate operations (as compared with counterparts)
In the light of the above analysis, it can be seen that, over 26 years, the bulls have been moving in the civil electricity market, where the pattern of small products is fragmented.
There is a long road ahead, the most central of which is the construction of a deep moat river, based on its vast outreach and control capabilities. It expands its operational boundaries based on the advantages of its channels, where operations such as plugs, led lighting, etc. are cut into the market and quickly reach the top of the market, and at this stage, defers its power connection to the charger/gun product, with the help of a lightless industry.
This is followed by medium- and long-term business growth in companies, mainly from the point of view of channels and products, where product innovation, product-based expansion, and channel expansion are the central drivers of the company’s medium- and long-term growth turbo. Product innovation: the civil electric industry is a typical market for ants – small products and large markets – and the technical barriers to products are low.
The Bulls Group, using the Ministry of Enterprise's organizational structure, has the capacity to continuously roll out differentiated, high-end and landscape products, using data lines and plugs as an example.
(b) Continuous upgrading of products: the plugs are mainly continuous and iterative in the direction of the use landscape; and product expansion: bulls are strictly guided by two basic ideas and strategies in the expansion of the class: (1) the new product is at the same stage as the original product is purchased by consumers, can be associated with the purchase, and can also be synergized. (2) Examinations.
The division of new product categories is fragmented or market-rich, and they can take advantage of their strengths to become industry leaders. Currently, bulls are expanding mainly on two feeder points, with electricity connecting in areas such as converters, chargers and chargers, and the need for integration around one-stop systems at home, such as lighting (including headlamps), switch lights, smart locks, hangers and bathhouses.
(b) Channel development: b includes real estate projects, government enterprises, etc., through one city.
In the past, end-b products were dominated by walls and new smart home types, such as headlights, could be added; and (3) new channels were opened: unlike previous channels, charge-posts/guns needed to be created to recruit new distributors, such as feed-to-end 4s shops, auto shops, gas outlets, etc.
(ii) Products: continuous extension of operational boundaries, expansion of electrical connectivity scenes, reloading of poles/guns using the wind layout of new energy sources
By the end of 2021, the country ' s new energy vehicle holdings stood at 7.84 million vehicles, an increase of 165.1 per cent compared with the previous year, rising rapidly from 5.4 per cent of total vehicle sales in 2020.
In terms of the industrial chain, the upstream sector is dominated by suppliers of equipment components, with a higher degree of homogenization and a lower ratio of Māori counterpart, with the aim of gradually extending down-stream layout of the grid-filling operation: the middle-stream is mainly a equipment dealer and operator, and as the vehicle is no longer on a stump, it is pre-empted.
Downstream applications include, among other things, public, specialized and private charge-posts. Public stock holdings have been met, the market is more concentrated and dominated by operators, with top5, which is unique, star charger, cloud charger, national grid and orange charger, with 69.01% of the city, respectively. Private stock gaps are high, and the market is more competitive.
Private pillars are the company’s main area of competition. Communication takes time, electricity demands are low, use costs are low, direct charge time is short, electricity requirements are high, and use costs are high.
The State Department therefore proposes to actively promote the residential charging service model, which is “intelligent slow-up, emergency fast-loading” and promotes the use of electric cars. It is therefore expected that future intelligence will be orderly slow-up or one of the main applications, working with the operator.
In 2021, the company launched a power-filling gun/stump operation, and in September 2022 it joined the national network to consolidate its resources, which is expected to contribute to the growth of its new energy operations. In 2021, the company made a zero breakthrough in the area of new energy and electricity connections, creating technological innovations around user pain points.
The company has now completed the full coverage of charge guns, handguns, small straight-flow/large-direct charge poles, removing Tesla from the expected municipal share of charge guns/charged posts in the area of private stakes. In September 2022, in collaboration with the national network, it is hoped that the community will be covered by the grid.
The company's charger gun is first in the third-party brand for a month on the line: the new energy distribution channel under the line began in March 22, at 6:4, including the 4s shop, the auto shop, the gas shop, and the mini-b end project, and the new energy channel is not well aligned with the old hardware, decorative channel.
In Tesla, where there is a higher share of the new energy car and a unique standard of charging interfaces, the bulls are in third place.
Diffusion markets for high-quality optic products for the general public, standardization of products and decentralization of channels have taken the lead, creating regulatory and modelling advantages and opening up the public market. Currently, orphan lamps are located mainly through light designers and require customized programmes, with popular elements and innovative styles that make them popular at the consumer level. As a result of their high degree of personalization and customization, dealers ' inventories are kept in stock.
Management is difficult and products are priced, and industry patterns are fragmented. Thus, the direction of future developments can be divided into: 1) high-end customization, 2) popularization. Companies want to be able to locate popularly differentiated routes, using orphan lamps as a massized commodity, weakening the role of design at the landing point, taking advantage of cost advantages and access advantages under standardized products.
At the end of the product, the bulls have a unique business model, rapid consumer insight and product innovation; at the end, the headlights are products of the front chain, although new, but at the same stage as the original business, they are able to synergize with the decorative circuits of the front, such as wall-opening, building materials markets, etc., and are different from the customization of the store.
Based on a masterless lamp, open up a b-end channel to create an intelligent whole-house ecology. Smart headlamps are a popular type in the moment. Consumers, decorating companies and designers are very concerned about the type. The company will gradually train and empower its distributors at the provincial, municipal and county levels to create a smart headlight.
Channels. In the past, b-channel products were dominated by wall switches and were more homogeneous, and by accelerating the strategic layout of orphan lamps in the installation, they were able, on the one hand, to create a pre-emptive advantage at the end of the product and, on the other hand, to deepen links with b-channels and lay a channel base for further advances in the future.
(iii) Channels: enhanced marketability and active access to b-end channels Civilian electricians sell their products mainly through the hardware market, decorative channels, commercial superchannels, community channels, electricity providers, etc., with different advantages and disadvantages, while the variety of civilian electrician products and the variety of scenarios that generate demand make them marketable
Roads are one of the key factors in determining the sale of products. (1) hardware channels: they have a wide range of coverage that can solve the last kilometre problem, so there are more than thousands of hardware channels for various types of civilian use. In the future, when the increase in the number of channels reaches the ceiling and the marginal contribution of the increase in the number of sites is decreasing, the future will be the future.
According to the above analysis, bull products have higher unit prices, faster turnover, and profitability, with higher returns than competitive returns. Through multi-product imports, it is expected to increase the operating profitability of distributors and also provide companies with (2)c end-of-pipe decorating channels: the site is becoming more specialized and integrated, with a one-town business model being introduced.
With the construction of a convection store, combined with smart household products such as bathhouses, dryers, etc., rural cities are expected to increase considerably. Over the last year, 18,000 networking sites have been rehabilitated and opened, with a significant increase in the number of connections to more than 50,000 townships in the country (3) (b) end-of-pipe: the company can provide a new flow entrance to the company, especially when the company starts to build a smarter with a masterless light.
In 21 years, more than 10,000 small-scale home-dressing businesses were opened, and more than 100,000 homes nationwide, increasing coverage is expected to increase. The creation of the B-side business partnership model house to raise the profile of high brands in the front. In 2021, the B-side sales revenue increased by 175.20 per cent in the same year.
(4) Online channels: Continuation of the close-to-the-line co-price strategy, full class imports continue to lead to an increase in the volume of discharges, which can provide a flow entrance to new products, while new product categories can reach more consumers through online channels.
The replacement of differentiated products provides them with structural growth opportunities; charge-posts/guns have begun to grow gradually, are now sold on-line, and are expected to increase below-line coverage as they work with the national network. (2) Smart electrician lighting operations, linked to real estate, are subject to fluctuations in the influence of the real estate industry, and the “survival” policy is expected to lead to improved construction at the same time as valuation;
Proactively seeking growth opportunities, producing smart home ecology at the end of the product based on orphan lights, standardizing and scalding patterns to take over the main light market: channel end accelerated b end layout, and in 2021 the company built three separate and fine development systems around the core of business, engineering and real estate operations, which are expected to build on the strengths of the company's multi-species/product mix and the long-term establishment of the company's garment companies.
Increased competition in new business markets, less than expected end-of-end expansion, high price volatility of raw materials, etc.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is as follows:
The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute an offer or an inquiry into the sale of the securities in question.
Responsible. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies. The copyright in this report belongs to Pacific Securities Inc., unwritten.