Bulls Group (603195.sh) Light Work Group Bull Deep Inquiry Series II: Medium- to Long-Term Growth Drive
As the market share of the company convertors and the two niches is first in the industry, the market is gradually starting to worry about the pace and space of the company’s subsequent growth.
1. " 3q income growth is still robust, profit rings are improving - Bulls 3rd Quarterly Reporting Point Extremists are well set up, civil power platforms are emerging and future internationalized markets are being evaluated " , 2022.10.28
2q Income Growth Resilient, H2 Profit-Importable - Bulls Group Short term: Core strengths are strong and traditional niches are still robust. Company “security” 3. New product categories are well developed, long-term growth paths are becoming clear - Bulls Group season
In the case of converters, the "volume" increase has gradually stabilized, but the company is willing to change, but it's going to change.
Deep-deep demand distress points, rapid development of iterative products, and a steady increase in the average price of products. According to the national gold figure, lab, the average price of the bull scat platform converter class has been rising year by year, from approximately $21.8 in 2020 to $30.3 in January-November 2022.
Overall, the "price" increases resulting from product structural upgrades are sustainable or will not open up the ceilings for conversion-type growth further. With regard to the wall, the pre-disposition of the b-channel is becoming more important, especially for the small b market or for the public.
Medium- and long-term: three new categories drive new growth. Corporate platforms synergize because of the similarity of charged guns/posts, headlamps, portable storage features to corporate niches.
The cost and channel advantages will be evident. And all three of them have a growth dividend, of which the charger/post and portable storage industries are expected to be more than 100 billion, and in the next three years the cagr will be expected to be more than 40%. With the industry dividend, the company’s three new products will be available.
In the long run: to promote internationalization, it is possible to build a new “cow.” The company’s overseas operations are still in the early stages, with its overseas revenues of $280 million in 2021, representing only 2.2% of the growth gap.
It's huge. With the rapid growth of the new energy charger market in overseas markets (which is expected to exceed $14.5 billion in Europe/United States in 2025 and 40% in cagr), the lighting industry is still fragmented (cr 5 about 20%), the bull may be able to rely on it.
Strong product power and the cost advantage of large-scale production manufacturing capacity, with cross-border power-marketing channels, gradually growing in the international market of chargeposts, led (with no headlights) and opening up future growth space for companies.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating Epidemics repeated; lack of business access; significant increases in raw material prices; lifting of stock restrictions. 1. Summary of follow-up developments in bulls: clear product ladders and short-, medium- and long-term growth
Over 20 years of its development, it is clear that the company has managed to capture the development dividend and the real estate dividend of the domestic electricity industry, successfully building converters and walling two large monoliths, that the two main categories now form an important support for the company ' s revenue, that the electricity connection operations, which are dominated by converters, accounted for 52 per cent of the revenue in 2021, and that the smart electricians, which are dominated by wall openings, have generated a total of 52 per cent of the revenues in 2021.
Ming's operations accounted for 45% of the revenue in 2021. As the size of the two main niches grew, the market became concerned about the speed and space of the company's growth, and we thought that while the core of the company's brand + channel was strong enough to support the class of the niches to grow robustly, the experience of the operation of the large monoliths was expected to continue in the future.
In addition, the opening of overseas markets will further support the company’s long-term growth. The commercial closure of brands and channels will lay the foundation for a sustained growth of the core: according to our calculations, the company is now turning.
And now the wall opener again validates the company’s ability to build a large single product, which, after more than a decade of development, is now in the forefront of the industry. Overall, the public’s past growth perfected the process of shaping “product power plus channel power plus brand power” for converters.
The ability to build large monoliths continues to be validated, as corporate brands and channels are increasingly closed to business, laying a solid foundation for the long-term sustainability of the Department’s growth.
New class ladders are clear, civil power platforms are emerging, opening up medium- and long-term growth space: while the company now has the highest market share in the industry for converters, walls and two major niches, the product development ladders of light, smart eco-products, charge guns/posts, portable storage energy have also been successfully built and formally identified as “new energy + smart ecology” at its core.
Building on the company’s strong production end-scale advantages, branding, new product development, a solid foundation, the emergence of a large civil electric platform, and medium- and long-term growth space are expected to open. The company’s “safe” brand image and expansion of channels have become a virtuous circle, with the core of advantages becoming stronger, and nuclear in the short term.
The growth path for the heart class is still clear. For the converter, the "volume" increase has gradually stabilized, the industry is moving on the supply side, deep-deep demand distress points, rapid research and development and iterative products, and the product price has risen steadily, with a monthly average price of $30.3 based on the national gold figure, lab. Overall, the "price" increase resulting from the product structure upgrade is or will be sustained in the future.
Further opening the cap on the growth of the converter class. With regard to the wall, the pre-disposition of the b-channel is becoming more important in the context of the trend towards sophistication and re-engineering, especially as the small b market may be the key to further opening up the share of the ceiling. 2.1 Converter: Industry is moving to the supply side, and price increases will become the main driver.
The conversion product, which is a mature product group of companies and whose market share is over 50 per cent, has been growing steadily in recent years, and there is still room for a “volume” increase in the company’s converter, but the “price” contribution from product upgrading may be more significant, from which the conversion product class, which drives the firm’s advantage, will continue to grow steadily.
At the industry level, all households in China have steadily stabilized, more so in the case of small households, where the increase in power retention has led to an increase in the overall demand for converters. According to IQR data, there were about 500 million Chinese converters (plugs) in 2021, and 2.5% cagr in 2018-2021.
The sale of the divisional converter class is gradually moving towards a smooth growth period.
Figure 9: Small household appliances and holdings (species/centres) In terms of the “price” dimension, the conversion product category has evolved over the years, product homogenization has become more evident, and the industry has gradually moved into a supply-side proactive phase, when the demand-side “mass” bonus period has gradually faded.
The result is an upward trend in the price segments. Overall, the “prices” resulting from the product structure upgrades are increasing or will be increasing in the future.
To further open the cap on the growth of the converter class. Figure 11: Product rotational upgrading drives steady price increases by 2.2 walls open: b-channel expansion or will be key to opening the corporate share ceiling
(a) Low unit prices: 2) Small differences in brand appearances: 3) Two major trends in the consumer-commissioned electricians or appliance industry: 1) The proportion of consumable buildings in the first-line cities has gradually increased, with the current rate of customization in the first-line cities exceeding 85 per cent and in the second-line cities exceeding 65 per cent; 2) The trend in the cleaning of the house and the overall package is clear, according to the Chinese-coupled societies, in the first-line cities in 2021
Consumers in China choose a 30%/40% ratio for whole packages, and the trend is also becoming more important for the whole of the city on two or three or four lines. Based on two major trends: wall opener characteristics and industry, b ends expand or will be the key to a further increase in the share of wall openers:
1) The current share of the market in the open goods category of the corporate walls, although it is the first in the industry, is still relatively less concentrated than in the converter category. We believe that the key reason for this is that the purchase of the walled products takes place more often in the process of renovation or repair, with a certain percentage of electricians or appliance buying.
And the current industry’s tendency to fine-tune and reassemble also makes the demand for wall openings more forward-looking, and the distribution of end-b channels more obvious.
2) b-channel characteristics or easier to make a large share: b-channels, on the one hand, are large in terms of volume, value, competitive thresholds, and, on the other hand, consumer satisfaction must be the key to a steady increase in the share, both from the point of view of large b-end (household) and small b-end (branding).
Contracts, after-sales services, etc., are also the most important aspects of housing, assembly, and choice of product suppliers. Overall, the quality of the product, the level of after-sale services and the cost advantages of the company’s access to the b-channels will ensure that the company’s share will continue to increase at the b-end, particularly the expansion of the b-section will further open up the company’s share of the ceiling.
Figure 12: Permeability of improved buildings at all levels
3. Medium-term: Three new product drivers: new growth of electric charge guns/posts, headlights, portable storage energy products are becoming three potential growth categories of companies, three product categories have characteristics similar to those of superior goods, and the experience of operating large single items of corporate advantage is expected to continue in the future in general civilian use, such as lighting, electric charge guns/posts.
Over the next three years, the capr is expected to be more than 40% of the size of both the power-filled gun/stump and portable storage industries, and will grow into hundreds of billions of big ones. The three new products of the company have a clear initial advantage.
The idea is clear and will open up significantly the medium- and long-term growth space of the company. 3.1 Quality + platform advantage provides the basis for success in three new product categories. 1) High similarity of the product class, high synergy of brand + channels, and proven performance of the product class
A detailed collating of the company’s charged gun/stamp, headlamps, portable storage features clearly shows a higher degree of standardization, a relatively small number of skus, and a high similarity from consumer claims, distribution channels, to the advantage-type converter. Based on the synergies of the company’s large platform, three new product categories have a clear initial advantage, and there will also be a track record of operating thinking.
Support for the rapid expansion of the new class. (2) Synergy in raw materials procurement, with cost advantages.
The overall cost of raw materials procurement is stable, long-term and stable strategic partnerships have been established with key raw material suppliers such as plastics and copper, and the continued large-scale procurement has helped the bulls to maintain a higher bargaining power at the end of the supply chain. Procurement of major raw materials such as plastics, copper and hardware has had a clear advantage.
The share has declined steadily, although the market value of raw materials such as copper and plastic has declined, mainly because of the acquisition cost advantage that bulls begin to have as the procurement scale expanded and the procurement model matured. The unit price of the main raw materials of bulls can be lower than the market price, for example, pc, pp, abs, and the main market price of copper in the first half of 2019.