Shinji Mountain Convergence China Coal Energy (60898.sh) Powered Coal
The coal industry's profits have been restored, and attention has been paid to the resumption of coal production in the Shanxi region.
Market data: \triangleright 15% on 23 August 2024, mainly affected by the fall in coal prices over the same period: average coal powered in the port of Qin in the first half of the year was 875 yuan per ton, same as
Highest/minimum in the year: Mode of transformation and release of high-quality production capacity, resulting in a 16.74 per cent decline in the cost of company operations; increase in the overall Māori ratio of the company; market value of liquiditya shares (billions):
In addition, thanks to the further optimization of the corporate asset structure and the fall in the interest rate on financing, the fiscal region has made up for the decline in production outside the western part of the mountain region, and there is still room for endogenous growth. The company's coal business continues to be dominated by sales of powered coal, which accounted for 83.3 per cent of the coal business in the first half of the year.
Tens of thousands of tons, equivalent to 3.1%; 2020 million tons, corresponding to 7.2%; 6,619 million tons, corresponding to 2.1%; and trade 64.37 million tons, corresponding to 15.5%. The decline in corporate coal production was mainly affected by the first half of the Shanxi region’s security regime. The company produced 583.8 tons of coal in the first half of the year.
Coal production is expected to recover in Shanxi region in the second half of the year, and the company produced 12.1 million tons of coal in July, an increase of 4.2% over June, which is higher than the average monthly production in the first half of the year.
Yearly production, the reeds coal mine (2.4 million tonnes/year) is steadily moving forward. Liu Gui army coal industry integration advantages are evident and costs are lower and profits are improving.
Methanol and polyolefins rebounded profitably with 20.3 per cent of corporate coal industry in the first half of the year, an increase of 3.74 percentage points over the same period; company coal industry production of 2.9270 million tons, a ratio of -2.5 per cent; sales of 308.3 tons, coal and chemical integration strategy, modern coal industry capacity-building continued: Xiaoxi Xianlin Coal industry II.
Construction began on the 900,000 tonnes of polyolefins per year project, with a 100,000-ton “Liquid Sun” demonstration project plus a coal whole-sector chain layout, and a market value management assessment is expected to boost the valuation.
- Coal-Chemical Industries-New Energy” whole-of-industry chain, coal-chemicals integrated with coal contribute to steady business performance, and the construction of coal power at Quantico-Antea/Utcher pits will further enhance the company's resilience to risks. In addition, the market value management test has been stepped up, and companies are working to improve investor perception and satisfaction.
\triangleright’s coal production growth, with supply and demand balanced coal prices expected to be relatively stable, continues to give companies “to sustain macroeconomic growth at a rate less than expected; higher than expected downside risks for coal, coal-chemicals; and Ensing.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated in any way, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity, status, or the trust that I have in my practice.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.