In the event, on August 23, 2024, China and coal energy released semi-annual reports, and in 2023, the company managed to collect coal energy (60898.sh)
The main coal industry maintained a sales structure advantage and mitigated the impact of the price fluctuations on performance.
Coal sales have steadily increased, resulting in 6,619 million tons of home-grown coal sales, an increase of 2.1 per cent over the same period, with medium-power coal sales of 6,055,000 tons, an increase of 2.4 per cent over the same year, and 5,64 million tons of refined coal, a decrease of 6.8 per cent over the same period; the company ' s sales structure is dominated by long-coal, with a greater stability of coal prices, and companies.
The price of power coal fell less than that of the port market; the price of coal refined was 1371 yuan/tonne, a decrease of 2.9 per cent in the same year, and the combined price of coal for commodities was 584 yuan/tonne, a decrease of 40 yuan/tonne in the same year, a decrease of 6.4 per cent in the company ' s first six months of cost control, to some extent to mitigate the impact of the fall in coal prices on performance.
In general, the company has a relatively stable price of coal plates, and the coal business has achieved revenue of 77.767 billion yuan, a decline of 16.8%, and Māori of 19.848 billion yuan.
The increase in production and the structural advantages of sales guarantee that the company will remain stable in coal-chemical production, prices, and lower costs will raise it.
Billion dollars, a decrease of 7.8 per cent, mainly due to lower prices for raw materials, fuel and coal purchases, resulting in the cost of coal-chemical products in conjunction with those of Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
In Beijing, the city's west-city district, the Min Munxi Street A127 actively reciprocated investors by drawing a special share of red and medium-term 2024.
The Division received a letter from the China Coal Group, a controlling shareholder, proposing special dividends for China Coal Energy Co. Ltd. and medium-term dividends for 2024, which China Coal proposed for 2023.
On the basis of the annual profit distribution programme, a further tax cash dividend of 0.113 per share is distributed, while it is proposed that 30 per cent of the net profit of the shareholders in listed companies of $9.79 billion be allocated to the shareholders in cash dividends of $2.93 billion, profit projections and investment ratings: looking back at the coal market in the first half of the year, we consider the adjustment of power coal prices to be low.
We believe that coal demand in the second half of the year is still more strongly supported by prices for the Association and that market prices are not subject to unilateral downswings.
The built-in growth drive is expected to lead to firm and firm expectations of performance, accompanied by an orderly release of coal, a steady increase in corporate performance, and a future rise in corporate valuation along with plate valuations \triangleright \triangleright
Uncertainty in power-related industrial policies; accident of safe production in coal mines, etc. Dr. Zhoming, University of Mines, registered consulting (investment) engineer, Deputy General Manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, Member of the China Society for Quality Minerals and Economics, Member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation ' s Pool of Experts, and Member of the China Price Association ' s Select Committee on Coal Prices
He has been the Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association and has been in charge of research in coal and energy-related fields for more than a decade. He has been in charge of research in the coal sector since 2019 and has been in charge of research in the coal sector for more than a hundred subjects of national research on coal exploration and development planning, revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultations.
Lei Chunzig, cfa, cpa, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, Nanjing University, have been researching large energy sectors such as the securities economy and financial power, and natural gas.
He was a doctor in mining at the Chinese University of Mines (Beijing) and a senior engineer, former Minister of Investment and Operations at the Second Sub-Specific Company of the China Coal Industry Group. He worked for many years in coal mining, in technology management for coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management, and joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the coal industry.
Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States of America, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity, market-based reform, applied research in virtual power plants, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022, engaged in electricity industry, Xinhua, Master of Finance, National University of Australia, and Bachelor of Finance, University of Finance, Southwest, July 2022.
In July 2022, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, Li-Wing, cpa, Master of Accounting, Essen University of Economics and Management, Germany, September 2022, the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre.
Li Dung, Master of Architecture, University of Southern California, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in January 2023 for research in the coal industry. Tang Jiaoyu, Master of Social Sciences, University of Science and Technology, Hong Kong University of Economics and Trade, Bachelor of Financial Science, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
Liu Po, Master of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 to conduct research in the coal industry, which has not been relevant or relevant, nor will it be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.