Performance forecast for 2023: Performance continues to outperform expectations and looks forward to better outcomes in the wave  Events: Wirtschaftsprüfer issued performance forecast for 2023, 1) corporate return net profit forecast for 2023
The company has shown that the global data centre construction belt has triggered a steady and sustained increase in demand for high-speed optical device products, especially high-speed products, as a result of the development of the technology and increased demand for arithmetic.
More rapidly, leading to a sustained build-up of some of the company’s product lines, and a significant increase in capacity utilization. In the light of the results of the release of head-players from the industrial chain, the net profit from the non-return to the mother was 306% in the third quarter of the 24th fiscal year, and the net loss from the mid-quarters was 306% in the third quarter of the 23th year.
In 2024, the big players in the global industrial chain expressed optimism about the development of the arithmetic: the power builder said at the 23q4 performance meeting that the ai-related business had been forecast for cagr in recent years.
At about 50 per cent, the arithmetic chips alone will be close to 20 per cent of income; British Wedda stresses that corporate performance will continue to grow in 2025; and Zuckerberg also says that Meta will pick up again this year.
The company is expected to continue to enrich the product, production, and customer sequences, with a period of growth in performance 1) high demand for high-speed domestic light modules, and the company’s client’s share in downstream is expected to increase.
(a) Fibre Communications (300394); no source + no source + no source + no source , expecting the company's base in Thailand to be put into production on schedule to meet high demand, and the company's performance space to continue to be opened;
2) Fertilize communications are pre-arranged for products such as cpo, light engines of silicon technology routes, and we believe that the company is expected to continue to expand its client base of products such as light engines in the context of demand and technology programmes, and to synergize this new growth pole while the existing products and industries are resonant.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Considering that the continued release of the ai high-speed light module will provide an opportunity for companies to continue to increase their profitability, we have reduced the net return of their profits from R & D from 2023 to 2025 from the point where they fell short of expectations; and increased competition in the industry.
Three financial forecasts for Tianfu Communications. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.