The high-speed development of the power-drive lightware business in the overseas ai deployment, equity incentives to show a steady increase in performance and confidence, a day-to-day foil communication (300394.sz) incident evaluation report
Wirtschaftsprüfer issued a performance forecast for 2023: the company expects to achieve ivzy@cfsc.com.cn hepc@cfsc.com.cn
The main reason for the growth in corporate performance is the growth in the development of artificial intelligence technology and the need for numeracy, which has led to the acceleration of the global data centre and, in turn, to the upstream high-speed optical device.
There has been a steady increase in demand for products. With high profitability rates of light communications, there has been a significant increase in demand for products, which has led to a significant increase in the capacity utilization of some of the company’s product lines. In addition, companies have been affected by interest income, finance, etc.
At the industry level, artificial intelligence is at the root of accelerated growth.
According to dell'oro, global data centre capital spending is projected to increase by 11 per cent in 2024, and global data centre capital expenditure is projected to reach $350 billion in 2026. According to China, global arithmetic will exceed global arithmetic in 2030.
On 19 January 2024, the CEO of Meta announced that Meta was training the next generation model, llama, and it was expected that nearly 350,000 h100 would be built. In addition, the data centre was being built.
Altman is raising billions of dollars to create a global network of al-chip manufacturers. The realization of artificial intelligence technology requires not only arithmetic, but also a vital link. Large model manufacturers want to achieve full integration of arithmetic resources.
A large number of high-speed light modules are needed to support hypervelocity connectivity between data centres, as well as lower time frames and greater bandwidth. According to the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry, light devices account for about 73 per cent of the cost of the reported light module and are a core component of the light module.
Light devices also offer significant opportunities for development. The size of the global market for light devices in 2026 will reach $7.06 billion in 2026 and 11.15 per cent in 2020-2026. Companies range from high-end non-source devices to high-speed light engine solutions.
Bit layout. The company can now provide high-speed coaxware product solutions, high-speed light engine/boxware package solutions, wave-replacing (wg) products solutions, pm/dr series open-source product solutions, pm safeguards
+fau solutions such as the unsourced lightware product. The value of the device product produced by the company in the light module is greater and it is expected to continue to benefit from the demand for a large number of light modules. In addition, the light engine product produced by the company is the cpo programme.
The core light is expected to benefit from the trend towards accelerated penetration of the cpo programme. The company's “high-speed light engine construction project for 5 g and data centres” is progressing steadily, with future post-partum production expected as follows, with laser chips integrated into high-speed light.
Four hundred and eighty thousand engines per year, 60,000 silicon chip integration high-speed light engines, 8.4 million zero-component high-speed light engines. We believe that the company is expected to benefit fully from the development opportunities in the field of optical devices, following the launch of the project.
Equity incentives show a steady increase in confidence by binding the core team to create a win-win. The company released its equity incentive plan on December 22, 2023.
Award of 399 incentive pairs at a grant price of $39.66 per share; reserve of 47.7 million restricted shares. First grant of restricted stock performance evaluation targets for 2022
Sex, attracting and retaining core talent, and linking staff and companies closely together, will help promote long-term, sustained, and healthy growth of companies. Cost expectations are good, and high-end high-end hardware manufacturers overseas continue to multiply.
Upgrade, the company's light engine lightware business is expected to continue to be empowered, with less than anticipated capital expenditures being made to “buy in” overseas cloud producers; less than expected rotation of overseas hardware manufacturers' products; risk of deteriorating competitive patterns in the industry; and less advanced imports of corporate products.
Introduction by Electronics Group Mao Jianxian: Master of Materials, University of Gangan, three years of American semiconductor listing experience, participation in a global advanced process for leading semiconductor manufacturers, five years of experience in commodity portfolio development, employment in 2018-2020
Ko Yonghau: Dr. of Physics of the University of Gangan, who worked in China as Technology Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate, Luzhoyang: Master of Arts at the National University of Australia, who worked in Fangzheng Securities, with four years of experience in research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.