Four quarters of a year, with high net profit innovation and rapid growth in demand for high-speed products, corporate performance grew rapidly in 2023. Companies are expected to return to a high level of historical success by issuing a performance forecast for 2023.
High-speed product rapid release and high-capacity utilization. According to corporate announcements, rapid growth in corporate performance has largely benefited from increased demand for ai development and numeracy, and the construction of global data centres has led to a steady and sustained increase in demand for high-speed optical products, especially faster demand for high-speed products, leading to higher public demand for high-speed products.
At the same time, the impact of corporate interest income is felt by the company’s interest income.
The financial costs have fallen the same time, and the contribution is partly contributing. ai demand continues to grow rapidly. Global arithmetic inputs are expected to increase continuously. According to the four-season method of power generation, station ai ' s revenue is expected to be close to 20% of the company ' s revenue in 2027.
And, in the next few years, the need for the ai chip has increased by more than 50% at a compound rate. The increase in arithmetic and bandwidth is at the heart of the construction of arithmetic cluster infrastructure, where large-scale computing clusters are expected to drive high-speed light, such as 800g, and the demand for the information industry chain continues to grow rapidly.
New technological directions, such as silicon light in the forward-looking layout, cpo, etc. The company’s long-term forward-looking silicon light, cpo, etc. technical directions in the field of light communication in the forward-looking layout, include specific research and development projects for special fibre-optic devices for the silicon-optic module and single-channel high-power laser product development, as well as fiberarray devices for various special application scenarios.
Profits increased by 94.95 per cent in the third quarter of 2023, and profits increased by 36.42 per cent in the first half of 2023.
Investment proposal: up profit forecast, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Fibre Communications (300394.sz) - Business Quality Upgrade, 800 g light device Quantities Realisation, considering that the ai is in a fast-growing phase and that the ai needs for basic hardware, including light devices, are already in place.
Wirtschaftsprüfer (300394.sz) - 31% increase in net profits over the year, continuity of innovative business, steady business performance for three consecutive quarters after release and long-term sustainability.
Figure 1: Mobil communications operating income and increase (millions of yuan, per cent) Figure 2: Mobil communications operating income and increase (millions, per cent) Figure 3: Mobil communications net profit and increase (millions, per cent)
Figure 4: Mother ' s net profit and increase (in millions of yuan, per cent) in filiation single season: Māori rate for filiation single quarter, changes in net interest rates: 3 cost changes for filiation single quarter
Figure 7: Mobil communications cash flows (millions of yuan) Figure 8: Mobil communications inventory and quarterly movements (millions) Our profit projections are based on the following assumptions:
The company’s current share of revenue is high in lightless devices, which we expect to grow steadily overall. Prior to that, the company’s rate of growth in lightless devices was projected to be 10/9/5% over the next three years, with a moderate and moderate decline in the Māori rate.
The need for light devices to be supported on a continuous scale requires long-term continuity of demand. Based on the above changes, the company ' s light-sourced devices include parts of the containment and light-engine operations, in which the progressive upswing of light engines drives the company ' s light-sourced devices revenue to continue to grow at a rapid rate. Prior to that, we expected an increase in the company ' s light-source devices over the next three years.
With a speed of 197 per cent-109 per cent-61 per cent, the Māori rate has remained largely stable. Considering that the pull of the ai to the company’s light-source business has begun to be reflected, we expect that the company’s light-source business, driven by the continuous development of the ai, is progressing with Māori: with the company’s high-speed product productivity, the Māori rate of the light-source device is expected to be repaired, and the base is expected to be restored.
The rate of management costs for efficiency gains in promotion and management is expected to remain steady and declining. The cost of increasing corporate sales is expected to remain slightly declining.
We have begun to release and have long-term sustainability, and the company's business performance has been steadily improving for three consecutive quarters, and we have revised the company's profit forecast for 2023-2025 upwards, and it is expected that the company's net profit return for 2023-2025 will continue to be released by good companies from the need to benefit from the arithmetic infrastructure, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject