Wang Wei-chul grew by 27 per cent in 2021 over the same year, and both the Great Nan medicine and the Great Health plate recovered in line with expectations billion yen, yoy+27.6 per cent, net profit after deduction yoy+25.8 per cent, and the company's performance met expectations and increased rapidly.
The period of 2020 was relatively low, mainly due to the impact of the epidemic. Of these, q4 had been collected in the first quarter of the year. The q4 had recovered from the epidemic and cash flows had been better throughout the year: by branch of business, the company Grand Nam had received 10.79 billion yuan, y0y+6 per cent, and the Māori rate was 44.1 per cent, an increase of 7.9 per cent over the same period.
On the one hand, the recovery in demand in the market after the outbreak was brought under control, and on the other hand, the expansion of the company’s core varieties led to faster growth in the Gingo, kidney gestation pills, etc. Large health plates generated 108.50 billion yuan, y0y+38.1%, mainly in catering, i.e., drinking, and so on.
Foreign companies promote rejuvenation of brands and the introduction of creative products such as family name cans, blind canisters, and gin cans have contributed to the increase in product sales, while the Māori rate has fallen by 0.5 to 47.3% from the same level, which is estimated to be linked to the company’s diversification strategy to foster some potential products.
With revenues of 46.780 billion yuan, yoy+8.3 per cent, the recovery from the epidemic was significant, with a Māori rate of 6.6 per cent, a slight increase of 0.2 percentage points in the product mix. The company achieved an operating cash flow of 5.670 billion yuan, y0y+869,5 per cent, compared to the previous year.
The non-epidemiological period also increased by about 13% in 2019, with better performance. The Māori rate rose significantly, as did the cost of sales: the company combined Māori rate was 19.2%, an increase of 2.3 percentage points, and the Māori rate recovered significantly with the recovery in the size of the harvest.
The share of institutional investors in the circulation of a share has increased in sales promotion, with sales rates increasing by 1.2 percentage points to 8.6 per cent over the same period, management fees, a unit corresponding to 12 times the price, 10 times the price, and a unit corresponding to 7 times the price and 6 times the price.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Bonds (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not made by individual clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.