Gree [000651.CH]: Strong performance may not be sustainable
Gree reported a strong set of 3Q18 results, with revenue and EPS growing 38.2%
and 38% YoY, respectively, led by strong results in air conditioning. While the results
were solid, investor concern is focused on the sustainability of the strong
performance, as rising channel inventory levels may account for a significant portion
Home Appliances Sector
of the growth. In comparison, Gree's main competitors, Midea and Qingdao Haier,
had reported deteriorating China AC sales in 3Q18. Excess inventory could weigh on
Hold
2019 sales and profitability, thus impeding share price performance. We reduce our
target price from RMB43 to RMB40.
Investment Highlights
Strong 3Q18 growth, but concerns about channel inventory: Gree indicated that
Close: RMB 38.06 (Oct. 31, 2018)
million units of channel inventory, or 2-2.5 months of annual production by our
Target Price: RMB 40 (+5%)
estimates. Unlike Midea, Gree does not warehouse inventory for its distributors,
which provides the Company with less clarity over channel inventory levels.
Price Performance
growth to be roughly in line with that of Q3, but that the AC segment is difficult to
predict. For 2019, Gree believes double-digit revenue growth should be achievable.
We remain concerned that continued strong sales in a weak market may result in
increased channel inventory levels, which may hamper growth in 2019.
Continued dividend uncertainty: Gree announced a proposed interim dividend of
3.6Bn, or RMB0.6 per share, indicating a ~30% payout ratio for 1H18. This was less
than our and market expectations of ~50% payout, and below Gree's historical
payout ratio of 60-70%. Gree has not provided clear guidance on whether it intends
US$32,838m
Market Cap
to continue this payout ratio for 2H18 earnings. Nor has Gree provided further clarity
Shares Outstanding
on where it intends to invest its cash reserves.
6,016m
Free Float
56%
Inexpensive valuation. In spite of a strong 9M18 top line, we remain cautious about
Gree's future growth in light of increasing channel inventory, the lack of new
52W High
discernible long-term growth drivers, and an inconsistent corporate strategy. Gree
52W Low
derives ~88% of its revenue from China, making its earnings almost wholly reliant on
3M Avg Daily T/O:
US$293m
the domestic China market. On this basis, we believe Gree warrants a discount
Major Shareholders:
Gree Group. (18%)
relative to its peers Haier and Midea. We raise our 2018 EPS estimates by 4.3% on
Sources: Company, Bloomberg
EPS estimates are 8%/14% below consensus. We value the Company at 9.5x 2019E
PER, implying a 12-month target price of RMB40, or ~5% upside.
Jeff Dorr – Analyst
An Zhang – Analyst
Johnson Cheung – Research Director
Sources: Company Annual Report, CGIS Research
Results
Gree released its 3Q18 results, which were in line with market expectations, following Gree's pre-
announcement on October 9. Total revenue rose 38.2% YoY for the quarter, an acceleration over Gree's
31% growth in first half. Net profit to common grew 38.3% YoY for the quarter.
Source: Company Reports, CGIS Research
Source: Bloomberg, CGIS Research
FINANCIAL MODEL
Sources: Company Annual Report, CGIS Research
Disclaimer
This research report is not directed at, or intended for distribution to or used by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any jurisdiction
where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or which would subject China Galaxy International
Securities (Hong Kong) Co., Limited ("Galaxy International Securities") and/or its group companies to any registration or licensing requirement within such
jurisdiction.
This report (including any information attached) is issued by Galaxy International Securities, one of the subsidiaries of the China Galaxy International Financial
Holdings Limited, to the institutional clients from the information sources believed to be reliable, but no representation or warranty (expressly or implied) is made
as to their accuracy, correctness and/or completeness.
This report shall not be construed as an offer, invitation or solicitation to buy or sell any securities of the company(ies) referred to herein. Past performance should
not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made regarding future performance.
The recipient of this report should understand and comprehend the investment objectives and its related risks, and where necessary consult their own independent
financial advisers prior to any investment decision.
Where any part of the information, opinions or estimates contained herein reflects the personal views and opinions of the analyst who prepared this report, such
views and opinions may not correspond to the published views or investment decisions of China Galaxy International Financial Holdings Limited and any of its
subsidiaries ("China Galaxy International"), directors, officers, agents and employees ("the Relevant Parties").
All opinions and estimates reflect the judgment of the analyst on the date of this report and are subject to change without notice. China Galaxy International and/or
the Relevant Parties hereby disclaim any of their liabilities arising from the inaccuracy, incorrectness and incompleteness of this report and its attachment/s and/or
any action or omission made in reliance thereof. Accordingly, this report must be read in conjunction with this disclaimer.
Disclosure of Interests
China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd. (6881.HK; 601881.CH) is the direct and/or indirect holding company of the group of companies under China Galaxy International.
China Galaxy International may have financial interests in relation to the subjected company(ies) the securities in respect of which are reviewed in this report, and
such interests aggregate to an amount may equal to or more than 1 % of the subjected company(ies)' market capitalization.
One or more directors, officers and/or employees of China Galaxy International may be a director or officer of the securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this
report.
China Galaxy International and the Relevant Parties may, to the extent permitted by law, from time to time participate or invest in financing transactions with the
securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this report, perform services for or solicit business from such company(ies), and/or have a position or holding, or other
material interest, or effect transactions, in such securities or options thereon, or other investments related thereto.
China Galaxy International may have served as manager or co-manager of a public offering of securities for, or currently may make a primary market in issues of, any
or all of the entities mentioned in this report or may be providing, or have provided within the last 12 months, significant advice or investment services in relation
to the investment concerned or a related investment or investment banking services to the company(ies) mentioned in this report.
Furthermore, China Galaxy International may have received compensation for investment banking services from the company(ies) mentioned in this report within
the preceding 12 months and may currently seeking investment banking mandate from the subject company(ies).
Analyst Certification
The analyst who is primarily responsible for the content of this report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer covered in this report:
(1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject, securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is,
or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by the analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the securities covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will deal
in or trade in the securities covered in this research report three business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong-
listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong-listed companies covered in this report.
Explanation on Equity Ratings
share price will increase by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
BUY
SELL
share price will decrease by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
no clear catalyst, and downgraded from BUY pending clearer signal to reinstate BUY or further downgrade to outright SELL
HOLD
Copyright Reserved
No part of this material may be reproduced or redistributed without the prior written consent of China Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Co., Limited.
20/F, Wing On Centre, 111 Connaught Road Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong. General line: 3698-6888.