q3 Performance exceeded expectations, advanced design dram R & D summary evaluation report/electronic components issued on the evening of October 27, Quasi Innovation announcement: (1) The company realized business income from January to September 2017
1517 million yuan, representing an increase of 44.69 per cent in the same year; net return profit of 339 million yuan, representing an increase of 134.74 per cent in the same year; and cooperation agreements signed between the two parties for the development of a 12-inch crystal circle (including dram) of the 19nm process in the economic development area of the city, with a budget of approximately 18 billion yuan.
The o3 performance exceeded expectations and benefited from higher prices caused by the global demand for and supply of noorflash \triangleright of $446 million, with q3 actually performing above expectations, considering that q4 was still a sales season. (1) Combined Māori ratio
(iv) During the reporting period, the non-recurring gains and losses of companies had an impact on performance of $49,501.5 million.3 The growth in performance has largely benefited from the rise in the price of products brought about by the scarcity of global norflash. The company is the fifth largest global norflash manufacturer, which recently secured production capacity through a cooperation agreement with a domestic proxy plant.
It will continue to benefit from the noorflash upward trend, which will drive high performance growth. In the medium term, Mcu will develop an advanced 19nm processdram memory, laying down the basis for future growth, and companies will enter into cooperative agreements with co-fertilizers, and companies will conduct 19 nm in the Fertilizer Economic Technology Development Area.
R & D of the 12-inch crystal circle (including dram) of the memory, with the goal of developing it by 31 December 2018
2 and dram continues to be in short supply. According to the UC consultancy, the supply growth rate for the dram industry in 2018 is only 19.6%, while demand growth will reach 20.6% and supply oversupply will continue; and the production capacity of the Samsung and Ssk Hercules will be available as soon as possible in 2019, and there are no plans for a new plant.
3. Fertilizers have been set up in the dram, with a total investment of RMB 49.4 billion for the construction of 19 nm 1. People ' s electronics industry event evaluation: the National Storage Technology dram project, which will produce 125,000 drams per month.
The project is progressing well and the equipment and materials benefit is expected to achieve synergies and share design experience and advantages with respect to storage. 2 Mt. Innovations (603986) Corporate rating: large base
4. The company, which is the lead company in the design of the domestic memory chip, has now received a “big fund” in the form of a “big fund” in the form of a joint gold strategy, a company's financial reporting guide to a flash of events, and a 19nm technology node dram technology, which is expected to take advantage of the company's work in the development of the memory.
Business experience, increased dram technology reserves, laying the foundation for companies’ future long-term growth. Noorflash supply will remain tight next year, and global prices are expected to continue to rise next year.
According to the Global Noorflash Large Factory's three-quarterly report and the Law, the netflashq 3 battalion received a 23% increase, or 36% increase in the same year; the volume ring grew by 3%, or 31% increase in the same year, and there are no future expansion plans to upgrade the capacity of existing equipment through line adjustments.
The lack of supply and demand is likely to stabilize until next year, with high-capacity and high-quality defaults not improving for the next year. According to digitimes, the contract price for the fourth quarter of noorflash is expected to stop the company from buying Beijing, but we still look at the company’s medium- and long-term development.
The Division will serve as one of the industrial platforms where national storage strategies are located. Companies are the world’s leading flash chip and mcu suppliers, the tight supply of benefit flash chip and the continued price hikes and high performance elasticities associated with growing demand.
The prices of raw materials, such as crystal circle, fluctuate; the prices of raw materials, such as crystal circle, fall short of expectations; and the research and development of 3 and dram fall short of expectations. Jung Ping, the head of the tmt group.
The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of the Securities Investment Consultancy Association of China, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from a compliance channel, and the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and independent of any third party.