In the evening of November 29, Moi-Innovative published an announcement to involve fully-owned companies in the process.
The acquisition of a stake in the sale of a sum not exceeding $70 million in Hong Kong dollars.
China-Crystal International is China’s first crystalline industrial enterprise. It is also one of the main crystal-crystal plants for the company’s chip product, with purchases from China-Crysche International from 2014 to 2016 amounting to about 1.2 billion yuan or more of the company’s total purchases.
The development of a virtual Idm cooperation model for storage, which will further deepen the partnership between the two sides, will help safeguard the long-term benefits of the continued price hikes in Norflash, the forward-looking dram field, the construction of the Chinese version of "Might Light", the three-quarterly newspaper and the law of the global norflash factory, and the future of Wang Huan Electronic will not be expanded.
Production plans will be adjusted to enhance the capacity of existing equipment. It is expected that noorflash will be missing at least until next year, where low-capacity supply and demand will be stabilized and high-capacity, high-quality default patterns will not improve for the next year. According to digitimes, noorflash's contract prices are expected for the fourth quarter of the year.
There will be a 15% rise again. Noorflash price increases and expansion of production capacity will be the main driving force behind the growth of corporate performance.2 The agreement between the company and co-fertilizers to jointly invest $18 billion in the development of the 12-inch crystal of the 19nm memory (dram), with the goal of achieving the success of 19 nanodram by 31 December 2018 (good rate)
Light is one of the three storage companies in the world with drams, nad flash stocks, noor flash stocks, etc. Research assistant: Hu Xiaojiang Storage chip product lines, applications in consumer electronics, servers, automobiles, industry, etc. 2017
The company is expected to become the Chinese version of the “American Light” by three product lines: noorflash, nandflash, dram. Investment in the semiconductor industry fund to accelerate the integration of high-quality resources in the semiconductor industry.
In line with the corporate strategy, this investment will accelerate the integration of high-quality projects in the semiconductor industry, drawing on the investment capacity and resource advantages of specialized investment agencies.
The project is progressing well, benefiting from equipment and materials. III. Prospective and investment proposals. 2 Mt. Innovations (603986).
The big fund's strategic equity, and the company will be one of the industrial platforms where the national memory strategy is located. The company's strategic equity, the company's treasury, one of the world's leading flash chip and mcu suppliers, benefits from the tight supply of the flash chip and the growing demand for it.
The ipo project will enrich the company’s product lines and enhance its competitiveness, with one or more crystal round price fluctuations; two, flash price increases below expectations; and three, dram research and development progress below expectations.
JUNG Ping, head of the tmt group. Doctor of Management, China People’s University, head of the business college of China Petroleum University, and head of the business college of China, Ba ' a, entrepreneurship mentor of the Central National University; with nearly 10 years of research experience in the field of tmt, China joined the NLD securities in 2016. Hu Xiaoyi, assistant in electronics studies. Master of Electronics and Solid Electronics, Beijing University logo, Bachelor of Arts in Electronics, Beijing University, and, 2016, the NLD securities.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.