CMB International Securities | Equity Research | Company Update
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Luxshare (002475 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
Strong 2019 finish; Well-positioned in 5G cycle
Target Price
RMB55.4
(Previous TP
RMB32.1)
Up/Downside
+18.0%
Luxshare reported FY19 preliminary revenue/net profit growth of 74%/73% YoY.
Current Price
RMB46.8
Net profit is 24%/14% above our estimates/consensus, and also beat its prior NP
growth guidance of 45-55% YoY. 4Q19 revenue/net profit grew 79%/72% YoY,
China Technology Sector
beating consensus by 36%/38%, thanks to 1) strong AirPods momentum, 2)
iPhone 11 strength and 3) solid growth in comm/auto, in our view. We revised up
Alex Ng
FY20/21E EPS by 34%/39% and raised TP to RMB55.4 based on 42x FY20E
P/E (10% premium to peers). Luxshare is our A-share top pick given
Airpods/Watch potential and major 5G beneficiary into 2020.
Iris Zhang
Strong AirPods momentum into 2020E. In view of stronger-than-expected
AirPods demand and positive customer feedback, we estimate AirPods
shipment to reach 100mn/120mn in FY20E/21E (vs 60mn in FY19), and
Stock Data
Luxshare will ship 65mn units in FY20E, accounting for 50% of FY20E
revenue (vs 42% in FY19). In addition, we believe adoption of SiP packaging
technology and continued spec upgrade (e.g. processor, battery, wireless
charging) in next-gen AirPods will boost ASP upside in FY20E/21E.
Riding on Apple 5G product cycles. We believe Luxshare will continue to
expand into Apple supply chain in 2020E ranging from Macbook/ iPad to
Shareholding Structure
iPhone and wearables (Watch/ AirPods). Luxshare is set to benefit from
iPhone 11/SE2 volume growth in 1H20E, and further gain share allocation
in new 5G iPhones in 2H20E, leveraging strong product portfolio of antenna,
acoustics, haptics and wireless charging. We estimate non-Airpods revenue
Share Performance
from Apple will account for 24%/22% of revenue in FY20E/21E.
Well-positioned to capture 5G opportunities. Looking ahead, Luxshare is
well-placed to capture growth opportunities in 5G era backed by its solid
product roadmap, including 1) massive MIMO and compact filter-antenna
and 2) optical solutions in datacenter/telecom. In the meantime, Luxshare is
12-mth Price Performance
also aggressively expanding Vietnam capacity to diversify tariff risks.
Our FY20/21E NP are 21%/16% above consensus. Raise TP to RMB55.4.
We revised up our FY20/21E net profit by 34%/29% and revenue by 35%/32%
to factor in stronger AirPods shipment and ASP. Hence, we lifted our TP to
RMB55.4, based on higher 42x FY20E P/E, 10% premium to peers of 37x
given stronger earnings growth and promising growth profile. Upcoming
catalysts include stronger AirPods shipment and 5G iPhone launch.
Earnings Summary
Source: Bloomberg
Auditor: BDO
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimate
Earnings Revision
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Figure 3: CMBI estimates vs consensus
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Figure 4: Revenue breakdown
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Figure 5: P&L forecast
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Valuation
Reiterate BUY and rasied TP to RMB55.4 (18% upside)
We derived our 12m TP of RMB55.4 based on 42x FY20E P/E, 10% premium to its peers
of 37.8x. We believe this is justified as Luxshare continues to deliver strong earnings growth,
market share gain and product expansion to capture 5G and wireless opportunities in next
3-5 years.
Upcoming catalysts include stronger AirPods shipment, launch of iPhone in 2H20E and
China 5G subs ramp. Major risks include weaker AirPods demand, weaker yield
improvement and slower integration of acquired businesses.
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS, * TP under review
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Financial Summary
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors.
CMBIS does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives,
financial position or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from
that which is contained in the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a
result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should
independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to
make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of
CMBIS or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security
or any interest in securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers
or employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information
contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available
and reliable. CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness.
CMBIS provides the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice.
CMBIS may issue other publications having information and/or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption,
point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent
with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself
and/or on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business
relationships with the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect
the objectivity of this report and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only
and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written
consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion)
Order 2005 (as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies,
Unincorporated Associations, etc..) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
This report is intended for distribution in the United States to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US, institutional investor that receives a copy
of this research report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this research report to any other person.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser
as defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute
reports produced by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of
the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or
an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents
of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising
from, or in connection with the report.