Through the cycle, above the wind - rhesus hydraulic depth report series II __
Since 2016, as one of the representative companies in the mechanical industry, the constant hydraulic pressure has been exceeding expectations, giving investors a steady and generous return, and by 2020, 30th anniversary of the company's establishment, 10th anniversary of its listing, how the company grew from a small tank factory to a thousand.
Large companies with a billion market value? What has this step been through? At this point in time, how do we look at the company’s valuation and future growth?
The right time to do the right thing, from the oil tank to the pump valve, captures two cycles of excavators.
The Director's Triangular Area, with a full supply chain. 3 people and 3 people. Good and non-repelicable management teams (right people for jobs, focus, strong resource integration) + strong crisis awareness (business culture, deep-cycle industry, high risk control awareness).
At a slower pace than expected, downstream price competition intensified, and cost-side pressures passed upstream.
(b) Products: from the excavator series to the non-digging series, diversification; 3) Clients: Excavator valves are currently dominated by domestic customers and will be expanded to the top overseas.
The third stage of the stock price explosion begins: the Indian factory, the Central Digger.
Start of the second round of stock prices: start of the first round of stock prices: start of small batch certificates for small dig pump valves
Aorpartoparto Huaan Study: Expanding the value of investment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The company is the core subject of the chain of excavators, and if the company is viewed from a cyclical point of view, there is greater volatility in its performance when the excavator industry goes down the cycle at an accelerated rate. Unlike the market view, we believe that the growth and scarcity of integrated companies, with the company’s current value attributes highlighted, should not be viewed in terms of traditional cyclical shares ... as follows:
Scarcity: High barriers + high-quality customer binding, high industrial chain status 1 high barriers to entry into the hydraulics industry, and very high short-term barriers to entry. Companies capture the rapid growth of downstream industries, from tanks to pump valves, a first-strike product, the hydraulics industry itself is technology-intensive, financial barriers, scale barriers, and so on, making entry difficult in the short term.
The country, where Caterpillar is more dependent on company products as a customer, has successfully applied for a tariff exemption, and trade frictions have less impact on company operations, which is a strong indication of the undeplaceability of company products. The company’s share of dredging canisters is now over 50%, and there is still little room for increasing the company’s share of canisters with downstream customers such as Trinity, Xudu, and others.
Two companies have high-quality customers and high-value industrial chains. The company's clients are of high quality and brand advantage. The main customers of excavators' hydraulic products include: Caterpillar, Stifler, Trinity, and Xu. The main customers of the shield hydraulics are: Central Iron Engineering, Iron Man, Matsu, Yoki-kun, Robbins, and others. Seafarers' maritime customers include: ttts, McKegar, National Oil Wells, etc.: New energy equipment customers include Gomi-Yung,
Vistas et al. Industrial hydraulic products clients include Haitian, Immy, Andretz, etc. Special vehicle customers include Manitovak, Trex, etc. Corporate customers are of high quality, brand effects are evident, and years of collaboration and accumulation create a clear pre-emptive advantage for companies, creating stronger entry barriers for potential competitors, and adequately safeguarding the company’s future potential for steady growth in market shares in hydraulic industries and continuity of profitability.
Hwayan Research — Expanding Investment Value — Scarce + Growing Cast is highly valued, hundreds of billions of dollars in market value Growth : product expansion + global layout, strong corporate performance ironing
In comparison with the sales of excavators of 32 per cent, 25 per cent and 43 per cent, we can discuss the following two dimensions: 1 product: while the company ' s revenue from the excavator tank has declined as the volume of the excavator industry has fallen, the composite acceleration in the three stages of the excavator tank ' s revenue is not 78 per cent, -18 per cent, 52 per cent, higher than the sales in the excavator industry; and there are no apparent cyclical fluctuations in the company ' s non-target products, the revenue scale has continued to expand and the total revenue has increased.
With the future diversification of the company’s business layout, new customers, new players, such as non-barrel tanks and non-pump valves, motors, castings, etc., are key players in smoothing performance, and profit stability will continue to increase.
Japan’s sales subsidiary, currently owns four research and development centres in Changzhou, Shanghai, Chicago, and Berlin, including eight manufacturing bases in Chicago, North America, covering more than 20 countries and territories around the world. The company’s business earnings in foreign markets continue to grow, with three stages of cagr – 38 per cent, 82 per cent, and 34 per cent, respectively – strongly supporting corporate overall performance at the bottom of the domestic dredging industry.
The bottom logic behind excellence, chart: the bottom logic of the constant hydraulic pressure.
Hwayan Research: Expanding the value of investment 30 years ago, creating a brand of national hydraulics leadership, a vast market for hydraulics, and the rise of national production poles.
The bottom logic behind the greatness, the constant quality, the global, the first 30 years ahead, the brand of the national production hydraulics.
Huaann Research — Expanding Investment Value 1.1 Step by Step 1 1
After 30 years of growth, the company ' s domestic market held more than 50% of the oil tank, making it the first brand of a global tank for excavators.
The company was listed successfully in 2011, with large-scale investment in high-end hydraulic pump valves. After several years of continuous research and development, coupled with extended acquisitions to introduce advanced technology, the company achieved a significant breakthrough in hydraulic pump valve products.
First Platoon of High-end Hydraulic Equipment Chart: 30 years ahead, leading the brand of National Production Hydraulics
1.1 Hydraulic taps growing up with the excavator market
2012: Successful M & A acquisition of Waco, Germany, 2011: The Changju Wujin factory was completed and became the world ' s largest tank production base.
2012: Merger and purchase of Shanghai New Hydraulics Limited. Establishment of American and Japanese subsidiaries. Permanent 2015: Merger and purchase of German Berlin high pressure foundry.
Cascade Pumping Company Haweinline 2017: Permanent Worker in Chicago 2010: Qualified vendor for Caterpillar.
In 2005, a limited department of the Jiangsu Heungli high-pressure tank was set up, and the Changzhou snow mill was made operational.
1999: The special tank for excavators was developed successfully and started to support engineering and mechanical enterprises such as Tamsai, Willow, Trinity and Xu.
Huaann Research — Expanding the value of investment — 1.2 products are complete, creating an overall solution supplier for hydraulics Enhanced capacity + extended M & As, actively expanding the line of operations.
Since the introduction of sanitation vehicles and mechanical hydraulic tank products into the hydraulic field in 1992, the capacity of companies has been increasing.
The largest tank production base. In 2012, investments were made in hydraulic pump valves to acquire R & D production of various industrial valves in Shanghai Lizheng (60%) main camp: and construction.
A high-precision foundry plant to provide for the production of pump valve elements Acquisition of high-pressure heavy-load pump from the main camp (100 per cent) in Haweinline, Germany, in 2015, drawing on key technologies;
In 2018, corporate pump valves were produced on a scale and the company supplied fabrics for hydraulic systems integration and hydraulic packages.
1.2 Product-comprehensive, build overall solution for hydraulics
• 1.3 Companies bind high-quality customers, high-value industrial chains, and the products of companies are widely used in:
(b) In industrial applications such as shielding machines and emplacing machines, where the share of the domestic market in hydraulic tanks used by companies for shielding machines exceeds 70 per cent;
New energy areas, such as photovoltaic power and wind power generation, will be expanded in the application of corporate products, thanks to the company’s increasing brand power and the ability to develop new products.
Huaann Research – Expanding Investment Values – 1.3 Companies bind high-quality customers, high-quality industrial chains, high-quality corporate customers, and a clear brand advantage. Working with domestic and foreign mainframes over the years has created a clear pre-emptive advantage that fully secures the company’s future.
The potential for steady growth in the market share of the hydraulic industry and continuity of profitability.
(a) Shields: Central Iron Engineering, Iron Construction Heavy Worker, Matsunaga, Yotsu, Robbins, etc.: Industrial hydraulic products: Haiten, Immi, Andretz, etc.: Maritime Industry: Tts, McKill, National Oil Wells, etc.:
Special vehicles: Manitoba, Trex, etc.
• 1.4 There is still room for improvement in corporate product structure and steady growth in performance, as well as in corporate overall Māori ratios.
▪ 1.4 Industry down-cycle increases in R & D and capital spending, industry up-front flowering results, company listing in 2011 coincides with industry starting down-line, company re-cyclical investment in tanks, pump valves, castings, etc., 2011-2014 Capital spending has been high since the market, at an average annual rate of $500 million, and reached a short-term peak of $567 million in 2013, and in this phase, the steady-drawling tank Mäori.
The rate has been down, from 43.75 per cent in 2011 to 25.17 per cent in 2015, after which capital expenditure declined, the Māori rate recovered steadily, and capital expenditure increased in 2018 in the short term due to investment in the Castile 2 tank technology conversion project, and the Māori rate of the excavator tank is currently at around 40 per cent.
Table: Māori rates for different products of the company
Table: Gross, net interest rates rising from low to lower, cost-control effects are significant
1.4 The company ' s product is rich in structure and its performance is steadily increasing by 1.353 billion yuan, or 40.4 per cent and 25.0 per cent, respectively; in the non-scopic tank, the highest percentage of income is realized in the lift series, 48.8 per cent, followed by other areas such as shielding, marine industry and new energy, 24.5 per cent, 15.8 per cent and 10.9 per cent, respectively, and will continue to consolidate the public sector through the expansion of the future confluence of the dredging industry with non-square tank applications.
Table: Significant growth in the scale of oil tank, pump valve operations
Table: Production and sales of tank products, 2011-2019: income from tank operations in 2019 reached 65.4 per cent
1.4.1 There is still room for improvement in the city of the tankers, where the number of excavators is over 50%. According to the company network, the city of the excavator is now 50% of the domestic market, and there is still room for a small increase in the company ' s share of the tank, as the number of downstream customers, i.e., Xu, increases. The global market of the excavator canisters is 30% and will continue to rise as the sea rises.
The opening of the foreign market is expected to continue to increase its share, as shown by the share of the city of the Arsenal oil tank, and by the share of the city of Xu's excavator, as shown in table XXXI.
Hwaan Research — Expanding Investment Values 1.4.2 Pump valves are growing rapidly, starting to be released after small digs, and pump valve revenues are increasing at a high rate. The share of corporate pump valves has been rising since the beginning of the world, from 2016.
Pump valves. Since the company ' s small-divide pump valves achieved bulk supply in 2017, production capacity has continued to increase; after the client validation period in 2019, the central and large-divide pump valves have been continuously integrated into the main engine type of the downstream mainframe, entering the phase of synchronization of production and sales, and the company pump valve line has been fully operational.
Table: Pump valve operations maintained at a high rate of growth since 2016
Table: The city of the small dig pump valves continues to rise, the city of the small and medium dig pump valves continues to rise, the pump of the big digs, the valves rise in space, we use the January-June pumps,
The aggregate production of the valves is based on a rough calculation of the city ' s share: there is still a large amount of room for improvement in the low-scale, low-pump-valve city on average of about 40 per cent, medium-draw average, and large-pump valves.
Table: Small, medium and large-scale pump valves, September 2018 - 2020
The strategy will continue to have the effect of increasing the size of the income and hedgeing the risks of a single market, with less short-term adverse effects: foreign income cagr reached 56 per cent in 2011 - 2011, and foreign income share has increased significantly since 2011
The company continues to push for the opening of global markets by acquiring global brands such as Harwiinline Hydraulics, Japanese apparel artery, and creating American and Japanese sales.
Companies, which currently have four research and development centres in Changzhou, Shanghai, Chicago, and Berlin, including eight manufacturing bases in Chicago, North America, covering more than 20 countries and regions around the world. Companies’ operating earnings in foreign markets continue to grow and support corporate performance as a whole at the lower stage of the domestic dredging industry.
Hoverinline Hydraulics (Chicago), Germany.
Netherlands & Denmark & Belgium Service Centre Shanghai New Hydraulic Co. Ltd. Jiangsu Hisung Hydraulic Co. Ltd.
Jiangsu Helium Hydraulic Technology Co. Ltd., Indian Service Centre, Helium Hydraulic foundries.
The Brasil Service Center, Changzhou Station Aerodynamics Ltd.
The Australian Service Centre, II. The market for hydraulics is vast, and the country's production is rising.
The global market for hydraulics is estimated to be more than 200 billion yuan (Euro30 billion) in 2018 and 3.12% in 2008-2018. Hydraulic transmission devices, as the core components of global manufacturing, are central to high-end manufacturing, with extremes in materials, processes, accuracy, etc.
High demand, characterized by large investments and long R & D cycles, has led to a high entry threshold for the industry. The country has become the world’s second-largest market in 2017, with the world’s top four markets being Middle East Day, with local sales accounting for 34.0 per cent, 28.0 per cent, 10.9 per cent, and 6.0 per cent, respectively.
Figure: Global hydraulic market size close to €30 billion. Figure: Overseas hydraulic market space is about 2.5 times domestic.
According to the China Association of Hydraulic Hydraulic Seals Industry, the total volume of domestic sales of hydraulic systems, including the backloading market, and related accessories was estimated to be 60.3 billion yuan in 2018. Although our hydraulic industry started late, it benefited from China’s fast-paced growth and construction period since the reform and opening of China.
In addition to the $4 trillion economic stimulus plan of 2008, the industry is growing rapidly with high downstream demand. From the point of view of industry output, the production value of hydraulics increased from $26.9 billion to $41.6 billion in 2009 - 2011 and the value of cagr to 24.36% in 2018, and is estimated to be $53.1 billion in 2018. Hydraulics are widely applied downstream, and engineering machinery is a core area of demand.
Metallurgical machinery, etc., of which engineering machinery in the first largest area of application accounted for 35.39 per cent and the size was approximately $21.3 billion.
Huaansecurities Huaann Research: Expanding Investment Values
• 2.2 Patterns: patterns that are largely monopolistic with headlines due to high barriers
Technical difficulties — pressure control techniques .. precision casting processes.
• Power scale control techniques . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
• The cylindrical process — multi-agreement communication technology — special grinding process
• Valve core closed ring control technology . Precision sand core preparation technology . Friction by-product technology
• High-precision boot shut-off technology — high-efficiency cast clean-up technology — double dust-proof lip-axis containment technology
• Dynamic simulation technology for the whole machine • bolts to avoid axle installation technology • high-precision oil pressure balancing technology
Hwayan Research — Expanding Investment Value 2.2 Patterns: The Pattern of Monopolies that are essentially in the Head due to High Barriers
2.2 The rise of the country's hydraulic taps, the development of which is a traditional force in the hydraulic field, the early start-up, the emergence of a large number of industrial champions, the kyb (Japan) in the oil tank, the Kawasaki (Japan), Liszler (Germany), Patrick Hanney (United States) and Eton (United States) in the field of high-end pump valves, which have a long history, multiplicity of operations, global layout.
Large income, larger market share in high-end products and high market concentration. Figure: Comparison of major overseas competitors (data up to 201224)
2.2 The rise of the domestic production hydraulic taps, the high barriers to entry in the hydraulics industry, and the short-term difficulties of entry. Few domestic players, currently on the market, are just constant, Eddie can do it, companies take advantage of the opportunities of the domestic hydraulics industry, from tanks to pump valves, products at once, the hydraulics industry itself is technology-intensive, financial barriers, scale barriers, etc.
Multi-year collaboration and accumulation have created a clear pre-emptive advantage for companies, creating stronger entry barriers for potential competitors, and fully safeguarding the company’s future potential for steady growth and profitability in its share of the market in the hydraulic sector.
Underlying the excellent stock price, the bottom logic.
(b) Products: from the excavator series to the non-digging series, diversification; 3) Clients: Excavator valves are now dominated by domestic customers and will be extended to foreign leaders in the future.
The bottom logic behind the excellence... the chart: the bottom logic of the constant hydraulic pressure.
Subcontractors move from quality to value for money, humans work together instead of pure manual work, pro-cyclically.
Urbanized capital investment resilience (heavy machinery, mine machinery, tunnels)
• Whether per capita income generation will continue to increase
The total cost lead strategy, supply chain integration, home-made casting.
Sales representatives, business outlets, customer sticky, product diversification, high end, product and brand power.
Hwayan Research — Expanding Investment Values — The Way to Growth in the Future (High Valued Reasons for Growth in Performance Certainly) Chart: Growth of the Helium Hydraulic Pump valves - Three-step Strategy
Excavator - walking Excavator pump valves expanded well, with small, medium and large-scale excavation products coming in sequentially, with four main components: dredging drills, car hangers, cement pump vehicles, high
In 2020, the pump valves and motors were planned for the four above-mentioned sectors, and the industrial sector, owing to the small volume of procurement, was divided into multiple areas and individualized features.
Obviously, it is planned to use walking machines for generalization applications using pump valves and to do a full series of extensions for different industrial areas.
Ping Bei Bei is in the dark: half-crowd, thousands of women are talking about Kokawa, four, scarcity + growth -- the ability to iron the cycle.
The data and information used in this report are based on publicly available information in the market, without any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, or that the information and recommendations contained in the report will not change.
I do not have, do not have, do not have, nor will I receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.