The epidemic accelerates the process of national production substitution, and the company's performance is as good as ever. Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) q3, with the company earning $1,867 million, an increase of 79.38 per cent over the same period, with a net return to the mother of 486 million.
The q3 performance overall met expectations, looking at q3 alone, except for the currency exchange impact (US$90 million in exchange losses), and the non-mortality net profit increased by 190.41% over the same period. We think that the growth path of the company is very clear.
The product itself has high barriers and its customers are sticky, so it is scarce; the product lines are rich and new markets are growing and growing. Higher profitability forecasts are maintained, and “buy-in” ratings are maintained.
The higher expectations in the excavator industry, the direct benefit of upstream spare parts suppliers, and the higher corporate performance of 236,508 excavators in January-September 2020, compared to +31.98 per cent in January-September 2020, the overall supermarket forecast of work, behind the high growth in sales, indicate a comparison of client performance with the commencement of downstream projects in 2021.
With optimism and confidence in the machine, the high profile of the engineering and machinery industry is expected to continue in 2021, and against the background of the over-expected industry, the company collected $5,323 million in the first three quarters of the industry, compared to 38.86 per cent, of which: the same revenue for the dredging tank was +35 per cent, the sales of the subsidiary hydraulic technology pumps increased significantly, and hydraulic pressure increased.
Revenue from technology increased by 94 per cent over the same period, with the company ' s net return profit of 1,472 million in the previous three quarters, an increase of 60.5 per cent, due to pump valves, significant scale effects and higher profitability. > The company ' s Māori rate has increased significantly, its profitability has increased and its performance is of high quality.
Māori: The combined Māori rate was 42.25 per cent in January-September 2020, compared to +5.7 pct, and we judge that the scale effect of the increase in sales on the one hand, and the product structure on the other, were optimized, with a high value.
The Māori rate has risen considerably in the amount of medium- and large-digger valve products.
With the exception of financial costs, which have been affected by exchange losses, there has been a downward trend in all other rates, and the level of corporate cost control has increased further. In the context of the increase in the Māori rate and the decline in the cost rate, the profitability of companies has continued to increase, with a January-September 2020 net interest rate of 27.72 per cent, compared with 3.76 pct.
We believe that, as companies automate their production lines in the future, the efficiency gains are evident, while the share of medium- and large-scale pump valves with high future values will rise and net interest rates will remain on the rise. Cash flows: net operating cash flows of 1,337 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2020, an increase of 13.97 per cent over the same period.
The net operating cash flow is slightly lower than the parent ' s net profit for the same period (US$ 1,472 million), and we judge that the overall quality of operations remains high due to the settlement of part of the orders of the mainframe by paper, on the one hand, and the company ' s active preparation (purchase of raw materials) for the q4 season.
>According to the niche of the tank, pump valves will gradually open up the market, breaking the foreign brand monopoly, and national substitution will accelerate. Scarcity: the hydraulics industry has high barriers to entry, and entry is difficult in the short term.
Hydraulic industry development opportunities, ranging from tanks to pump valves, once a product is in a game, hydraulics industry itself is technology-intensive, financial barriers, scale barriers, and so on, determines how hard it is to enter the industry in the short term. Companies bind high-quality customers, with high-quality industrial chains.
The branding effect is clear and dependent on the company's products. Years of collaboration and accumulation have created a clear pre-emptive advantage for the company, forming a stronger entry barrier for potential competitors, fully safeguarding the company's future potential for steady growth and profitability in the market share of the hydraulic industry.
Growth: Epidemic Accelerating Hydraulic Substitution Process, where companies have nearly 50% of the oil tank, and in the future, mainly by increasing the concentration of downstream mainframe plants and expanding the growth of new customers abroad. Pump valves produce elastic performance, and we calculate the market share by a rough amount of pump and valve production in January-September:
At the moment, the city of the small-divide pump valves has an average of about 45%, about 25% and less than 10%, there is much room for improvement in the future, and performance growth is certain. We believe that the company’s growth path is clear, the product’s own barriers are high, and the customer’s stickyness is high.
Continued growth in release, accelerated replacement of the national production of the hydraulic core components. Maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Figure 3 shows a steady rise in overseas revenue under the overseas layout, a three-stage compound increase in revenue from the diggers, and a three-phase increase in revenue from the non-square cylinders.
The global layout of the long-standing hydraulic pressure, the flat-digger oil tank, over 50%, the downstream customers of Chart 8, the Xudu excavator market, rising.
Figure 112019 income composition of non-barrel tanks Figure 13 Increases in the size of pump valve operations
The ratio of R & D costs to the relative stability The trend in figure 20 is in sync with operating cash flows The epidemic is under control; counter-cyclical adjustments are weak; capital and real estate investments are declining significantly; overseas investments are declining.
Use legally compliant information, produce the present report independently and objectively, use the data and information used in this report from the market, do not provide any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of these messages, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report will be used only for information purposes. I have not been, have not been, will not be, and will not be receiving, directly or indirectly, any form of recommendation or opinion in this report.