tclTechnology (000100.sz) Large-sized panel prices are rising steadily, semiconductor shows 2q23 ring losses.
A net profit ring growth rate of 2023. 1h23 collects 85,149 million yuan (Yoy0.74 per cent) and 15,86 per cent (qoq 15.86 per cent) of the net profit of the mother, 889 million yuan, resulting in a negative gain on the ring. To benefit from the good supply side, the prices of mainstream products have risen steadily, and the company semiconductor has shown a significant improvement in business collections and profits;
S098052108001 New energy photovoltaic and semiconductor material operations and high profit growth. Semiconductors show a decline in the second quarter of operations and an increase in profitability. 1h23 semiconductors shows a gain in operations.
In the field, tcl. High-generation t1 , t2, t9, t104 8-generation plants and t6, inches and above, 78%, 55 inches and 75 inches are the world ' s first, 65 inches.
The medium-sized area accelerates itt and vehicle layouts, and the small-sized area expands the vr/ar and exclusive market. In the medium-sized area, the tclstar 6-generation ltps production extension project is proceeding as planned, positioning it in the medium-sized dimension.
t9 lines of service, including vehicles, have successfully climbed the slopes, completed the import of business items such as trade shows, monitors, pens, etc. The medium-size business has grown rapidly, with 21% revenue. With the fast penetration of the ltps panel in the new energy vehicle, the company ltps has significantly increased its load.
Through t3 and t4 six-generation focus ltps and flexible high-end products, the market share of the ltps mobile panel in the first half of the year is third in the world, and the market share of the flexible < < < < < < > > > . Looking forward to some of the product-sized product prices rebounding in the second half of the year, and small-sized product prices are stable, and operations are expected to improve significantly.
Building on technological advantages to consolidate market niches and accelerate the internationalization of high-value market shares. Companies continue to expand their advanced production capacity to take full advantage of the size, cost, and market advantages of g12 products, and expand their leadership in the field of photovoltaic materials.
165gw, the world’s largest market for photovoltaic silicon. The company is actively promoting off-shore geochemical operations, with a tcl mesoring joint venture with Saudi Visionindustries to create the Middle East crystal crystal production capacity, and to strengthen synergies with Maceon’s battery assemblies in Malaysia, the Philippines, etc.
tclTechnology (000100.sz)-2022 net profit under pressure, 2023 lcd panel Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions from any third party by reasoned judgement or conclusion; authors have not done so in the past, now or in the future.