The world's mdi producers have increased their prices and demand has underpinned the industry's climate.
• Investment rating: higher than (maintenance) price increases of $300/ton for ASEAN and South Asian region lupranatemdi (ms grade) on 7 January, followed by an increase of $300/ton on 10 January for regional tdi products, mainly due to sustainable business development and the continuing increase in transport, energy and regulatory costs;
On January 15, 2025, Huanhua chemistry announced an upward revision of the prices of the ASEAN region of mdi and tdi at $200/tonne each; Hensmae increased the prices of mdi and its mdi-based polyurethane system products by Euro125/tonne from February 1, 2025 for Europe, Africa, the Middle East and India; and South Korea’s last offer of $2,200/tonne to China’s region’s polymer mdi in February, an increase of $100/tonne from the December offer.
(b) Demand-side benefits from the use of old and new policies, such as costumes and cars, which are expected to be more supportive of the convergence of mdi landscapes; and (c) the proposed new mdi production capacity worldwide, mainly from wand chemistry, which is being steadily advanced by new companies;
4) The company, as the leader of the polyurethane industry, has a solid profit guarantee, while the new project is steadily moving forward. We maintain the company’s 2024-2026 mdi climate rises, prices have been raised successively, and prices of mdi and tdi products have been raised in recent times by major global polyurethane firms, covering a number of regional markets.
In ASEAN and South Asia, the price was raised by $300/tonne for lupranatemdi (ms grade), followed on 10 January by an announcement of an upscaling of USD 200/tonne for mdi and tdi from the same region on 15 January, and by an increase of Euro125/tonne in the price of mdi and its mdi-based polyurethane system for Europe, Africa, the Middle East and India from 1 February 2025.
The price of the mdi market increased from the beginning of the year and, according to excellent information, on 7 February 2025, the market price of the summdi and the net mdi market was $18,875/tonne, respectively.
During the month, 100.5 million tons were exported by polymer mdi, i.e. 87 per cent of the year, 2 per cent of the ring; 0.95 million tons were exported by pure mdi, i.e. 41 per cent of the year, and 19 per cent of the ring.mdi social stocks were relatively low in terms of stocks, especially polymer mdi.
Figure 2: Pure mdi price-to-price differential (M/T) Figure 3: Tdi price-to-price differential (M/T) Figure 4: Polymeric and purely mdi monthly social stock (tonnes)
Figure 5: Monthly imports and exports of polymer mdi (tonnes) Figure 6: Monthly imports and exports of pure mdi (tonnes) Figure 7: Monthly production of polymers and pure mdi (tonnes)
In December 2024, the production of our refrigerators rose by 4.9 per cent compared to the production of domestic refrigerators by 10.3 per cent compared to the production of domestic refrigerators; the export of 6.36 million refrigerators increased by 10.7 per cent compared to the same rate; and the production of freezers continued to be higher than the same rate, and the export market was better, supporting the atmosphere. On January 5, 2025, the country undertook a national development reform.
The Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of Finance issued a circular on the implementation of a large-scale equipment upgrade and consumer replacement policy in 2025, which provides for increased support for the replacement of household electricity products with old ones, active support for the replacement of household consumer goods, and improvement of vehicle replacement and replacement subsidy standards, among others.
The Japanese Tung Cao installation temporarily stopped on 17 January and the offer was suspended; the Korean Kanhu installation plan started for one month in early February (another 200,000 tonnes/year in full operation); the Korean Basfmdi installation plan was scheduled for about one month on 9 February; and the Japanese Koths system for 70,000 tons/year in March was scheduled for one month.
The proposed new mdi production capacity worldwide comes mainly from Humhua chemistry tons, which is the main source of energy growth. Recently, the Humhua chemistry (Ningbo) technology improvement project published an environmental protection acceptance announcement for the completion of a new 600,000 mdi capacity this year. On October 25, 2024, Humhua chemistry (Fukugi) 1.5 million tons/year mdi technologies were integrated.
Several new projects of the company are advancing steadily. The company ' s larger construction projects, in addition to the polyurethane technology conversion project, are expected to start production in 2025 with a second phase of 1.2 million tons of ethylene technology adaptation.
The company ' s annual production of 10,000 tons of vanilla and phase 2 of the nutrients industry chain project was re-evaluated and refined chemicals and new material business plates re-emerged. Shannon is a widely used food additive, mainly as a fragrance and flavour agent. The annual production of 10,000 tons of vanilla chain project invested $1.74 billion in three new production units under the project, 50,000 tons per year of phenol units (bp unit), 12,000 tons per year of perioxyphenol.
/neoethylphenol units (mp units) and 10,000 tonnes/year of methyl vinyl/ethyl vinol units (vn units) and accompanying public works. The nutrients phase II project invested $150 million, mainly in the construction of new carotide synthesis (crs) units and carrot formulations (crp) units, with a total product capacity of 236.2 tonnes/year of nutrient crystals, by-product of 349.9 tonnes/year of triphenyl oxythioxylene (tpp0), and 1250 tonnes/year of nutrient formulations.
The company, as the leader of the polyurethane industry, has a solid profit guarantee, while the new project is steadily moving forward. We maintain that the company ' s return project for 2024-2026 is not as productive as expected; that the price of raw materials is rising; and that downstream demand is not as good as expected.The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; and that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and is based on reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author