Volkswagen Chemical (600309) fast-tracked performance in 2024.
The sales volume and sales earnings of the company's main product segments of its business have been growing on a year-on-year basis, while at the same time strengthening trade operations controls, careful recognition of revenues, a decline in trade revenues on a year-on-year basis, and an increase of 3.83 per cent in the company's overall business income in 2024. While sales of the company's main product have continued to grow, they are subject to market prices.
and raw material cost fluctuations, which are largely equal to the overall Māori ratio; continued growth in corporate scientific inputs, with a rise in sales, management, financial costs, etc.; and partial investment projects with a reduction in asset preparation or scrapping, with the company ' s net profit attributed to the shareholders of listed companies in 2024
According to the data of the Mobil, 2024q4, the market price of the polymer mdi is 182,201.61 yuan (yoy+16.13%, qoq+4.00%) and the market price of the pure mdi is $18,646.77 tons.
At the same time, companies are expected to build on technological innovation, expanding their industrial chains, and expanding their production of high-end products, with the prospect of further development.
Weak demand leads to less than expected export risk; risk of domestic macroeconomic fluctuations; risk of sharp fluctuations in raw material prices: increased risk of industrial competition: the occurrence of force majeure events, such as natural or man-made disasters. Note: “Market index” for this rating system,a shares of 300 indexes of depth by reference; and three indexes for the new three-board frame of reference.
The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than “middle and low risk”, a study with a “stable” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, a study with a “positive” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium and high risk”, a study with a “radical” investor who is fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, who has the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investment, and is known independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.