Xanax (600436) pharmaceutical biology has been growing high in a single quarter, slightly out of reach of the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Events: The company issued a fast-track performance report, operating income in 2018, net return profits, withholding non-net profits, operating income, net return profits, deducting non-net profits of approximately $1.21 billion, $210 million, $190 million, and a single-quarter high growth, slightly exceeding market expectations.
With a slower pace of performance in the single quarter of the 2018q3 company, we believe that the return of this fast report is expected to be overmarket. But the information in this announcement is limited, and the following is an analysis: 1) the company ' s annual operating profit rate is about 27.7%, an increase of about 2.2 hundred by the same year.
The share of the Māori product rises. We judge that the income of the 2018q4  series is rising at a rate of about 25-30% per year for the parent company, and that the core product  series continues to expand or exceed the experience shop. To date, there are more than 150 national experience shops, with new openings throughout 2018.
The volume nearly doubled, with sales revenue estimated at 30 per cent or more; the experience shop will continue to be opened in 2019, with a total or close to 200 of them expected to sustain the growth in sales; and (3) derivatives will continue to grow. The main varieties in this area are cosmetics and toothpaste, which are expected to earn over 200 million yuan in 2018 and toothpaste.
With 150 million or more dollars in or over, there is either a surplus or a surplus in performance. (4) In a single quarter, we believe that the pick-up in performance in the quarter is related to the company’s delivery, the Fund’s investment returns, etc. As the shop continues to grow, the empty market is gradually covered, and because the company’s products are scarce and luxury goods.
) Management strategy is clear, with a change from business as usual to active marketing. Current models such as the Light Assets Experience Shop have led to a move from Fujian to South China.
As we move towards China, North China, and the rest of the country, the experience shop model and related policies will continue to advance.a
Qualitative growth, with sustained attention to the sale volumes of the shop's channels; b) strengthening the profit space of the end-of-product price management guarantee channel and the increased market motivation that will facilitate the marketing of the product; 2) scarcity strengthens the pricing logic. There is now increased competition for natural musk demand and scarcity of raw materials across the country.
The consumer end acceptance trend after the last round of price increases is relatively good, with a clear upward trend in prices, and it is expected that there will still be a sustained upward trend and space for prices at both the plant and the terminal levels. As the price of raw materials, such as cow and yellow, increases are evident, and the overall Māori rate for hepatitis drugs dropped by about 3.4 percentage points in the first three quarters of 2018, we believe that the product price increases are expected to remain strong.
3) There are poor market expectations. Company products are unique, scarce and special in their stages of development and deserve high valuation; the musk industry, though tight, is still fragmented within the industry, with weak physical capacity bottlenecks for companies, due to improvements in the number of mussels in the industry, the stock of musk-raising bases in the company, and the fact that the company has an improved supply of musk.
Quotas have been approved, etc., and the supply has been stable.
A better image will drive a series of big health sales, maintain revenue or maintain rapid growth, maintain a “buy-in” rating. (600436): Performance continues to exceed expectations, and continues to grow at a high rate (2018-04-27)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.