Yang Jogi grew by 29.19 per cent over the same year; the net profit of shareholders in listed companies increased by $1.28 billion.
The overall performance was slightly higher than expected, the q4 income increase was more rapid, the non-net profit increase was 43.03 per cent, and the performance was slightly higher than we had previously expected. Separately, we decided that the company's 2018q4 income growth ring was due mainly to two factors:
After q3 control of shipments and clean-up of pipeline stocks, product sales were gradually restored, and second, higher revenue was recognized in 2017 q3 quarter, amounting to $992 million and a single quarter of 2017, with a base of less than 2017 q3, with higher income after sales resumed.
Corporate performance exceeded expectations throughout the year, with a significant increase in the return on q4 investments. The company ' s significant increase in investment earnings from 2018 was mainly due to the participation of the company ' s share-holders in a partnership (limited partnerships): the investment in 2018 was confirmed by the valuation of the project.
208-08-27. According to eye-to-eye information, three foreign investment projects have been invested in the Xiangzhou Film Festival: 1) Kaijia - New Expeditions for Consumer Products of Chinese Medicines: 2018-05-16
Glanny Biological Engineering Co. Ltd., Fujian Province (stock code 4); Tsai Chai (600436.sh): The price of the tiles is up and up, and Genetic Biotechnology Ltd., which is mainly involved in precision detection of tumours; 3) Beijing Ying Ko
Rui Innovative Medicine, Inc., is mainly involved in the drugcro business. We judge that the South Kyoto and Beijing Ying Cory valuation increases were the main reasons for the increase in corporate investment returns in 2018 (based on earlier announcements by the former Nanjing and Northeast Land Pharmacies industry, Nanjing is active).
The high growth and improved profitability in the East is mainly due to the high rate of sales of a series of small-scale products. In the first half of 2018, the price of natural cattle and yellow rose sharply.
By 48%, the cost of the company's raw materials had increased, the Māori rate had declined, the company had a good reason to raise prices for its products, and the 19-year expectations of the company's price increase were strong, and the product increase was expected to further increase its profitability. At this time, consumption has been rising, particularly in the area of medical health, and consumption has accelerated.
As far as the scarce resources of a single collection are concerned, there is a clear benefit to be gained from the first brand of liver and urchin medicine, which is used as a front line for Chinese consumer goods. The end-building continues to add to the company’s growth space and momentum.
In 2018, there were more than 100 multi-purpose complexes, such as brand promotion, product marketing and end-use (non-pharmaceutical) experiences. With a mature construction model and a steady increase in profitability, it is expected that more high-quality distributors will be working with companies to build new ones in the next two years. By 2020, the company is expected to build 200-250 study halls with a broad coverage and a precise regional focus.
National high-end marketing networks. Solar panels are expected to be thick and thin: solar panels, as an important wing of the company's “one nuclear two-wing” strategy, have a much different size than pharmaceutical plates, but after many years of cultivation, the earnings and profits of cosmetics subsidiaries have entered a virtuous phase of growth, the toothpaste industry in cooperation with Shanghai's domesticization.
The solar plate is a business block of priority for companies, with an increase of $30,877,000 in marketing, advertising and marketing fees, $13,781,000 in cosmetics, $11,476,000 in Shanghai, $97,86 million in electronic commerce, and $9,728.86 million in electronic commerce, reflecting the importance that companies attach to solar panels.
With the company's leadership looking for the right direction, sales such as the Quantico Expedition Hall, and a sustained improvement in marketing capacity, the Quantico series is expected to continue to increase in prices and quality of income and performance. An important wing of the One Nuclear Two-Wing strategy, solarization, cosmetics plates, is being strengthened, and branding is improving.
Based on the high degree of certainty that the company’s performance is growing rapidly, we maintain a “highly recommended” rating.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, Yang Jojo, head of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of experience in the securities industry, is good at understanding the dynamics of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context.
Research assistant profile Young Spring Rain industry study, focusing on Chinese medicine.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.