A high rate of growth in sales was maintained, driving performance in 2018. Rapid performance reports for 2019, 1 and 2018 resulted in a 29.19 per cent increase in corporate income and a net return to the mother.
39.83 per cent, with net profit from deductions increasing by 43.03 per cent, slightly better than expected.2 The four-quarter upturn in sales was followed by a high increase in earnings and profits in 2018.
One hundred and twenty-two million yuan and 208 million yuan, an increase of 25.08 per cent and 57.58 per cent, respectively, were better than the 19.17 per cent and 25.22 per cent increases in q3 income and the net return on maternity in 2018, respectively, and the company ' s performance in q4 increased significantly, better than expected.
The company announced an increase of 29.19 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the increase in sales from its parent company, Xiaozhou Pharmacy Company Ltd., and its subsidiary, Xiamen Xia Xia Xiao Xiao Xuan Xuan Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin, Inc., as a result of Xiao Xiao Xiao Xian Xian Xian Xin Xin Xian Xing, Inc.
Large, but small, profits, so we judge that the high growth in corporate profits is driven mainly by the growth in sales by the parent company, fully reflecting the competitiveness of the company ' s core products while reflecting the continuous growth in the company ' s ability to operate.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: from 2018 to 2020, a period of rapid growth in performance is expected to drive the release of core products. Given the status of the Chinese pharmaceutical industry in the country’s classified varieties, the clear therapeutic effects, and the "Quantities"
We believe that there is scope for raising prices and increasing the number of customers in the future. We believe that the growth model of the company is likely to replicate the successful path of the kowtow wine and become China’s Chinese medicine health care.
2. One of the banners in the area of revenue growth, and therefore maintaining the company’s “buy-in” rating.
The performance rate of 44 per cent, as expected: 29.19 per cent growth in corporate income and net return to the mother
The net profit of the listed company’s shareholders was 1,128 million yuan, an increase of 39.83 per cent in the same year, and the net profit of the non-recurrent gain and loss attributable to the shareholders of the listed company was 1,109 million yuan, an increase of 43.03 per cent in the same year.
The total operating income of O4 companies was calculated separately in 2018, i.e. 1,212 million yuan, an increase of 25.08 per cent in the same year; net profits attributable to shareholders of listed companies, i.e., 208 million yuan in the same year, i.e. 57.58 per cent in the same year, net profits attributable to shareholders of listed companies, i.e. $204 million in the net profits off non-recurrent gains and losses, i.e. 61.90 per cent in the same year, slightly better than expected.
Four quarters of the sales went up, and income and profits increased rapidly in 2018. According to the company ' s performance report, the company realized a net profit of 1,212 million yuan in 2018 and 208 million yuan in return for return, which was 25.08 per cent and 57.58 per cent, respectively, better than the net profit of q3 in 2018.
The company announced an increase of 29.19 per cent over the same period, mainly due to an increase in sales revenue from the parent company Xiaozhou Pharmacy Company Ltd. and its subsidiary Xiamen Xia Xiao Xiao Xuan Xin Xin Xin Pharmaceuticals Ltd. Since Xiang Xiao Xiao Xiao Xuan Medicine Ltd. earns a large amount of income but has a small profit, we judge the company's profits.
The drive for rapid growth is driven mainly by the growth in sales of the parent company’s core products, which are fully reflected in the competition for the company’s core products, while at the same time reflecting a sustained increase in its operational capacity. Since 2016, the company’s performance has risen rapidly with the increase in the price of its products and the construction of its marketing network.
In the long run, although the data fluctuated slightly in individual quarters, the overall growth was strong. The firm’s strong product, its ability to sell continuously, its market space and its potential demand are high, and its core competitive advantages are more evident in a time when the value of medicine brands in China is gaining prominence, so we believe that the company’s ability to sustain rapid growth is high.
$3.31. Given the status of the Chinese pharmaceutical industry, the clear therapeutic effect and the establishment of a “volume price” trend, the future price increases and the scope for raising the number of clients, the company’s growth model is one of China’s banners in the field of Chinese medicine health care, and we believe that the company’s “buying” model has the potential to replicate the successful path of potion.
The price increase was lower than expected; market promotion was lower than expected; the supply of medicinal materials in raw materials and the risk of price fluctuations.