The performance of the harvest has improved steadily and the quality of assets continues to improve - as detailed in the semi-annual report of the capital bank in 2020.
On 27 August, the company released its semi-annual report for 2020: the first half of the year saw a 9.91 per cent increase in the same year ' s net return profit (q1 year-on-year increase of 11.60 per cent); the year-on-year increase of 13.16 per cent (q1 year-on-year increase of 16.54 per cent); the year-on-year increase of 11.57 per cent (q1 year-on-year net return profits of the company were third in the first half of the year at the same rate of increase in the same year ' s net return of the listed bank, with a slight decrease of 1.69 pt over the first quarter.
Circulation of equity (million shares) and pre-allocation profits decreased by 2.56 pct and 3.38 pct per quarter, respectively, but still grew faster by double digits. Performance slowed slightly, mainly as a result of a narrow return on investment and a positive tax comparison.
The contribution comes mainly from a narrow cut in the clean spread and a reduction in the size of the provision.
The rate of return on interest-bearing assets and the cost of interest-bearing liabilities decreased by 2 bp and increased by 2 bp, respectively, over the course of the previous year. The negative market returns on individual loans and bond investments eased the downward pressure on asset returns. The cost increase was mainly due to the higher cost of individual time deposits.
The rate of badness has been declining, with a significant increase in the coverage of the provision, with a 1.42% decline in the ring ratio and a 1bp decline at the end of the season, which has been in decline for the fourth consecutive year. The coverage of the provision and the pressure have been smaller and have decreased. The size of the company ' s assets has expanded faster.
Between 36bp and 9.36% are at a reasonable level. In August this year, the Sichuan Superintendency approved the issuance of no more than $6 billion in sustainable debt and capital replenishment.
In the future, sustainable debt will continue to support accelerated scale expansion, performance, asset quality fluctuations, declining interest rates, and less than expected economic recovery. First, collection performance has increased steadily and asset quality continues to improve.
1. The growth in revenue was robust and performance was based on the company ' s semi-annual report of August 27, 2020: the company ' s performance was less affected by the epidemic, with net profit from mothers rising by 9.91 per cent in the first half of the year, at a much higher rate than the net profit growth levels of commercial banks of 9.41 per cent and urban comptoirs of 2.59 per cent over the same period, in 36 cases.
In the first half of the year, the net profit increase for mothers fell by 1.69 pct compared to the first quarter, much less than the 14.41 pc fall for commercial banks in the same period. The profit increase before collection and provision was one quarter lower than the same increase.
Interest differentials have been reduced by a narrow margin and reduced by the provision. Companies have been proactive and increased in the first quarter of this year, with the company ' s first half-year net difference of 2.10% in the single season, down by 6bp from last year, but far less than the net difference between commercial banks 11bp and the city comptoir 9bp in the same period, and have had a comparative advantage. The first half-year rate of return on assets and the cost of interest-bearing liabilities are respectively higher.
In response to the downward pressure on interest differentials, the company actively adjusted its asset liability structure. The asset end-to-end rate of return on asset lending and bond investment has somewhat eased downward pressure on corporate lending and partner asset returns.
The average daily balance of loans in the first half of the year as a percentage of interest-bearing assets was higher than last year. The end of the debt, while the average daily balance of deposits decreased, the ratio of high-cost debt payable was also reduced by 2.65 pct. Figure 3: Standard bank net interest differentials are relatively stable
3. The negative rate continues to decline, and the ability to provide for a significant increase in coverage is further enhanced. 86.06% of the defaults in corporate non-performing loans at the end of the second season (= loans more than three months overdue/non-performing loans) The ratio of loans dropped by 8 bp to 0.80%, is low in listed banks, and there is relatively little pressure on hidden non-performing loans to generate them.
Overall, the company’s asset quality has improved, and it continues to be at a better level than that of listed banks, and future advantages are expected to be maintained as a result of subtly invisible lending pressures reduced. Figure 6: Chengdu bank interest rate, poor loan deviations
In particular, while the incidence of poor performance in sectors that are more affected by the epidemic (e.g. residential services, residential catering, personal consumption) has increased to varying degrees compared to the end of the previous year, the share of loans in these sectors generally does not exceed 0.5% of total loans, with very limited negative impact. As companies increase the disposal and write-off of non-performing loans, and the signs of weak economic recovery are emerging in the second quarter.
The poor end-of-life rates for public and private loans have fallen by 1 bp and 2 bp, respectively, from the end of the previous year, contributing to improvements in asset quality. In the future, as the economy continues to warm, business recovery progresses, and consumer demand rises, the quality of assets is expected to continue to improve.
In general, corporate revenue and performance have been growing at a faster and more robust double-digit rate, asset quality has continued to optimize, and hidden non-performing loans have generated less pressure and have decreased significantly. Future sustainable debt replenishments will continue to support accelerated expansion.
Figure 12: Summary of financial statement data projections from Chengdu Bank pbband, Work experience in leasing, private collection, securities, and banking. Previous studies in finance, domestic electricity, and non-ferrous industries. Worked in the Bank of China, joined in 2019.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.