National Policy Bank (6010009.sh)
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average Company fundamentals (RMB)
One billion (including)a shares, with a total amount of not more than 14 billion yuan (including) raised to supplement core-level capital, after deducting the cost of distribution, and all issued for cash subscription. Of this amount, not more than 182 million shares were offered, not more than 73 million shares in Nanjing High School, and not more than 648 million shares in traffic control.
The price is 90% of the average price of the company ' s shares a share on the 20 trading days before the base date and the company ' s most recent end-of-year audit is attributed to the average shareholder.
Highest share of net assets per share. Company stock reverted on 2 August.
3. Nanjing Bank Research Report: Specialized Operations, Dollars (incl.), Large Financing, which represents 16.7% of total equity after issue.
At the end of the first quarter of 2017, capital adequacy at the core level of the company was at the lowest of the listed banks, and after this replenishment, capital adequacy at the core level was raised by 2.11 percentage points to 10.25 per cent, while capital adequacy at the same time was raised.
15.49%: At the core level, both capital adequacy and capital adequacy are in the forefront of the industry, and the increase in capital adequacy provides greater scope for broad credit scale expansion. The top three shareholders will remain in the same position after the proposed increase, introducing new shareholder traffic controls, Phoenix Group, Pacificer life recognition.
The second largest purchases. The second and third largest shares of the company, the capital investment of the client, and the Nanjing Goko, Liu Zhiping, have decided to add a new shareholder traffic control, a fully-owned subsidiary of the Jiangsu State Finance Committee.
(8621) 61038229 The number of subscriptions is second in the five selected targets.
The Phoenix Group held 6.36 per cent, 4.64 per cent and 3.30 per cent, respectively, thus opening the space for future business expansion through the fourth, fifth and second additions in capital. The three-year locks also regularly showed the shares corresponding to 17 years of pb0.81x, and we maintained the investment rating of the company ' s growth.
▪ Long-term economic malaise, continued high credit risk; corporate business risk, etc. Appendix: Summary of forecasts of three statements Analysis of rating ratios of related reports in the market
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years as compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.