Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average
Short-term logic: Short-term inventory replenishments continue into the middle of the year, with a critical release of gravity. In mid-2016, the air-conditioning industry ended a shock-free inventory, and summer temperatures, booms in real estate, and product price increases are expected to open a replenishment week.
The increase in the volume of transfers and the increase in real estate sales, which is eight months behind, are most relevant, so we're judging that the upward pull of real estate sales on air conditioning in 2016 will continue at least until the end of the first half of 2017. The power pole is strong, with 33% of domestic air conditioner sales in 16 years, leading the beautiful 11pc, the Repository.
The firm’s 2016 q3 crop growth rate is positive (+5.8%) and negative, with net gains, the trend towards a more resilient growth in the performance of power appliances will continue. Medium- and long-term logic: low-valued high-value red and scarce targets.
“Continuing gains, looking forward to new energy (14xpe) or international giants 15xpe and the gold industry (21xpe), double-harvesting of power sources — approximation of the electric power company”,
On the other hand, the power has a sustainable high-dimension red capacity, with the previous stock price corresponding to nearly 5.5% of the dividends for 12 months, ranking eighth in the total a share. In 2015, it had a 72% share of cash red, and the company had a strong cash flow and the ability to maintain a high-dimension red level.
Gallic Electric Quarterly Review 2016, msci will decide for the fourth time whether to include a share in the Emerging Markets Index. We think it's only a matter of time before a share is added to msci, which will attract more than $2 trillion in incremental capital in 10 years.
Sunshine always comes with a clear sky-gauge preference for low-valued, high-valued blues in the clouds, which will be characterized by the value of the configuration of dynamic appliances in the medium- and long-term. The outer logic: diversity strategy progresses steadily.
The two sides signed a strategic cooperation agreement to provide Silver Lodge with smart equipment and industrial products, Silver Lodge with batteries, whole cars and storage technology, which helped to smooth the process of cutting into new energy cars, storage and battery manufacturing. Glutor took the lead in rooting out the new energy passenger vehicle, and the future titanium acid.
The improvement in lithium battery performance will help companies move to a wider market for passenger vehicles and storage. The air-conditioning industry has a better climate, and the power appliances perform more resiliently; in the medium and long term, the low-valued heights of the gravity are higher than those of Cao Yanping.
Red scarcity deserves active allocation of long-term funds; in terms of diversification, Gretchen is working well together (8621) 61038291
The diversification strategy has a certain degree of uncertainty; real estate sales fall short of expectations.
Intra-marketing: Relay of stock and the post-natal cycle, rapid improvement in the sale of air conditioners  end of the industry ' s inventory cycle in mid-16 years. In 2014, the home power stimulus policy exited the build-up and sale of real estate, and the speed of the downswing hit the end sales, but the industry ' s leading exit strategy was not synchronized (in-house sales).
The growth rate rose from 9% in 13 years to 13% in 14 years, and channels accumulated rapidly. In order to escape the negative effects of high stocks, industry leaders began to go into shock from 2015q2, with a negative increase in internal sales in 15 to 16 years and a marked departure from retail growth.
The air-conditioning industry’s stock-filling cycle has opened. Summer temperatures and real estate warming have been both profitable, and air-conditioning retail sales have increased at a rate of negative turnarounds from June 2016 to a steady 20% level until the end of the year. Retail fires and product price increases are expected to drive the demand for marketers to replenish the stock, and the internal sales increase has not improved since July 16th.
In 2016, real-estate sales flared, with sales of goods increasing by 20% from February to the end of the year.
At the end of the second quarter of the year. Apart from real estate pulling, air conditioning retail data from 2017 to date (stable at about 20% at the same rate as the previous year), the pipeline stock remains low (less than three months of sales), and we judge the repository exports: devaluation of the renminbi and economic recovery abroad are both profitable.
According to the distribution of domestic air-conditioning exports, Asia and the Americas account for a relatively large share, with fluctuations ranging from 35 to 40%. The recovery from the foreign economy is weak, the US economy is mildly recovering, the US Federal Reserve is expected to increase interest rates, and domestic economic growth is likely to continue to slow.
In 2017, the renminbi was still under pressure to depreciate, which would benefit from the sale of white electricity. 1.2 Headlines are strong and the beneficiary industries are recovering.
The stocking process, which peaked in the first half of 2016, led to a significant increase in intra-state sales that was significantly lower than the retail increase. The sale rate in the power electrical appliance 2016q3 was negatively positive and went up beyond the retail increase, and the end of the stocking cycle was evident in the company ' s three-quarters report in 2016: the company ' s first three quarter of 2016.
In order to digest stocks, the power has made concessions in terms of market share, with 33% of domestic air-conditioning sales in 2016, a decrease of 1 pct over the same period.
The second-best group, 11pc, has a strong industry leader. On the other hand, the Gretchen has become more competitive at zero end sales, with retail share rising from 29% in 2015 to 31% in 2016, retail average prices rising by 3.7% in 2016 and domestic retail prices rising by 2.0% in the same period.
In recent years, as the air-conditioning market has entered into relative saturation, it has become aware of the importance of diversification of channels and has gradually deepened its cooperation with the US and Sunin.
1.3 The increase in the price of raw materials was not detrimental to the profitability of the raw materials sector, with copper, aluminium, steel and plastics, the main upstream raw materials in the domestic electricity sector, passing through the two main cycles of the increase, namely 2009q1-2011q3, during which the prices of copper, aluminium, steel and plastics were split
The net rate of interest on the power appliance does not fall in the cost-increasing cycle. 2009q1-2011q3, the net interest rate on the power appliance has risen steadily (from 6.1% of 09q1 to 6.6% of 11q3).
In contrast, the second-line air conditioner brand, with lower price increases and less elasticity in cost regulation, has resulted in higher net interest rates being hit by higher costs.
Product prices and improved cost controls remain the main vehicles for cost transfer. Second, the medium- and long-term logic: the low valuation and high dividends of low-valued, high-red and scarce-grade power appliances determine their value-investment status.
Gold intervention and the investment style of a stock market tend to be rational, and the scarcity of low valuations and high dividends is expected to grow increasingly into a variety of favoured configurations.
There is still room to raise the value of the Geiger than domestic and international electric taps. There is still room to upgrade the valuation level of the gold industry of Japanese companies that are also air-conditioning giants, whether it be compared to their domestic counterparts in America, the Qingdao Heir 14xpe, or the international White Power giant Elektra (15xpe).
Income grew by 14 per cent in five years (2011-2015) and 21 times the latest pe; while the last five years have seen better access to investment channels for overseas institutions, a stock valuation system has accelerated internationally, and the undervalued characteristics of gravity appliances will be favoured.
In all bank shares, the interest rate is so high in the current market environment, where the risk is lower. The share of cash in cash has risen from 2010 to 72% by 2015; and, more importantly, the current level of dividends.
2018) specifies that if there are no major investment plans or major cash expenditure items during the year, the amount of the company ' s cash share of the net profit from the return in the year is not less than 60%. 2.2a shares of internationally valued gold are allocated over the long term.
Since 2016, policies such as the lifting of the limit on the total amount of Hong Kong and Hong Kong traffic, the liberalization of the qfii and rqfii lines have led to a wider road for foreign capital to invest in China, and the further the unit has gone on the internationalization path. In June this year, Msci will make a fourth decision on whether to include a share in the emerging market index, and we believe that a share will.
Joining msci is only a matter of time, more offshore money entering the market and more overseas funds favouring low-valued high dividends, and blue financing will be characterized by the value of the allocation of green-gly appliances in the medium to long term.
a The market value of free circulation will be added up front to the Msci Emerging Market Index (1.1%). From the reference counter to 100%. The global asset of $10.5 trillion, of which the Emerging Markets Index is configured to reach $1.5 trillion, is currently subject to the Msci Index.a The 5% share will be added to the Emerging Markets Index.
The style of the configuration of overseas agencies in future free-flow markets corresponds to the stock attributes of the glycerine. We analyse the recent qfii rehousing and extrapolate the investment preferences of overseas institutions based on the market value of the different types of stock held by qfii.
As of the three-quarterly report in 2016, qfii had 295 a-stock listings. qfii repositioned low value companies. qfii had a high configuration of 54% in the case of zero-20 times the market rate; on the other hand, qfii had only 5% in the case of more than 60 times the market rate.
qfii prefers companies with high dividends rates. qfii over 51% of positions are allocated to listed companies with more than 2% dividends, while domestic public fund-raising allocates 64% of positions to companies with 0-2% dividends. qfii over-salaries such as household appliances.
The market value of the industry as a share measure the preference of the qfii as a share. The results show that qfii ' s top-down food beverages, banks, computers, building materials, household appliances, etc., are highly popular with high-quality blues such as electric power units, American conglomerates, and Qingjia Haile.
On August 18, 2016, the Greco Electric Bulletin stated that it was intended to issue shares to purchase 100 per cent of the shares in the Everest.
After the announcement of the acquisition program, investors question the high value and increase of the price of the titanium battery, which will be distributed to small and medium-sized shareholders at the Shareholders Assembly on October 28th.
On November 16, the restructured trading program was not approved by the Golden Dragons, and the Goldies decided to stop the acquisition. But, as far as we know, Ge Li has not given up working with Silverlong, and has recently offered three moves to seek cooperation with him.
On December 15, 2016, five companies and individuals, such as Dong Myung-joo, China Group, Dalian Wan Da Group, Beijing Yin Zhao Kim International Investment Corporation, Jiang So-kyung Tong State Limited Investment Management Corporation, received a total of 3 billion yuan and 22,388% of their shares.
On February 21, 2017, the Gold Electric Bulletin proposed to sign a cooperation agreement with Silver Long in the amount of up to $20 billion for each other's priority purchases. The Middle Gear is expected to sell smart equipment and industrial products to Silver Long in the amount of $19 billion.
Silver Long will open up the production processes and technologies for cellular materials, batteries, electrical power, whole cars, and storage energy, and open supply chain resources for new energy vehicles and storage operations.
On February 28, 2017, the China Group signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the Gore Electrics, and the Everest. Forty% of the new global boarding bridges are currently from China, which will work with Greco on air conditioning and pca bridge air conditioning. On the other hand, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, and China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, and China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, and China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
High demand for new energy sources in heavy trucks, cold trucks, airport equipment, etc., central concentration of beads, capacity of Silver Rise in titanium-acid lithium batteries and new energy vehicles, storage energy: Silver Rise is also interested in helping China to pool the vast resources of the global airport into new energy applications of the airport ferry, and it is proposed to do so.
Taking advantage of the layout of the Central Group's hospitals in Beijing, the airport parking lot and the central oil gas station, the project to build a new energy peg/charge station in Silver Yong will be promoted.
Geiger has made every effort to facilitate cooperation by providing Silver Lodge with smart equipment, molds, casting, auto air conditioning, electrical control, etc., which will also open up battery materials, batteries, electrical power, whole cars, and supply chain resources to Glutton. This series of operations notwithstanding the fact that Glutton had previously stopped a firm acquisition of Silver Lodge.
It will continue to help build a new energy car chain, storage power, and battery-making equipment. Make every effort to build a new industrial growth point. 3.2 Why is it Silver Rock?
The current slowdown in economic growth, the relative saturation of the air-conditioning market, and the urgency of gravity to seek a transformation and to find a new profit growth point. The core of the GPR strategy is the construction of household-based energy management centres (photovoltaic power plus storage systems) and the introduction of new energy cars into the chain, taking into account the silver lining of the Pearl Sea in titanium-acid lithium batteries and new ones.
The central competitiveness of energy vehicles and storage is actively pursued by the Geiger, which is centred on lithium titanium titanium batteries, covering the entire chain of new energy sources, and the development and manufacture of lithium titanium titanium batteries.
Research, production, and marketing of power-filling facilities covering the entire industrial chain of new energy sources. In 2008, Silver Dragons formally entered the new energy industry. In 2010, company strategic holdings in U.S.O.A.
The technology for titaniumate has yet to be improved but has a great potential. The titanium titanium batteries are developed late and have a higher technical threshold. The titanium titanium titanium batteries (lto) are phosphorus.
Lithium acid, trinity, etc. as positive poles, but lithium ion batteries with titanium instead of graphite as negative material. Compared to graphite negative poles, lithium titanium is developing late, with higher technical thresholds, and currently owned by only a small number of companies, including Everest, Toshiba, and Micro-Mulcodynamics, on a global scale.
Lithium titanium titaniumate batteries have a clear comparative advantage. The power cells on the market include three-dollar batteries, lithium phosphate (lfp) batteries, lithium titanium titanium acid batteries, and so on.
It's about 5%, well below the market share of 80% of titanium phosphate batteries. But, as a follow-up, titanium titanium titanium batteries have several significant comparative advantages.
Lithium titanium titanium batteries can be filled in about 10 minutes, while it usually takes at least four hours to charge in a slow-loaded pure electric bus. Cycle life is long. Lithium titanium titanium batteries can't be built when they are charged, lithium ion is embedded and decoupled.
Changes in the composition of titanium-based lithium crystallines have had little effect on the structure of titanium-based lithium materials, and the average life cycle of the general battery is 3,000 times, while the titanium-based battery is fully charged with the electrical cycle more than 30,000 times.
The traditional carbon electrodes are safe and stable. Once they are overfilled with lithium, the surface of the electrodes is easy to disassemble the metal lithium, and their contact with the electrolytic fluids reacts to create flammable gases and thus create an all-embracing risk. Lithium titanium titanium is more powerful than pure lithium metal, does not produce lithium crystals easily, and discharges it.
The voltage is smooth, which improves the safety of lithium cells. There is good tolerance for the temperature. The sharp crystal structure of titanium-acid batteries has a three-dimensional lithium ion diffusion channel, performing excellent performance in high-temperature properties.
Dithium titanium titanium acetate batteries are well-broadened and can be charged at -50°C-60°C. Lithium titanium titanium batteries are defective in terms of energy density and cost. Lithium titanium titanium batteries are not yet widely available because of two major deficiencies in energy density and high cost.
Battery energy density 58-91wh/kg, which is much different from lithium phosphate (120-140wh/kg) and lithium tri-dollar batteries (170wh/kg). Low energy density means that batteries with the same weight can only store less electricity, so they are less capable of continuing.
Lithium titanium titanium acid is a major contributor to the high cost of lithium titanium batteries. Lithium titanium titanium batteries are suitable for public transport and storage systems, and improvements are expected to widen applications.
Cars and storage systems. In the longer term, lithium titanium titanium batteries have a greater energy density and cost.
The amount of density has increased by 30%. At present, Silver Plum is studying new titanium-based negative-polar materials, high-capacity positive-polar materials, etc., with the aim of increasing the energy density of titanium titanium batteries to 100-110wh/kg, while maintaining the current high-performance of titanium titanium batteries.
In terms of reduced costs, the construction of the titanium-acid materials and batteries production base has been accelerating in the Everest, the 7,000-ton-year-old titanium-triode lithium materials project and the 270 million-hour-a-year-old Hebei Galaxy three-phase project (the world's largest titanium-acid materials and batteries production base) in October of last year.
The cost of titanium-acid lithium batteries is expected to decrease gradually. 3.3 The power and storage areas are expected to fly in two wings, and the power of the new energy buses is expected to cut into the larger future.
In 2016, we produced 511,000 new vehicles, 27% more than in 2015. Although the rate of output growth is not comparable to the rate of 298% in 2015, we consider it to be 16 years of national “false” and complete the top-level design of the chain-of-industry surveillance structure in order to suspend it.
In exchange for short-term growth in the industry’s environment, 16 years are the year when the industry re-engineers. The country’s annual production of new energy vehicles will reach 2 million, and there will be much room for future growth in new energy vehicles.
The pool ' s fast-filling technology is now particularly suitable for short-distance, lined public transport systems, and Silver Everest is mainly responsible for producing new energy buses and increasing market competitiveness. From 2014 to 2016, there was a rapid increase in the production of pure electric buses (from 472 to 5,200) and a simultaneous increase in market occupancy (from 1.7%)
To 3.8 per cent, Guangtao Chu, a member of Everest, is currently the country’s seventh-largest producer of electric passenger vehicles. It is expected that in 2017, the production and sale of new energy vehicles will continue to grow significantly, with the target of about 30,000 new energy vehicles sold to a population of 30 billion yuan.
As the scale of their operations and operations rise significantly, the proceeds from the sale of their equipment will increase significantly (the cooperation is expected to generate $16.24 billion in revenues), while the cooperation will enable them to quickly cut into the chain of new energy passenger vehicles.
Tens of thousands, including 317,000 by car, 135,000 by bus, more than twice as many by bus market. The energy density of titanium batteries is gradually improving, the future of Silver Long is promising, and the market for electric vehicles is much wider in the market space. Silverlong's electric motor vehicle is already in preparation.
In addition, a target of 200,000 cars in 2020 is set. The power has tens of thousands of electric engineers, three of the three electrical appliances needed for electric vehicle manufacturing, and spare parts, other than batteries, can be matched quickly, so that the power can continue to be provided with smart equipment, molds, etc.
Auto-air conditioning, electro-controls share the benefits of making big cakes, and, on the other hand, we will be working together to master the core manufacturing technology of the new energy whole. Storage is a potential market for power.
Lithium titanium titaniumate batteries are more suitable for storage than for new energy vehicles. As a result of low energy density, lithium titanium titanium batteries are now relatively suitable for the bus system and are limited in the use of vehicles. In contrast, lithium titanium titanium batteries have potential for storage because of relatively low weight requirements.
ion storage cells are replaced about three to five years, during which period the cost of batteries and decomposing maintenance is higher. Therefore, titanium titanium-acid storage can have a considerable cost advantage when considering the full life cycle (15 years for titanium-acid lithium batteries).
"Glow Volt plus Storage" creates a trillion-grade household energy management market. The core technology of titanic acid lithium batteries, mastered in Silver Rise, not only allows the power to quickly cut into new energy electric cars, but, more importantly, to make a difference in storage operations.
Ryu's cooperation is not just about car-making, but the combination of photovoltaic and storage equipment is a trillion-dollar market.” The G.E. is committed to building home-based energy management centres, where households are equipped with photovoltaic systems to provide electricity for household appliances, solar power generation is effectively stored when available, and household electricity is free of charge.
Power appliances have successfully developed photovoltaic air conditioners a few years ago, and titanium-acid lithium batteries are expected to add their wings to the energy management system.
Air-conditioning sales: The industry ended its inventory in mid-2016, the large-scale replenishment cycle was opened and will continue until mid-2017. The volume of air-conditioning sales of the power appliances is expected to increase by 4% from the same year in 2016-18, and the price of air-conditioning: the rapid rise in bulk commodities since the second half of 2016 has hit the cost end of the household electricity industry, but
Gigi, as a leader in the industry, can effectively transfer cost pressures through product average price increases and cost controls. Average air-conditioning prices are expected to increase by 4%, 8%, and 5%, respectively, in 2016-18.
In the air-conditioning industry, the elasticity of the power appliances is high; in the medium and long term, the low-valued heights of the power are high; the scarcity of red is worth the active allocation of long-line funds; and, in terms of diversification, working with the Silver Wall has enabled the company to move smoothly into the new energy vehicle and storage markets and to imagine a larger space in the future.
▪ Diversity has a certain degree of uncertainty; real estate sales fall short of expectations.
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the fundamentals of the enterprise, judging the results of a comparison of the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years with the average value of the firms listed in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.