q3 performed better than the guide, with local alternative drivers rising at a very high price Investment rating: Increase (maintain) net profit of about $200 million. The company expected a zero - 2% increase in the four-quarter round income ratio, and the Māori rate was projected
• Energy utilization is nearing full capacity, home-grown alternative drivers are rising at full cost, three quarters of which benefit from domestic production substitution downstream of consumer electronics and the recovery of downstream markets, such as domestic electricity;
(q1, q2, about 90%, 92.5%). Company q3, on one side, sees a continuous upswing in the customer's share in simulations, mcu, storage, cis, display drive, etc., increasing demand for localization of crystal circle, stacking of channels to replenish reservoirs, sale of company crystals.
At the same time, as a result of an increase in product output from complex production processes, the company ' s crystal-print ring ratio rose by about 4%. The impact of fluctuations in production has subsided and demand for projectors has increased, driving the q3 Māori ratio to exceed expectations.
The company’s q3 Māori ratio is better than expected, mainly because of the end of the impact of fluctuations in production and the increased demand for client projects, which has led to a significant recovery in Q3’s capacity utilization. At the same time, the company has been actively restructuring its production structure to promote Māori rates more than expected.
The recovery of the industry has not been as expected and geopolitical conflicts have intensified.
Li Mei-hyun, a Master's degree from the Chinese People's University, joined Hua An in January 2024. He worked in East Hing Securities, with four years of research experience in the electronics and communications industry.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.