:: Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) 1 company achieved revenue of $13.943 billion in 2021, an increase of 20.19 per cent over the year; net return on repatriation
The main reasons for this are that the epidemic still has supply side effects, that the supply chain is not running smoothly, that the supply of bulk commodities, raw materials, chips and various types of electronic components is short supply and high prices, creating a certain cost pressure on companies, which has led to a decline in the level of Māori throughout the year.
2.76 pct. The first half of the year saw a certain decline in pcb operations as the construction of the 5g base station slowed: the company actively promoted downstream market diversification performance in the second half of the year, the data centre and automobile operations held a single-quarter ring increase, and the Māori ratio was lower than the three-quarter link for business products such as pcb.
• In terms of the “3-in-one” business layout: 1pcb: revenue of $8,737 million, an increase of 5.13 per cent in the same year, representing 62.66 per cent of the company's total operating income, and the Māori rate of 25.82 per cent, a decrease of 3.14 pcts in the same year.
There have been some adjustments, but there have been major breakthroughs in the data centres, auto electronics, etc.. The company's pcb operations, according to a 45% increase in central area orders over the same period, and the new generation of server platforms has been upgraded in an orderly manner, with a higher volume of related products and a steady increase in demand ratio; and the production of South Chinaton II has been able to climb up the slope.
Lean, providing productive space for the subsequent development of the data centre operations. The company ' s electronic automobile customer development has progressed significantly, with 150 per cent increase in orders over the year; the company ' s auto electronics industry (Southerton III) has progressed well, with a q4 link in 2021.
17.32 per cent; Māori 29.09 per cent, an increase of 1.04 per cent. During the reporting period, the global semiconductor climate continued to be high, with high rates of growth in corporate envelopes; and it is a matter of concern that the marginal cost of scale effects is changing as the cost of raw materials for board operations is relatively small.
The company’s storage envelope boards have made a significant breakthrough in technological capabilities, customer development, and the release of products, with orders for storage products increasing by 140% year-on-year, without tin.
The base-plate plant has successfully climbed and has entered a stable and large-scale production phase. 3pcba operations: revenues of $1.94 billion, an increase of 67.22 per cent over the same period, representing 13.91 per cent of the company’s total operating income, and a 12.56 per cent Maori rate, a decrease of 2.05 pcts over the same period.
The range of purchases is wide, the supply chain is somewhat affected in terms of cost and timeliness of delivery due to global shortages of electronic components, such as chips, and impediments to international logistics under the new crown. Companies will upgrade their supply by entering into forward procurement contracts, strengthening spot purchases, etc.
1. The gold track has been growing, and the chain management capacity has been built to ensure a stable supply to the future market.
We believe that the best technological power in the industry is the firm's foundation, and that strong self-regulating power is the firm's guarantee of sustained growth over the past four decades. The company's report for the three-quarters report as a parallel deep-farming data centre, automobiles, meets expectations, and downstream demand slows down.
The pcb and ic gold track pcb companies have also shown good profitability and scarcity. Research and development staff have grown by 21% over the year, and the leading track technology is expected to expand further in the future.
The data and information used in this report are based on publicly available information in the market, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change.
See for information only. I did not, do not and will not receive any recommendations or views directly or indirectly in the present report.