Undisclosed launch, opening the road to the next steps of the enveloped base plate, deep south circuit (002916.sz) 22nd of February 2022.
• Non-public distribution, opening the way to the “buy-in” rating, and maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Business moves up to the top, maintaining the “buy-in” rating. • The company invests in a non-tin-sub-south project, representing the top level of the built-in envelope, moving towards higher-order products.
bga products are moving forward. This non-public distribution project, which invests in the production of high-level inverted and inflated sheetboards without tin, will help in the transition to higher-level products in the future, with a total investment of $2.77 billion and a proposed fund-raising of $2.55 billion, of which $1.4 billion is for the purchase of production equipment, two years for construction, two years for production, and two years for investment.
The internal rate of return is 13.0%. When the built-in envelope has been properly developed, the domestic front-runner is in the forefront of the international industry, waiting for the top-up domestic sealer to be matched by the company's national production replacement, which will be used as an internal package 2022-02, where there is still a gap between the production capacity, manufacturing costs, and technological capabilities of the leading industrial manufacturer.
Sub-sourcing funds can help companies to further upgrade their productive capacity and serve downstream customers and accelerate the industrialization of high-end technologies. The first-tier, internal capital manufacturer pcb, is expected to benefit from server rotation and car intelligence dividends. The company is in the first-tier, internal capital pcb, to move away from the cost of homogenization of low- and medium-end products.
A blue-sea market for technology overlaps. Given the difficulties associated with the upgrading of server platforms, changes in the design of production options.
Drums, pcb business orders and cost improvements - up. The company’s production process is expected to benefit from the high frequency pcb and hdi material increment market, which is associated with the intelligentization of vehicles.
Corporate Information Update Report 2021h1 Base Sheet Income Growth, Pcb Business Improvement in the Second Half of the Year
Corporate Information Update Report - One Quarterly Cost Underwriting