High performance in the poultry chain and steady growth in pig operations - New Hope (000876), semi-annual report for 2019, New Hope, semi-annual report for 2019, and company revenue of $35,294 million in the first half of 2019
In the first half of 2019, the company achieved a year-on-year increase in gross profits from four major business lines, with the feed business achieving the most gross profit.
In the feed business, because poultry is the largest component of the company’s feed product structure, the poultry industry was replaced in the first half of 2019 by its own supply-demand relationship and the African pigpest, with the company selling 6.2 million tons of poultry in the first half of the year, an increase of 20.37%, far higher than the industry’s zhouyu@cczq.com
In poultry farming, new ducks are listed in the company's breed. In the first half of the year, the company sold 246 million chicken seedlings and ducks, an increase of 28.73 per cent, and 151 million chickens for own-account chickens and commissioning commodities, an increase of 11.95 per cent, and chickens and ducks for sale.
The production of 84.97 million tons, an increase of 0.69 per cent in the same year, has been steadily increasing the production of pig farming, with the same increase in productive biological assets. In the first half of 2019, companies sold 1.4335 million pigs, pigs and pigs, an increase of 8.33 per cent in the same year.
In the context of the spread of the plague throughout Africa, the profits from the company's first six months of pig production have increased, and biological assets have increased as much as at the beginning of the year. In 2019 and 2020, the number of pig births is expected to reach 3.5 million and 8 million, respectively.
In West Side, at 28 West Rixie Street, at 1000 Hengsheng Building, Lujiang Gate Road, Fukuda District, Fukuwa, 6th tax-exempt trader.
China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment, 17th floor of the China Sea International Centre, B building, in a way that uses information on legal compliance, and produces this report independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be.
The company does not view the recipient as a customer for the purpose of receiving this report, it does not have a direct business relationship with the company, and it does not have proper responsibilities. This report is a confidential material of the company, for example, until it is publicly disclosed or agreed to by the company.
The report is based on information that the company considers to be reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report can be modified without notice, and investors should be aware of the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.