Engineering contracting operations: sustained growth of capital needs in the areas of municipalities, bridges, tunnels, airport terminal construction, etc. $2023h1 generated $483.4 billion, with steady growth in investment in traditional infrastructure areas such as roads, urban tracks, water, underground spaces, and infrastructure as an expansion of domestic demand and stability
This growth is strongly underpinned by our expectation that demand will remain high in 2024. Planning and consulting operations: a high and steady increase in the Māori ratio
The scope of operations includes the provision of planning and design advice in the areas of railways, urban orbital transport, roads, municipalities, industrial and civil buildings, magnetic suspended, water transport, utilities, airports, human defence, and continuous movement to smart traffic, modern trams, real estate operations: sales are growing in reverse
The company is actively involved in the construction of government-guaranteed housing, home buy-backs, and, while doing business in the development of traditional housing, is taking a step forward in the development of new and emerging business areas such as the future community and the Tod. 2023h1 is ranked 16th out of the country ' s housing stock, which is sold at $53.37 billion, in the face of persistent pressure from the general market and external environment.
The company currently has three major industrial manufacturing systems for “equipment manufacturing plus material production plus concrete pc components production”, the main ones being the manufacture of large road mechanics, underground construction equipment, orbital construction equipment, concrete construction equipment, crane equipment, bridge construction equipment, pressure equipment, concrete products, bridge steel structures, etc.
Look one: to push ahead with the “Overseas Priority” strategy, overseas orders are expected to rise. \triangleright is actively involved in international cooperation and “one-way” construction, with the company's new overseas contract value of 306.05 billion in 2022.
By the end of 2023h1, the company had accumulated more than 1,000 overseas works, repeatedly updated China's record of contracting single contracts abroad, ranking 101st in the Global Brand 500 Report, published by Brandfinance, a world-renowned brand valuation and advisory body.
Under the “Overseas Priority” strategy, we see that companies are expected to continue to increase their overseas orders in the future.
In 2024, the National Investment Commission will conduct a full market value management review of listed companies, and we believe that this initiative is expected to lead China to pay more attention to the market performance of controlled companies and to convey confidence and stability through the application of market-based growth, buy-backs and the like.
The company, as one of the eight largest construction firms, has a lower valuation level than the other seven, which is expected to be restored by the company’s valuation level, driven by steady growth in performance and the market value management appraisal of the company.
Investment proposal: China ' s iron construction as a leader in the construction of domestic infrastructure, and traditional operations such as engineering contracts are stable
1 company released major operating data for the fourth quarter of 2023 New contract value for manufacturing operations +47.39 per cent of the year; new contract value for real estate development operations + 2,270 million contract value for industrial financial operations +31.52 per cent of the year; new contract value for emerging industries
Of this amount, $202.695 billion was awarded for new contracts for engineering contracting operations, compared with +8.82 per cent, 5622 for new projects, 465 for new projects, compared with +34.01 per cent, and $29.684 billion for new contracts for planning design consulting operations,2 with robust growth in traditional operations and promising growth in new operations
2.1 Engineering contracting operations: sustained growth in capital demand for the benefit of utilities, housing construction, municipalities, bridges, tunnels, airport terminal construction, etc. In terms of revenue collection, the company ' s engineering contracting operations in 2022 generated $964.76 billion, or 7.93 per cent of the year; and 2023h1 generated revenue.
Investment in traditional infrastructure such as railways, roads, urban tracks, water and underground spaces increased steadily. In 2023, the State continued to support major projects for the development of regional coordination, advancing the construction of two new weights, sustaining the growth of traditional infrastructure such as transport, energy and water, and new infrastructure such as data centres, high-speed railways, 5g, and auto charge poles.
The State Council’s Standing Committee has considered and adopted the Guidelines for the Active and Steady Promotion of Urban Central Villages in mega-cities, which will better serve the role of the government, increase policy support for urban-cities central village upgrading, actively innovate models of transformation, and encourage and support the participation of private capital.
At the same time, we will promote the urbanization of county cities as a major vehicle, and will continue to improve county-city facilities, strengthen the county-city industrial development base and improve the county-city public service system. According to the National Statistical Office, in 2023, the country completed the investment of 3.9 trillion yuan in fixed transport assets, of which the investment in fixed railway assets was completed in 2023.
764.5 billion yuan, with 2.8 trillion yuan invested in fixed assets for roads and waterways completed in January-November 2023 (over $3 trillion is expected to be exceeded in the year). 1,700 km of new high-speed railways were built across the country in 2023, including the expansion of highways more than 7,000 km, 1,000 km of new and improved high-grade shipping routes and additional mileage for urban orbital transport operations.
Over 360 kilometres. As an important support for the expansion of domestic demand and steady growth, we still expect demand in 2024. Figure 8: National investment in fixed transport assets (billion yuan) 2013-2023 — National: Social investment in fixed assets (billion yuan)
There are incomparable factors between the data for the same period, which cannot directly be compared to the calculated increase) 2.2 Planning design consulting operations: Māori rates are high and steadily increasing
(excluding sub-branch companies of four large design complexes), the scope of the planning consultancy operations includes the provision of planning and design advisory services in the areas of railways, urban orbital transport, roads, municipalities, industrial and civil buildings, magnetic suspensions, water transport, utilities, airports, human defence, etc., as well as continuous access to intelligent transport, modern trams, urban complexes, city halls, etc.
In terms of revenue collection, the company ' s 2.3 real estate business in 2022: sales to achieve negative growth, the company’s real estate development business is based on a model of “residential development supported by other industries.”
Actively participating in the construction of government-guaranteed housing, home buy-back development, while doing business to strengthen traditional housing development, further expands the emerging business areas of future communities, tod, etc. 2023h1, the company’s real estate block is ranked 16th out of the country’s housing stock in the face of continuous pressure from the general market and the external environment.
2.4 Industrial manufacturing operations: Revenues and new contracts have continued to grow and, after many years of development, the company has now developed three major industrial manufacturing systems, “Equipping + Material + Concrete pc Component Production”, the main ones being the manufacture of large-scale road support machinery, underground construction equipment, orbits.
Construction equipment, concrete construction equipment, crane equipment, bridge construction equipment, compact equipment, concrete products, bridge steel structures, fork and bullet buttons, and railway Electrified contact net guides and parts, etc., the company's own development of the World's largest drilling rig, Dreams, was selected for the "Max of the Ten Great powers in 2022".
In terms of Māori, the industrial manufacturing business of the company in 2022 is at its core: a strong push for the Overseas Priority strategy, and a strong push for the Overseas Priority strategy by the Quality Corporation 3.1, with an increase in overseas orders.
The company has vigorously pursued its “Overseas Priority” strategy by building two internationally recognized brands, clcc and ccecc, and actively engaged in international cooperation and “one-way” construction. In 2022, the company entered into a new contract of 306.05 billion overseas, 12%, with other regions accounting for about 7%. Oil-producing countries in Africa, such as Nigeria, Algeria, Angola, etc., are public.
The Department's traditional core niche markets, which in recent years have been expanded by companies in “one-way” countries, particularly in the Middle East, South-East Asia and Central Asia, the Luthor Stadium of the Qatar World Cup, the Emirates Railway II, the Dubai Blue Sky Hotel's main structure, and many major engineering projects such as the Middle East.
At the end of the year, the company has accumulated more than 1,000 overseas works, with the largest number of new single contracts for foreign engineering contracts in China.
High record, corporate brand valuation and consulting agency Brandfinance, a total of 17.38% less than the year 2023. Under the “Overseas Priority” strategy, we look forward to the company's future overseas orders for 3.2 high-quality valuations to be restored.
On January 29, 2024, at the Central Enterprise and Local State Council meeting on the distribution of the market value of listed companies, the State Committee on Finance of the State Council indicated that on the basis of previous pilot explorations and accumulated experience, the market value management of listed companies would be fully rolled out, the process and results would be upheld and the results would be re-energized.
Qualitative evaluation of market performance of companies listed by central enterprises, objective evaluation of the market value management of enterprises, initiatives and effectiveness, and increased discipline for violations of red and bottom lines, leading enterprises to pay more attention to the intrinsic value and market performance of listed companies, to convey confidence, to stabilize expectations, and to return better to investors.
Full implementation of the “one-size-fits-all” test, combining the differences between common quantitative indicators and individual enterprises, with an increase in the number of responses based on a “one-for-one-five-per-cent” approach, based on the functional positioning of the enterprise, industry characteristics, major tasks, etc.