Top ten cities, core product bit3 up, i product is expected to boost performance recovery, computer software development.
In addition to the above-mentioned factors, the company’s profits are also affected by non-recurrent factors, such as personnel adjustments, loss of impairments, etc.
In 2024, corporate cloud services earned 68.5% of the revenue. By client, medium-sized corporate cloud services earned 7.9% more than yearsuite.
The company’s contractual liability is $3.05 billion, or +8.8 per cent, of which cloud business is more than +25.9 per cent.
In 2024, the company grew by more than 50% in the same year, establishing new subsidiaries such as Viet Nam, Japan, Germany, and helping Chinese companies such as Hong Kong Bay and Grei to go to the sea, cumulatively delivering 1,300 offshore customers in more than 40 countries and territories.
The Division issues a large model of business service pitfalls, Yongpt 2.0, effectively connects business needs to generic models through a large model platform, two application frames (agents and rag) and data closed in application. Alumni Network (600588.sh) - Income continues to increase, i.e., new products contribute to higher performance.
More than 100 scenarios covering finance, manpower, supply chains, etc., are expected to emerge at the Commissariat Group (human resources number). A friend network (600588.sh) - performance traps, with large client-led diversity. Releases r5 and r6 to enhance the integration, data services, globalisation capabilities and resources across the board.
A 50% reduction in consumption over the same year, savings of 30% in transportation costs, risk, loss of or lack of talent in key technologies, etc. Full progress in the development of the ai product, continued import by large clients.
In 2024, the company achieved operating income of $9,153 million, and the company’s revenue pressure was mainly due to: 1) the delayed demand phase of some clients, resulting in performance pressure; 2)
In addition to the above factors, corporate profits are also affected by the increase in amortization of capitalized intangible assets resulting from research and development inputs, the increase in financial compensation for separating staff, and the loss of impairment of long-term equity investments.
Figure 2: Corporate income and growth for the single season, Figure 3: Net profit and increase for the end-of-life network, Figure 4: Net profit and increase for the end-of-life network
Mainly influenced by changes in downstream demand and changes in business patterns. Companies achieve sales, management, and financial fees. Figure 6: Three cost changes in companies. 1) Software operations: user networks provide comprehensive, customized business tailored to the characteristics and needs of clients in different industries
Business management software solutions, including erp (enterprise resource planning), crm (customer relationship management), scm (supply chain management), hhm (human resource management), etc., are designed to help enterprises automate, inform and integrate business processes. In 2024, the software industry was affected by macroeconomic changes, and downstream customers pre-empted.
As large customers continue to import and core products such as ai are released, subsequent company software operations are expected to pick up steadily, and (2) cloud services: companies have developed a uap private cloud platform based on cloud computing techniques to support firms in building their own businesses.
There is a cloud environment that allows for flexible expansion and efficient management of resources. The cloud application services of the saas model, such as the financial cloud, the human cloud, the synergizing cloud, etc., are supported by virtual services of the iaas, including server, storage and network resources, to help companies build a stable and secure cloud computing environment.
At the same time, firms are pushing ahead with the subscription business model, with short-term implications. As the corporate business model shifts, the performance of core products such as yonbip cloud services, yonsuite, etc., is optimized, the application landscape continues to expand, and the company’s revenues are expected to grow faster.
3) Other business: In addition to business service software, cloud services, companies are involved in business Internet, finance, consulting and training, big data and business intelligence, and as digitization continues, the related business income rate (4) Māori: due to the reduced negative impact of business and organizational model reforms on revenue collection, companies embrace fully
One, continuously optimizing the product matrix, the cloud platform provides a solid foundation for further profit-making on the product line. After several adverse factors, such as impairments and changes in staffing, the company’s overall Māori ratio is expected to return to a warmer level at reasonable cost of control, with a period of cost: the company’s main business is software and cloud services, and management costs are closer to R&D costs.
Each year, the company upgrades its organizational model to a certain degree to raise its cost. With industry digitalization, demand for ai, cloud business, etc. surges, companies will maintain some R & D investment to enhance technological capabilities and respond to competition in the market. It is anticipated that the systemized product matrix will provide the company with a switchboard.
The increase in economic compensation has led to upswings in administrative costs, which are expected to decrease as the related matters are completed. Meanwhile, corporate-owned operations will continue to release profit dividends in the future, with effective tariff controls superimposed and inter-period cost rates expected to be controlled.
Cost of sales: According to the company's annual report, the number of sales personnel in 22/23/24 was in reasonable control and, with the restructuring of personnel, the company would further optimize the management system and the cost of research and development: cloud services, software, as revenues from the company's main business were at a critical stage in the i-turnover.
The cost of R & D in the company’s customer market is to promote the development of the ai product, and large customers continue to import it. Taking into account the company’s profit implications, the performance table is to be gradually restored and the “better than the big market” rating maintained.
We are optimistic about the expected sales and prices of corporate products, thereby overestimating the risk of performance over the next three years. Our projections of the Department for Maori over the next three years may also involve an underestimation of company costs and an overestimation of the Māori, leading to a risk that the company will have a profit forecast above real value over the next three years.
Since its inception, companies have been focusing on the area of business services and cloud services, adhering to basic technology Research and continuous technological innovation to lead technological change in the industry with autonomous innovation and to improve the public with good management experience
Companies focus on the development of their own intellectual property software products, based on autonomously controlled basic technology platforms that provide comprehensive, innovative and customized business products and services to customers of large, medium, and small companies. As software and cloud services develop, markets may become saturated, and new entrants may become new competitors.
Risks in R & D and market diffusion of new products: company R & D yongpt in 2023, further dissemination of large series of bip3-r2 products and continued expansion of markets, industry with high demand for technology and management, high pace of technological upgrading in the industry and continuous technological innovation by companies
In order to remain competitive, they will be overtaken by major technological breakthroughs by existing competitors. As globalization progresses, firms may also face international market competitors, international competitors may have higher levels of scientific skills, and international competitors may face intense competition in exports and domestic commercialization, with low or unexpected commercial value.
Risks from offshore operations: The company is fully expanding its overseas market strategy and is facing regulatory requirements under national laws and taxes.
Management experience and capacity will make it more difficult to coordinate corporate management and create business management risks, leading to a core breakthrough risk for company cloud services technology: cloud services will have to deal with big data and requests, and performance is a continuing challenge. How to improve computing efficiency, reduce delays, and optimize resource allocation will be nuclear.
An important aspect of a breakthrough. Cloud services need to be able to expand flexibly to meet the needs of users of different sizes, with structures that can be scalable to adapt to changing market demands, another key point in achieving a core breakthrough, with companies having more room for technological upgrading.
Critical technology brain drain or lack of risk: the development and management of critical skills is the dominant competitive edge of companies, and competition for skilled people in the industry will grow. If companies do not provide effective incentives in the future in terms of remuneration, treatment, etc., there will be a lack of attractiveness to skilled people, which may lead to the loss of existing core skilled personnel.
The risk of leaking core technologies: after many years of accumulation, firms have built up a range of core technologies that are core competitiveness and core secrets of the company.
The disclosure of relevant technology, data and confidential information in the production and operation process, which in turn leads to the disclosure of core technology, will affect, to a certain extent, the ability of companies to innovate in technology development and market competitiveness, with the author ensuring that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author