Autonomous progress can be made, and the leadership has been strengthened — the annual report for the semi-annual year 2019 (603019) assessed at $203 million net profit, an increase of 39.14 per cent over the previous year; and the net profit of $103 million net, an increase of 44.41 per cent over the same year.
The rapid growth of the harvest confirms the progress of the shipment. Autonomous and controlled lead status is further consolidated. \triangleright’s first six months of operating revenue of 225 million yuan, an increase of 765.3 per cent over the same period last year.
This represents an increase of 99.12% over the 18-year period, a rapid increase in income or an indication of the smoothness of chip production and a steady increase in the volume of shipments. While the autonomous control process is moving forward, the sea light information itself is gradually improving, and the first half is slowing down in the face of overseas fluctuations, through the search for alternative components and the adjustment of production plans.
Discovering the impact on production operations ensures continuous improvement in the performance of the sea light. We appreciate the company's superior position in the chip field, and as the volume of chips is increasing, the company is expected to play a role in the servers, storage operations, and the industry as it moves forward in areas such as national office substitution and commerce.
With regard to server products, in February 2019, the company’s Dawn 1980-g308 server updated its world record of the speccpu benchmark test, while following the trend of technological developments by introducing a marginal computing server for peripheral machine houses and operators. According to idc data, the share of cargo from the X86 server reached 11%.
With regard to storage products, company-issued distributed block storage software xstor can meet the diverse needs of users and achieve a landing in a wide range of areas, including finance, scientific research, transport, etc.
The Bank's 2019-2020 storage equipment purchase project, the acquisition of a large customer project, demonstrated its strength.
In June 2019, the company released the latest generation of silicone-cube-cold supercomputers at the 19th Congress in Germany, with the technology ahead. At the same time, the company was ranked third in the number of top-ranked ultra-calculators and continued to lead the industry in the new release of the global high-performance computer top 500 list.
Based on the accumulation of cloud computing, high-performance computers, the company has been fully involved in the political informatization and intelligent urban development of local governments through the creation of city clouds, the building of a large data platform for government, the continuous development of integrated production chains and a well-developed ecosphere, and has been successfully evaluated as the “Ten Solutions Providers of Smart Police”.
The company is one of the leading firms in the domestic server sector and one of the public authorities in the autonomous domain with the core technology. The company is expected to continue to benefit in the broader context of national substitution.
Increased competition in the server industry and less than expected chip production. 2. Central Science and Technology Dawn (603019): Synergy is increasing Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements
In 2019, he joined the Chinese Institute of Securities and Trade and the Shanghai University of Foreign Economics and Trade, where he joined the Chinese Institute of Education and Computers in 2019, and the London Kings College Master of Banking and Finance. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment consulting, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, which ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,