Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) on 20 August, the company released its semi-annual 2022 report, which achieved business income during the reporting period.
● The sales of titanium powder have increased steadily, the increase in the price of raw materials has led to a steady increase in corporate income, mainly as a result of the increased use of titanium powder and the release of new chlorination products. During the reporting period, the company sold 4691 million tons of titanium powder, an increase of 7.17 per cent over the same period.
At the same time, the parent company’s titanium production was at an all-time high, with 13,589.47 tons of titanium produced in the first half of 2022, an increase of 169.05% in the same year, and the sale of titanium, 14,521.17 tons, a rise in the same year.
Ifind data show that the average price of 2022H1 sulfate is 952.1 yuan per tonne, compared to 461.5 yuan per tonne in 2021. As of 2022.8.22, the price of sulfate has fallen to 394 yuan per tonne, and the company ' s operating costs are expected to return to normal levels in the second half of the year.
The downside demand for titanium is low and the company’s new production is gradually releasing booster performance. The company is the leader in the domestic titanium industry, with a capacity of 1.11 million tonnes/year and a capacity of 50,000 tonnes/year for sponges, all of which are among the world’s leading.
For the real estate chain, the price of titanium powder as a whole is showing a downward trend during the year, influenced by the downturn in the real estate industry. According to ifind data, as of 2022.8.22, titanium powder was offered at a spot price of $17.8 million per ton, down 15.42 per cent from the same period last year, and the industry is still in progress.
Down cycle. But, given that the prices of raw materials sulphate are now back to normal, there are also green manufacturing projects for 200,000 tons of chlorinated titanium per year, 500,000 tons of titanium climbing concentrate per year, and 300,000 tons of thiochlorinated titanium per year.
In the sequence, the associated capacity is expected to be released gradually, bringing about a new increase in the company’s performance. At the same time, ifind data suggest that sponge titanium prices are still high and largely stable, and that the company’s sponge operations are expected to maintain a higher level of profitability.
The new energy sources will accelerate the release of new energy materials. The second-largest growth in performance, 2.q3 performance is re-innovated, with titanium powder plus new energy sources.
Starting in the first half of 2021, the company took advantage of its own strengths to transform the new energy materials production chain and has now achieved technology surges in the fields of iron phosphate, lithium phosphate and graphite negative poles.
The company plans to produce 200,000 tons of battery-grade phosphate iron per year, 200,000 tons of lithium-ion-cell material per year, and 100,000 tons of lithium-ion batteries per year.
The graphite negative material project, the 200,000-ton annual production of lithium ion batteries, and the 150,000-ton annual production of electron-grade lithium phosphate. The company currently has a capacity of 50,000 tons/year of iron phosphate, 50,000 tons/year of lithium phosphate, and 25,000 tons/year of graphite. It is expected that by the end of the third quarter of this year the company will have a capacity of 50,000 tons/year of iron phosphate.
With the accelerated release of the above-mentioned projects, it is expected that the second-largest growth in company performance will be achieved. • Actively promote the development of thallium battery technology, and the integrated production model will gradually take shape.
With the advantage of high safety, high current tolerance, very long cycle life, scalability, recyclability, etc., there is a huge space for applications in long-term storage. This will boost demand for silicon resources as the entire liquid battery is industrialized.
As of the end of 2021, the stock of thallium ore reserves was 13.310.7 million tons, of which the amount of thallium metal oxides was 32.36 million, and the amount of thallium ore reserves made it possible for companies to reap the full dividends of the industrialization of thallium liquid flow batteries.
The company also has high-efficiency technology, which now allows it to extract oxidation from the waste acid and iron concentrate in titanium powder production at the same time, and the integrated use of the company's magnetic ore resources is increasing, and the resource advantage is gradually shifting to a competitive product advantage. Moreover, the company is still in the process of becoming a competitive product.
In the future, the company will actively promote the industrialization of thorium-based materials, taking into account the market for thorium batteries, and the production model of the integrated company resource + battery is gradually evolving into (1) corporate technology R & D less than expected:
(2) The company’s capacity is released at a slower rate than expected: using legally compliant information, the present report is produced independently and objectively. The data and information used in the present report are from publicly available information in the market, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained in the report will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.