The elasticity of product price hikes, looking at the ethanol import substitution - a research brief from Walluhingl (600426), we have recently conducted research on companies to communicate more closely with their management on business and future developments.
The water pulp gasification technology industry leads, with the new ammonia production capacity placed in the \triangleright company, the domestic coal industry pole company, the Texaco industry leader, in high-pressure water syrup.
Gasification technology, using low-cost powder and coal as raw materials, achieves a “one gas, one head” flexible co-producer, with an annual production capacity of 2.2 million tons of ammonia. With the company upgrading its traditional industries and cleaner production, the integrated use project was launched in the third quarter of 2017, the company will add 1 million tons of production capacity to its own platform.
Increasing urea production capacity to 2.5 million tons and adding 500,000 tons of combustible fertilizer will further reduce production capacity and achieve full methanol self-sufficiency. Due to significant cost edges, the company’s cost of urea production is 200-300 ton lower than the industry average, and the input of additional capacity will further enhance the company’s market for urea.
The coal-based ethanol project is a significant growth point in the company ' s future performance. \triangleright ' s 50,000 tons of ethanol project is currently operating well. Product quality has reached polyester level.
The company’s ethanol project will have a cost-competitive advantage in the domestic market, based on the company’s advanced synthetic gas process. In addition, the company has invested $2.6 billion in a 500,000-ton coal ethanol project.
Given the huge amount of ethanol needed in our polyester industry, but about 60% still needs to be imported, we see no room for significant development of coal-based ethanol in the country.
Average annual prices increased by 23 per cent; in 2017, the average price of dmf in Shandong was 5479 yuan per tonne, up from the average price in 2016; in Chinadong, the average price of acetic acid was 2750 yuan per tonne per year, up 30 per cent from the average price in 2016; in 2017, the average price of ethanol was 6880 yuan per tonne, up 27 per cent from the average price in 2016, and the company had 1.8 million tons of urea, 250,000 tons of dmf,
The production capacity of 500,000 tons of acetic acid and derivatives, 160,000 tons of adipic acid, 200,000 tons of polyols, 50,000 tons of melamine and 50,000 tons of ethanol, the prices of these products have risen, and companies have achieved great elasticity in their performance. Companies have received 2,459 million yuan in the first quarter, an increase of 31 per cent compared to 31 per cent in the previous quarter, resulting in a net return profit of 314 million yuan, a 42 per cent increase compared to the previous year.
To benefit from the increase in the prices of the above-mentioned products during the first quarter. 1. People's Chemical Weekly Report 2010612: Endamide follows 16x, 13x and 11x, and we value the flexible way in which the company produces its “one-size-fits-all” production and the cost advantages in the leading industries.
The trend has continued, with chemical prices falling for the most part, while the 500,000 tons of ethanol project, once completed, will be the most important growth point in the company's future performance, leading to a national report on the dynamics of the biochemical urea industry: positive.
Import substitution of ethylene diol with a “strongly recommended” rating. See, for example, the reversion of the urea landscape. 3. Chemical Industry Investment Strategy Report 2017: Search
The ethanol project is not as productive as expected; there is a risk of a sharp fall in the prices of corporate products.
Yang Lin, Bachelor of Chemical Engineering and Technology, Master ' s Degree, Certified Accountant, China University of Chemical Technology, former Director of Chemical Industries, PricewaterhouseCoopers ' Office of PricewaterhouseCoopers, State Securities, Taiping Ocean Securities Institute, first author of 2 papers published in the international prestigious Sci journal, joined the Chemical Corps of the Democratic Securities Institute, April 2017 Fan Jingsong, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials Science and Engineering, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Materials Science and Engineering, General Engineer, Central University of Technology, Lille, France
Rubber, titanium powder, new materials, compost, civil explosives, etc. The authors of large bulk products such as pvc, rubber and biodegradable plastics, carbon-deep processing, flame retardants, etc., have a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels, and the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the authors, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.