Smicq3 performance over-expected, benefiting from the crystal circle price boom — Mid-Chu International (688981) issues evaluation report date: 16 October 2020
As of 30 September 2020, there are three months of income and a Maori ratio.
Crystal circle price hikes drive a significant upward q3 performance expectation: the latest bulletin shows that the increase in revenue is attributed to changes in the product mix and increases in other business income, while the change in the product portfolio may be related to an 8-inch crystal round increase.
Market value (millions of dollars) in circulationa, power management chip pmic, fingerprint recognition chip, bluetooth chip, special share relative to depth 300 index
The demand for applications such as storage chips has grown rapidly, with eight-inch crystal-crystal orders bursting, and a middle core full of international production. It is worth noting that the center core was previously restricted by US exports, but the ban does not apply to the center core countries in terms of the company's current performance.
In the lead-up to the crystal-round industry, the advantage of the market is to highlight the fact that companies are the most sophisticated, technologically advanced, multi-national players with the best services available.
In the field of logical and characteristic processes, China-Crystal International is the first integrated circuit-crystal-crystal industry in mainland China to produce 14 nmfinfet volumes, and
Data cut-off date: October 15, 2020: China’s most advanced 24nand, 40nm high-performance image sensors, etc.
(The company held 51 per cent of the shares; the planned completion of the national production phase of the project resulted in a production capacity assessment of _aaa_Crysium International (688981) and a half-yearly review of 100,000 pieces), which boosted the demand for at least 6 billion pieces of equipment, driving upstream equipment.
Business benefits. The company, as a crystal-crystal-heading industry, has a unique technological advantage, and an export ban in the United States or will drive the company to accelerate the introduction of the state-owned high-end chip _aaa_middle core International (688981) report for the first time.
Xia Qingqing, He's a 5-g plus advanced process to help increase the demand for crystal round: as the technology of 5-g continues,
The electronics sector’s demand for advanced-range high-end chips has surged. China’s integrated circuit industry has experienced rapid growth thanks to such advantages as huge market demand, rich demographic dividends, stable economic growth and a favourable national industrial policy environment.
At present, there is a mismatch between supply and demand in the integrated circuit market in mainland China, which offers a broad market outlook for companies. • Risk factors: technological innovation is less than expected, industry competition increases risk, and external
The risk of increased technical blockade.