20q3 over-expected performance, strong demand for national production q3 over-expected performance and up-to-date year income growth projected 1) over-expected revenue: 20q3 companies achieved $1.083 billion, an increase of 32.6 per cent and an increase of 15.3 per cent over the previous period
\triangleright 1) The state-of-the-art technology applications of the company are diverse, the first generation (14nm) is well advanced to the industry level, the second generation (n+1) is in a small quantity of test products; mature applications platform demand is strong and comes from power management, radio frequency signal processing, fingerprint recognition, etc.
The growth in revenues associated with image signal processing has been significant, with capacity utilization remaining at a high level of 97.8 per cent. (2) The company has revised its capital expenditure from $6.7 billion to $5.9 billion for the whole year 2020, mainly because of US export controls, which have resulted in the US Department's planned capital expenditure of $4.3 billion for the year.
The ihsmarkit predicts that the size of the global iksmarkit market will increase from $58.5 billion in 2020 to $86.1 billion in 2025, with advanced processes rising from 36 per cent in 2020 to more than 50 per cent in 2025.
In 2019, our trade deficit in integrated circuits was $204 billion, with a huge gap; 56% of the production of crystals was taken over by the station, with a total share of only 28% of the new cores in China and China, the China Rainbow Group and Wuhan, which are in critical need of development.
The best technology for submissive industries in the continent, with two to three years on the horizon, is one of the only five manufacturers in the world with 14 nm volume capacity, with the continent's full and mature logic, process, first breakthrough and only professional crystallized miller with 14 nm production capacity, launched in 2020, n+1.
The process exceeds the grid core (12nm), combined power (14nm) and is expected to be rolled out n+2 in 2021, following up on station power and three star steps into an advanced global surrogate production totop.
2. Central Kernel International (688981): It is proposed to jointly invest in a process of 28 nm or more, continuously up to 94 times, taking into account that the company is the only one in the continent with a complete mature logic process and 14 nm process.
• China-United States trade friction risk, research and development progress less than expected, and the impact of the new crown epidemic.
Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, served in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity and Investment Company Ltd., and obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from the Shanghai University of Transport, and a Bachelor of Science and a Master of Finance from the University of Maritime Finance.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.