On December 18, the U.S. Department of Commerce website announced the formal inclusion of China Harbour International and associated entities in the list of entities.
After the company has been added to the List of Entities, the U.S. Department of Commerce will review the approval policy for products or technologies used for 10 nm and the following technology nodes (including ultra-UV technology) under the relevant U.S. laws and regulations. Because of the U.S. Panforest, U.S. appliance, etc., the U.S. companies are in high-end semiconductor equipment,
Other products or technologies that apply to U.S. Export Control Regulations can be supplied to companies by suppliers with export licences from the U.S. Department of Commerce, and companies are expected to develop mature processes in the future.
According to the third quarterly report, 28 nm and below are the most advanced processes in the international core collection structure in the third quarter of 2020.
This compares to 14.6%, with more than 28nm having a maturity ratio of 85.4% to 6,523 million yuan. And ihsmarkit predicts that the size of the global crystal round labour market will rise from $58.5 billion in 2020 to $86.1 billion in 2025, of which more than 28nm has a maturity ratio of 48% and market size of $41,429 million, at $1 = 6.5 yuan.
Rate conversion, approximately RMB 269,289 million, is 10.32 times the 2003 China-King International maturity harvest. As new energy vehicles/new energy generation/monitored video/consumption electronics continue to develop, the demand for mature process chips such as semiconductor/image/radio frequency surges, mega-innovation/capture technology/Dzumi/Stap Half-guided/Wear shares, etc.
Most chip-designers are in mature process platforms, creating capacity constraints, large gaps, and predicting that this trend will continue over a longer period of time, providing a vast space for the development of a mature process platform in China.
Following the inclusion of China Harbour in the list of entities by the US Department of Commerce, it is expected that future development priorities will shift to mature processes, with a significant increase in the supply of domestically produced equipment and materials due to supply chain security concerns. On December 4, the company announced a joint venture with major funds to develop a 28nm and above-range integrated circuit project.
Other domestic crystal-crystal and idm manufacturers have had an impact, accelerating national production substitution to the advantage of upstream domestic equipment and materials. The highest proportion of semiconductor equipment imported on the mainland in 2019 was plating equipment at 32 per cent (23 per cent chemical gas phase deposition + 9 per cent physical gas phase deposition), followed by corrosion equipment at 18 per cent, and fuselators at 12 per cent, leaving oxidation.
Some 10%, 9%, 4%, 4%, etc. Trade friction risks, R & D less than expected, and production capacity less than expected.
Summary of company financial statement data projections, Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from the Shanghai Transport University.
The authors, who possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment advisory profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the authors, seeking to be objective, impartial and free from any third party by reasoning their judgement and drawing conclusions.