The advanced process is short-term limited, the mature process space is huge, the center core international (688981.sh) December 21st, 2020.
Incident: On December 18, 2020, U.S. Department of Commerce Bis officially announced that China Harbour International and associated entities would be placed on the “entity list”, that the need for clearance of the 10 nm and the following processes would be explicitly rejected, and that the maturity process would be significantly affected by advanced short-term R & D and expansion of production.
On the one hand, due to the fact that most of the equipment and materials in advanced process are in the hands of American manufacturers, such as equipment manufacturers, lam, kla, spare parts manufacturers, mks and materials manufacturers, US gas, etc., the China-Key International has also announced that it is expected to have a significant negative impact on the R & D and capacity building of advanced processes under 10 nm.
On the other hand, the maturity process will require licensing and will have some impact on companies, but the development process is expected to have a manageable impact on the maturity process, which has been pre-positioned for equipment and spare parts and, in the long run, will also be actively imported into the United States by China.
..In the first place, due to the disruption of advanced process development, it has had to focus temporarily on mature process. Second, microchips using mature process such as radio frequency, power semiconductor, etc. benefit from new downstream energy cars, new power generation,
The demand for rapid development in areas such as security has increased significantly. The crystal circle industry is now fully productive, and some of the mills have started to increase their prices, and the q3 performance statement from China-Chole International indicates that the company's orders are set at 2021q2, so the center-Crystain-Crys International is expected to develop a full-fledged process.
The co-financing of $5 billion in registered central kernel capital, plus a mature crystal round manufacturing code of over 12 inches to 28 nm, is also covered by the company ' s update report - production capacity is in short supply, demonstrating the firm ' s commitment to the future ownership of the mature core supply chain, which will continue to operate normally.
• The hidden opportunities behind the crisis, the larger development opportunities of home-grown equipment and materials traders.
The leadership, the landing board sails -- the security of the supply chain, so domestic semiconductor equipment and materials manufacturers will be given more certification opportunities, and we will have a firm view of the domestic semiconductor equipment and materials industry chain for the long term.