Satellite petrochemicals: c3+c2 in parallel, with a wide range of growth spaces The Pacific Securities Institute (PSI) preface: As the global epidemic is under control, end demand is steadily recovering, and the international oil price hub has been raised to $65-70 as the global epidemic has been brought under control, and the end demand has been steadily restored, superimposed with a drop in production.
Cost- and demand-side resonance brings up the price of chemical products and the high profile of the chemical industry. This report deals with phase one of the ethane fission ethylene project, which provides answers to market concerns about the stability of raw materials, prices, costs, etc. - and measures phase one profit center of $2.9 billion, phase two which is expected to start production in mid-2022 and is fully recognized in the company's original c3 chain market.
Since its inception, the company has grown into a domestic c3 industrial chain, with the addition of 180,000 tonnes/year acrylic acid and 300,000 tonnes/year acrylic acid production and further consolidation of the tap. At the same time, the company has opened the c2 industry chain since 2017 to promote the ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene
The project, which ran through the global raw materials supply chain, was tested in April 2021, produced qualified products in May and is operating steadily.2 U.S. ethane supplies are adequate and price-stable, and companies have access to the global raw materials supply chain, which, according to eia, at the end of 2021 amounted to 2.45 million barrels per day of ethane production in the United States, 60 per cent more than in 2019, and exports reached 440,000 barrels per day compared to 2019
The prices of ethane in the United States have been highly correlated with US gas prices since 2012, and are expected to remain stable until the supply of ethane is relaxed and export bottlenecks are eliminated. The company has tied up the big US energy giants at the end of the feedstock, new export terminals are operational, the first Vlec has been delivered, and the first Vlec to be loaded with ethane has arrived successfully in October 2020, marking a global raw material supply.
The route should be officially opened, with significant pre-emptive advantages, and high barriers to the chain will be difficult to find new entrants in the short term.3 The ethylene ethylene route is low-cost, technologically mature, the three production routes for ethylene are comparable, the ethylene fission process is short, yield is high, investment is low, pollution is low, and costs are globally competitive.
The number of planned ethylene fission ethylene projects over the years is high, but only one satellite has made substantial progress. The company’s technology package comes from a well-known industry company, cb&i-lummus, with sound technology. We measure the cost of ethylene petrochemicals from satellites at about $540 per ton, 28% lower than the cost of the country’s graphite oil routes and 36% lower than the cost of coal routes.
The main products of Project C2 are high-density polyethylene hdpe and ethanoleg. Domestic imports have increased year by year, reaching 51% external dependence in 2019, Hdpe is the most important category of pe, with 43% consumption, 48% imports, demand prospects, and import substitution space.
Large. Ethylene is another highly import-dependent species in the country, with external dependence reaching 56% in 2020. Although both hdpe and eg have been in production-intensive release periods in recent years, satellite petrochemicals use the ethylene fission project, and reliance on low-cost ethylene provides significant cost advantages for pe and eg, which will benefit from large import-substitution space.
5. The project returns the net profit center of $2.9 billion from 2016 to the present, and we select the net profit center of the project from 2016 to the present. The results show that the net profit center of nearly five years is $2.9 billion, reflecting greater profitability, while the average annual profit base of the project is $700 million, reflecting a very high level of resistance to risk. Analysis shows that the price of feedstock ethane is less relevant to oil prices, and that the cost is relative.
Low, with a small impact on project profitability, and a strong correlation between product prices and oil prices, as well as a direct and significant impact on project profitability due to industry supply and demand patterns.
2. The ethane fission ethylene project opens up a growth space 2.1 US ethane is well supplied and the company has access to the global raw material supply chain 2.2 ethylene ethylene route at low cost and technological maturity
2.3 Polyethylene and ethylene import substitution space is large, low-cost is profit security 1, consolidation of c3 leader status, development of c2 industrial chain, cultivation c3, opening c2
Since its inception, the company has cultivated the c3 industrial chain, with the country’s first set of private Acid devices, and continues to go up and down, upstream, building pdh, downstream building sap, high molecular emulsions, etc., which has grown to be the backbone of the country’s c3 industrial chain. Investments have been made since 2017 to become a single cloudy port of petrochemicals, opening the c2 industrial chain, advancing the ethylene fission project, phase one of which connects the world.
The material supply chain, which was tested in April 2021, produced qualified products in May, is stable and enters the harvest period.
Since the launch of 450,000 tons of pdh in 2014, the company has been steadily moving up and down in c3 and has developed a complete industry chain of “propane-propylene-propylene-propyl acid and esters-high molecular polymers” to become a domestic c3 integrated flagship. Using low-cost ethylene from the shale gas revolution in the United States, the company has been steadily moving forward with the ethylene fission project, phase one, since 2017.
Downstream, the main layouts are polyethylene and ethylene diol.
Tons/yearly high molecular emulsions, 150,000 tonnes/yearss sap, 220,000 tonnes/years of dioxygen water, and 21,000 tonnes/year of pigment intermediate capacity. The company flat lake base, with additional capacity of 180,000 tonnes/year of acrylic acid and 300,000 tonnes/year of acrylic acid, is also expected to be completed in the near future, while 220,000 tonnes/year of aerobic water, 300,000 tonnes/year of polypropene are expected to be completed by the end of 2021.
Ton/year, 250,000 tonnes/year of polyether large monomer; phase II is expected to be completed by mid-2022, with additional capacity of 400,000 tonnes/year, eo/eg 1, consolidation of the c3 flagship status, and the opening of the c2 industrial chain. The shareholders in the company are Zhejiang Satellite Holdings Ltd., which effectively controls Yang Weidong, Yang Yajin and holds a total of 35.28% of the company ' s shares.
Since the company was listed, there have been a number of employee holdings and restrictive stock incentives, the most recent of which was on 22 January 2021. A limited stock of 3.37 million shares, representing 0.28% of the company’s total equity of 1,226 million, are proposed for 105 persons.
Competitiveness is important. 1, consolidation of the c3 leader, opening up the c2 chain of industry, as can be seen from the evolution of the company’s development mileage and production capacity over time, along with the gradual expansion of the company’s capacity to produce its products and its integrated composition, and the company’s ability to produce its products.
As a result of the continuing price decline, the impact of the collapse in oil prices and the epidemic in 2020, the net return profit of companies remained at $1.661 billion, compared with +30%, the highest annual net profit record, which is more indicative of the stability of the company’s profitability.
The consolidation of the c3 vanguard, the opening of the c2 chain since 2017, with the gradual deployment of the company ' s c2 chain and the gradual expansion of the c3 chain, many projects are being built in tandem, while the company ' s use of debt financing as the main financing instrument has led to an increase in the asset-liability ratio, but it remains within reasonable limits.
The company ' s Māori ratio has gradually increased and stabilized since 2015, as the whole industry profile of the company progresses, and in recent years it has been established as the one, consolidated c3 leader, with the C2 industry chain of iwi, acrylic acid and esters remaining at about 85 per cent.
Since its inception, C3 chains have been in production since 2021, and prior to this, the company ' s main collections and Māori contributions were acrylic, acrylic acid and esters, which remained stable at around 85 per cent over the years, and it is expected that the ratio will rise as the c2 chains move forward, with the company ' s c3 chain integration, the overall Māori rates of AC and esters rising steadily.
1. Consolidation of the status of c3 with the opening of the c2 industrial chain  medium- and long-term growth guaranteed by high growth in capital expenditure , with the main input being the ethylene fission device for petrochemical ethylene in the Quantities Harbour.
In the last two years, corporate capital expenditure has also increased rapidly, reaching 2,556 million yuan in 2019, an increase of 119.02 per cent in the same year, and continued high growth in 2020.
The company ' s 2.5 million tonnes/year ethylene fission project uses the import of ethylene ethylene ethane in the United States with polyethylene, ethylene ethylene ethylene/ethylene ethylene scavenging devices. The project is planned to invest a total of 33 billion yuan in two phases of construction. A total of 19.5 billion yuan (which could actually be reduced to about 15 billion yuan) is planned for the construction of 400,000 tonnes/year hdpe units and two eco/eg cogeneration units. The project was completed on 29 December 2020.
In addition to significantly improving the company’s performance, the project will be complemented by the existing c3 chain, which will diversify the company’s product, increase its resilience to risks, and significantly enhance the company’s industrial impact and sustainable development capacity.
In September 2017, the Framework Agreement for Cooperation on the Model Industrial Parks Project for the Integrated Use of 4 million tonnes of Hydrocarbons produced in January 2018 was signed with the Quixin District Management Committee in Lienhuang Province. In January 2018, the Quanhuan Pulse Project was established and a feasibility study on the 2.5 million tonnes of ethylene fission project was subsequently completed and the project was officially declared to be Quantified.
In March 2018, a joint venture with the United States energy transport company, eergytransfer, spmt, was set up to build the third ethane exit dock in the United States, with an export capacity of 175,000 barrels/day (3.5 million tonnes/year) and the company ' s demand for ethane is about 3 million tonnes/year.
In March 2018, the company signed an agreement on the supply of ethane and a memorandum of understanding on the transport of ethane with ergytransfer and Navigatorgas of the United Kingdom seafarer, respectively, which were formally opened by tripartite cooperation, and in July 2018 the first lease of vlec was signed to address the issue of material security for the project.
In September 2020, one of the six vlecs prepared for the first shipment and the remaining five scheduled for delivery in the first half of 2021.In August 2020, six additional vlecs were constructed for phase II. (four of them were also constructed by three-star heavy and modern heavy labourers and transferred to Singapore in October, and will be delivered successively from the second quarter of 2022, and two chartered vessels were signed by companies with the South-West China Sea in Tianjin.)
In October 2020, the export terminal became operational and the first vessel, vlec, was successfully arrived at the docks at the Bay of Clouds, successfully unloaded the ship, opened the passage from the docks to the industrial tank area, and officially opened the global raw materials supply corridor of the Yundu project.
In April 2021, the device was tested for production of qualified products and operated smoothly. 2.1 ethane in the United States is well supplied and the company has been able to access the global raw material supply chain. ethane is a fraction of shale gas that is second only to methane.
The most important ingredient in shale gas is methane, generally at about 80%, followed by ethane, generally at 10-20%, then butane, generally at less than 10%, and above c4 and other gases generally at less than 1%.
The global supply of ethane is concentrated in the United States and the Middle East, where the global share is expected to reach 50 per cent and 30 per cent, respectively, in 2023, with a combined share of 80 per cent. The Middle East, with its rich oil field resources, has significant ethane resources, but there is a large number of ethane fission devices, and since no new large oil field projects have been developed in recent years, there is no new ethane resources available for export in the Middle East.
The shale oil and gas revolution in the United States has brought rich ethane resources, making the United States the only exporter of ethane at present. The main global supply of ethane in the future is well supplied with ethane in the United States. The company has access to the global raw material supply chain.
U.S. ethane is transported from upstream shale gas, to midstream treatment, to downstream export docks, and finally transported to Chinese docks via the vlec ship. 99% of the ethane in the U.S. comes from gas treatment plants. The entire production process is as follows: shale gas and oil-field frenzys are mined and first sent to natural gas treatment plants for separation and separation from methane-based gas, supported by ethane into gas pipelines (the U.S. gas pipeline requires ethane content to be variable).
More than 12%, with the remaining ngl (the main ethane, supported by propane/butane), transported through the pipeline to the bm-distillation centre, separated ethane was sent to the local ethane fission device or to the export dock, and the remaining lpg (propane+butane) was delivered to the consumer terminal by car, train or ship. Because ethane (-88 degrees) boiling point was below propane (-46 degrees), it could not be stored in high-pressure tanks and could only be transported as propane.
Low-temperature refrigerated liquefied, transport and storage require specialized cryogenic gas transport vessels or ethane receiving stations. 2.1 The supply of ethane in the United States is sufficient, and companies have access to the global raw material supply chain, and the supply of ethane in the United States is expected to remain relaxed.
The constant accumulation of natural gas, combined with the slower pace of the U.S. downstream ethylene project, is expected to keep ethane resources loose in the U.S. and, in the case of remaining bottlenecks at export terminals such as wharfs, the unbridled exterior posture in the U.S. allows companies to access stable and cheap resources. According to eia, the production of ethylene in the U.S. in 2020 was about 1.7 million barrels per day, with 281,000 barrels per day exported, with exports accounting for about 16.5%.
At the end of 2021, ethane production in the United States reached 2.45 million barrels per day and exports reached 440,000 barrels per day.
The supply of ethane in the United States is expected to remain relaxed at about 35%: In January 2020, for example, 107 and 2.35 million barrels/day were separated from shale gas in the United States from oilfields, totalling 3.42 million barrels/day. The output of ethane was 2.240,000 barrels/day, 1,8 million barrels/day in return, and 35% of the return.
In the fee structure, domestic consumption of ethane in the United States is estimated at 1.7 million barrels per day, while exports are estimated at 280,000 barrels per day and stockpiles are estimated at 260,000 barrels per day.The remaining availability of ethane in the United States (including comments) is significantly higher than the global demand for new ethane: assuming that the planned production of ethylene fission capacity in 2022 is complete, global demand for new ethane consumption is still far from the U.S. supply limit, and the remaining available ethane is expected to remain at 14 million tonnes per year.
Chart: Balance of supply and demand of ethane (million barrels/day) January 2020: U.S. residual availability of ethane is significantly higher than the global demand for new ethane
2.1 U.S. ethane is well supplied, and companies have access to the global raw material supply chain. U.S. ethane prices have been highly correlated with gas prices in recent years. Prior to 2012, U.S. ethane prices were highly relevant to international crude oil prices, but then moved away from the crude oil price implications and changed relevance to US gas prices.
Strong. Because production of ethane is growing faster than consumption by local petrochemicals, but there is no other market for applications, natural gas producers can only re-enter it into the pipe network for heating value. Since 2017, as the ethylene fission ethylene device in the United States has grown in demand, the price of ethane has started to rise higher than that of natural gas, but except for the second half of 2018, where the price of ethane is concentrated because of local ethane fission capacity, and where supply shortages have led to a sharp increase in the price of ethane overall and natural gas.
2.1 U.S. ethane is well supplied, the company has access to the global raw material supply chain, and the U.S. ethane export facility was a bottleneck. In 2018-2019, the U.S. ethane export bottleneck was due to insufficient distillation capacity.
The U.S. export of ethane is a bottleneck when it is exported. The U.S. export of ethane is transported from the bm underground rock through the pipeline to the export facility, which includes ethane liquefied devices, deep cold storage tanks, and dedicated docks. Prior to the launch of the Naderland terminal project, involving the petrochemical participation of the 2020q4 satellite, which has 175,000 barrels/day of ethane export capacity, the combined export capacity of the two ethane export terminals in the U.S. was approximately 5.5 million tonnes/year. According to open contract information, about 5 million tonnes/year of capacity already existed.
Aec export capacity of 10 million tonnes/year of ethane in martinterminal, with terminals earmarked for export to China already under construction in 2019, originally planned for 2022, has been put on hold, with high levels of uncertainty about production. eia projects that ethane production in the United States can be exported at 0.99 million barrels/day based on production and domestic consumption in the United States, while the current export capacity at the docks totals 990,000 barrels/day.
For 450,000 barrels per day, after 480,000 barrels per day of export capacity at the martin terminal in 2022, the total export capacity will reach 930,000 barrels per day, which is conservatively estimated to meet export requirements even if the production of ethane in the United States remains stable.
Vlecethane transporter is a further barrier to the supply chain: Boiling Point - 88.5°C, which requires low temperature high pressure for storage transport, so high requirements are placed on shipping conditions, which require severe cell controls of temperature and pressure. Vlec on the market now consists mainly of Indian reliance ethane transport vessel, with a capacity of 8.7w cubes.
In China, companies such as Jiangnam, which has the capacity to build large-scale ethane transport vessels, are building the largest English-based Vlec project in the world, with a capacity of 9.9w cubes. The limited number of verecethane transport vessels is also one of the reasons for limiting exports of ethane, while vlec has a large investment, a long construction cycle and matches the purchase and sale agreement.
2.1 The U.S. is well supplied, the company has access to the global raw materials supply chain, the company's raw materials are tied to the U.S. energy giant, and the export terminal is operational.
There are four major ethane suppliers in the United States of America: enterprise, targar, oneok, emergytransferpartners, lp (etp), who control about 60-70% of the supply of ethane in the United States and are responsible for investing in gas treatment plants, transport and storage facilities, distillation devices, and export terminals. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
In March 2018, the company’s wholly-owned satellite petrochemicals (United States) formed a joint venture with the firm pelgytransfers, rp (etp) sspmt, orbitgulfcoastalexports, lc. (47% of the company’s shareholding) to build an export facility for ethane in Texas, locking in ethyl in the United States.
The Naderland export terminal project, built by Orbit in Texas, is operational with 2020q4. The Naderland export terminal will have 175,000 barrels/day of ethane refrigeration capacity and 800,000 barrels of storage tanks, of which the company will use 150,000 barrels/day (3 million tonnes/year).
There are also high barriers to domestic imports of ethane, similar to U.S. export facilities, which include proprietary terminals, deep-cold storage tanks, and pipeline-to-break facilities. Government approvals, geographical regulations, long-term investments, and another high barrier in the chain of ethane imports.
2.1 U.S. ethane is well supplied and the company has access to the global raw materials supply chain. The first Vlec has been delivered and the global raw materials supply chain has been connected. In March 2019, the company contracted the construction of a total of six ethane transport vessels, three each for the Korea Modern Heavy Worker and three for the Samsung Heavy Worker, with a capacity of 98,000 cubic metres.
The first was delivered in November 2020, and the remaining five were delivered in the first half of 2021. The company will gradually build its own fleet. All six are owned by the Malaysian oil shipping subsidiary Misc, with a 15-year fixed-term charter contract with satellite petrochemicals, with a total rent of about $1.5 billion.
In August 2020, six additional vlecs were constructed for phase II, four of which were also constructed by three-star heavy and modern heavy labourers and transferred in October to the shipowner of the New Gacaca, Easternpacificship, to be delivered from the second quarter of 2022, while two additional vessels were contracted by the company and the South-West Sea Ship in Tianjin to commission the construction of the ship in Jiangnan, which is expected to be delivered between June and September 2022.
In October 2020, the export terminal became operational, and the first Vlec ethane-filled terminal was successfully arrived at the terminal at Lien Yun, successfully unloading the ship, opening the terminal to the factory material tank area, and officially connecting the global raw material supply route of the Cloud Harbour project. 2.2 The ethylene ethylene route is low-cost and technically mature.
Lower-stream industrial chains: ethylene is the basis for the production of a variety of organic chemical products and fibres, rubbers, plastics and three main composites. Many chemical products such as polyethylene (54%), ethylene ethanol (20%), styrene (10%) and polyvinylene (7%) can be produced.
Production processes: The production route for ethylene is divided into three main types depending on the raw material produced, one based on petroleum sources, which produces ethylene and acetylene using hydrocarbon-based vapour fissions, such as paracephaly oil; two based on coal, which acquires ethylene and acetylene through processes such as gasification, methanol synthesis and methanol-based acetylene; and three based on ethylene, acetylene, etc., which is based on light alkaline hydrocarbons, and is made of ethylene by vapour fission.
Basicly non-tradable, large demand for equivalents: due to the need for ethylene to be stored below 100°c below zero, the volume of trade is small, mainly in the form of derivatives. 2.2 The ethylene route is low-cost and technologically mature
Since 2018, global ethylene supplies have entered a new cycle of expansion of capacity, mainly from the United States and China. From 2019 to 2020, we became the dominant region for ethylene expansion, accompanied by the hemometric petrochemicals of private refineries, Zhejiang petrochemicals, and subsequent state-run manufacturing plants.
The country accounted for about 90 per cent and 60 per cent of the additional global ethylene production from 2019 to 2020, respectively. 2.2 The cost of the ethylene route is low and the technologically mature world ethylene raw materials will become lighter and more diversified.
The world's ethylene raw materials show different directions of development depending on the resource, with an overall trend of lightliness and diversification. The ethylene ethylene ethylene harvest is high at 80% to 85%, with the advantages of high rates, low energy consumption, short processes and low cost, while the ethyl ethyl ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl
According to ihsmarkit, the world share of ethylene raw materials in 2019 was 40% ethylene and 39% quartz oil, respectively. The large export of cheap ethylene in North America gave the producers of ethylene in Asia and the Pacific and Western Europe an opportunity to change the structure of the raw material, and the global share of ethylene will continue to rise.
Chart: Major planned ethane fission device 2.2 ethylene-based route in the United States, 2019-2022, low cost, technological maturity Comparison of ethylene production routes, significant advantage in satellite petrochemical costs
The larger the molecules of the material, the longer the process, the higher the equipment is invested, the more energy is consumed and the more pollution is caused, the shorter the ethylene process, the lowest investment in the equipment, the lower cost of the raw material and the least contamination, the lower the cost of the raw material but the longest, the longest, the most energy-consuming and the most polluting.
The cost of ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene in North America is US$ 2.5/million EH at US$ 360/tonne, assuming US$ 180/tonne for transport to China, and we expect the cost of ethylene ethylene petrochemicals in the United States to be about US$ 540/tonne, 28 per cent lower than the cost of the domestic cerebral oil route and 36 per cent lower than the cost of the coal route. 2.2 The cost of ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene
The cost of the ethylene route is globally competitive, according to ihsmarkit, and the ethylene route in North America has always been the lowest cost compared to other ethylene routes in other regions. ihsmarkit expects to start again after 2022, and the price of ethylene will be on the rise.
2.2 The cost of the ethylene ethylene route is low and technologically mature China ' s ethylene supply and demand is growing at a rapid pace. In 2019, the domestic ethylene production capacity was about 3 million tonnes/year, with a total capacity of 28.550,000 tonnes/year; it continued to grow by about 4 million tonnes/year in 2020, and the total production capacity of the ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl
Up to 32.53 million tonnes/year. Annual domestic production of ethylene in 2020 reached 21.85 million tonnes, and the rate of start-up continued to decline to 67.2%. Ethylene consumption rose rapidly in 2019 to 23.2 million tonnes/year, a 9.7% increase compared to the 9.7% increase. The epidemic was affected in 2020 and slowed down to 23.7 million tonnes/year, a 3.1% increase compared to the 3.1% increase.
Net domestic imports of ethylene have risen year by year, reaching 2.5 million tons in 2019, and import dependence has remained high at around 11%. By 2020, net imports declined to 1.880,000 tons, while import dependence remains at 8%. Pacific securities 2.2 ethylene-based routes are low-cost and technologically mature.
China’s Ethylene Ethylene Ethylene Ethylene (Ethylene Ethylene Ethylene Ethylene Ethylene Ethylene Ethylene Ethylene Ethylene)
Zhejiang petrochemicals, Quan State petrochemicals, gullified with millions of tons of ethylene devices, and Xinpo Chemical, Mandarin Chemical alkaline cracks.
New ethylene production is more than 10 million tons, and the domestic ethylene industry is becoming more competitive. But we think that new ethyl production can be absorbed gradually by the market, because we have a new ethyl every year.
The demand for ethylene is 3-4 million tonnes and the annual import of ethylene equivalent is 24 million tonnes. 2.2 The ethylene route is low cost and technically mature.
In 2020, China produced 23.26 million tons of ethylene, still dominated by ethylene.
As a result of several major private refinings between 2019 and 2020, the production of oil-based ethylene in large quantities led to a decline in coal-based ethylene production as a percentage of capacity, in 2020.
Coal-based production capacity is about 6.07 million tons, compared with the sharp fall in international oil prices in 2020, the build-up of the epidemic, the weakening of demand and domestic coal-based ethylene production.
We're in a difficult position. At a time when ethylene is growing at home and abroad, coal-based hydrocarbons face low-cost production challenges, and we expect a follow-up project.
The construction process is very uncertain. 2.2 The ethylene ethylene route is low-cost and technologically mature.
Until 2018, there were no ethylene fission devices based solely on light hydrocarbons, until 2019, when Xinpu chemistry, and 2020, when Xanax chemical light hydrocarbon cracks were put into production, both of which were mixed light hydrocarbons, and the company’s 1.25 million tons of production capacity would be the country’s first installation of ethylene based on ethylene in the United States. There have been a number of planned ethylene fission projects in recent years, with a total capacity of more than 20 million tons per year.
Most of the alternatives to the production of ethane are planned to import ethane raw materials. There are only substantial advances in Xinpu chemistry, Xanhua chemistry, and satellite petrochemical projects, while Xinpu chemical capacity of 650,000 tonnes/year and Xinhua chemical capacity of 1 million tonnes/year were selected as mixed light-carbon fission routes and pure ethylene fission projects were only one 2.2 ethylene routes at low cost and technological maturity.
The cost advantages of the ethylene fission route are significant " from low-cost ethane resources in the United States, and even when port charges, shipping costs and import duties are added, the cost advantages of company adoption of ethylene fission are significant, thus giving significant cost advantages to end-products pe, eo, eg as well. "
High barriers make it difficult to have new entrants in the short term. Low-cost ethane raw materials come only from the United States, and export terminals, Vlec transport ships, etc., create high barriers, making it difficult for new entrants in the short term.
Ethylene fission ethylene is one of the technologies of light hydrocarbon fission, which is mature and has extensive experience in the design, construction, and operation of large-scale ethylene fission devices abroad, without technological risks. The world-renowned ethylene patent company, c&i-lummus, s&w, kbr, Linde, tpl/kti, ball, See, etc., have mature and reliable fission furnace technology.
On April 18, 2018, cb&i-lummus announced its acquisition of the ethylene technology contract with the Zhejiang satellite petrochemicals company, a subsidiary of Zhejiang Satellite, Ltd. The services provided by cb&i include the provision of process design kits, heater design and patent technology licensing services for two 1.25 million tonnes/year of ethylene devices. The design uses the cb&i industry-led, low-cost ethane fission process, which reduces investment costs by reducing the number of plant tables.
Pacific securities 2.3 polyethylene and ethylene import substitution space is large, low-cost is profit security pacificsecuities 2.3 polyethylene and ethylene import substitution space, low-cost is profit security Polyethylene is the core area of ethylene consumption. Polyethylene is the main downstream product of ethylene, with 54% consumption in 2020. So polyethylene is the core area of ethylene consumption today.
The polyethylene (pe) as a very important raw material in the petrochemical industry is one of the five synthetic resins, the most productive and oral species of synthetic resin in the country today.
Polyethylene can be shaped by crowding out, injections, plastics, blowing and smelting, widely applied in industry, agriculture, packaging and everyday industry, with film (52 per cent) being its largest user, while plastics (13 per cent), medium-empty containers (12 per cent), tube-type materials (11 per cent) and so on have a larger share of ethylene ethylene predominantly divided into linear low-density polyethylene (lldpe, 40 per cent), low-density polyethylene (ldpe, 20 per cent), high-density polyethylene.
Three main categories (hdpe, 40%). 2.3 Polyethylene and ethylene import substitution space is large and low-cost is profit security and global polyethylene supply and demand is growing steadily
By the end of 2019, the global total per capita capacity stood at 11.202 million tonnes per year, with total production and total demand at approximately 10,393,000 tonnes, with an average start rate of 86.5 per cent, and total markets at about 152 million tonnes per year in 2024, with a demand of 127.1 million tonnes, with an average start-up rate of 83.6 per cent for installations, both North-East Asia and North America, accounting for 25 per cent and 23 per cent, respectively, of total world capacity.
The Pacific securities 2.3 polyethylene and ethylene import substitution space is large, and low cost is profit security hdpe is the most important polyethylene type.
By type, the ratio of ldpe, lldpe, hdpe, capacity, output, and demand is very close, with ldpe accounting for about 22%, lldpe 33%, and hdpe about 45%. As can be seen, the market for hdpe has the largest demand, almost half of the world's Pe market.
Of these, Exxon was the largest producer of 1,044 million tonnes/year, China was the second largest petrochemical producer in the world, with 6.87 million tonnes/year, and China ' s oil was ranked 6th in the world at 5.08 million tonnes/year.
Domestic productive capacity continued to grow, with high consumption growth, and domestic per capita capacity stood at approximately 21,86 million tons at the end of 2020, with a start rate of about 91.5 per cent.
As the world ' s largest net importer, our imports of pe continue to grow year by year, in particular through the implementation of a national policy banning the import of used plastics since 2018, which has allowed for a high growth in the import of pe, with net imports of 18,68110,000 tons in 2020, a 14 per cent increase compared to the previous year, with external dependence remaining at a high of 48 per cent.
Pacific securities 2.3 polyethylene and ethylene import substitution space is large and low-cost.
By the end of 2022, an additional 10.3 million tons of pe-product capacity will have been added in three years.
By 2024, hdpe could outperform lldpe, becoming the most productive polyethylene type, with a ratio of around 42%. Pacific securities 2.3 polyethylene and ethylene import substitution space is large and low-cost is profit security
Our trend towards lightening and diversifying ethylene raw materials is evident at 58%, which was reduced by 2019, but still stands at 53%. The ethylene raw materials have been further diversified and lightweighted. In 2019, the Xinura Chemical Light Hydrocarbon Fragmentation Project was launched, in addition to domestic refineries.
Optimizing ethylene feedstocks on a continuous basis, e.g. monocrotochemical expansion of 150,000 tonnes/year ethylene fission device, all imported light hydrocarbons, lycephalic ethylene modification, low-quality integration, further optimization of ethylene feedstocks in our country, and progress towards ethylene fertilization. 2019 of young hydrocarbons increased from 19% in 2018. Pacific securities 2.3 polyethylene and ethylene import substitution space is larger, low-cost is profit security.
Hdpe is the most important type of pe, with a good growth of demand with excellent mechanical performance, rigidity, resilience, strength, and heat resistance to cold and corrosion, and heavy application in blowing, refracturing, and tubes. Especially under the influence of trends in plastic steel, plastic wood, etc., Hdpe as a high-performance polyethylene material is also accelerating the substitution of traditional materials.
In 2019, the largest consumption was recorded for single product categories, with 13.927 million tonnes in 2019, representing 43.3 per cent of total consumption, an increase of 12.6 per cent in the same year; then for lldpe, which accounted for 38 per cent of total consumption, an increase of 17.8 per cent in the same year; and for ldpe, which had the smallest consumption, which stood at 5.956,000 tonnes, and for 2019, the country ' s polyethylene imports amounted to 16.6 million tonnes, of which 48 per cent, 31 per cent, 21 per cent, hdpe, respectively.
Ldpe's replacement for ldpe is mainly for agricultural, packaging materials, compared to lldpe, which has less mechanical strength, insulation, corrosivity.
So our production of ldpe has been declining in recent years, while that of lldpe has been rising, and the replacement of lldpe with ldpe is under way. In developed countries like Europe and the United States, lldpe has achieved a high degree of substitution for ldpe. 2.3 Polyethylene and ethylene import substitution space is large and low-cost is profit security.
Prices rebounded, but it was difficult to return to the past, despite the outbreak of the new crown outbreak in early 2020, where price changes were not apparent as the main raw material for medical plastics, after which three prices fell to historical lows at the end of March, owing to delays in downstream recovery, insufficient demand, and the fall in crude oil prices.
In the future, as the economy and demand recovers, the price of crude oil will return to a reasonable zone, taking into account the fact that domestic and foreign ethylene is in a period of expansion.
Increased competition in the industry, in particular the cost advantages associated with large-scale pyrocephalic steam cracks, the cost advantages associated with raw materials, which we expect will be difficult to return to, and the cost of ethylene will be a key factor in the profitability of enterprises. 2.3 Polyethylene and ethylene import substitution space is large and low-cost is profit security.
eo/eg combined process with production flexibility Ethylene ethylene industrial chain Ethylene ethylene is the simplest form of ether and the most important downstream consumption area for water loss, in addition to continued hydration to produce ethanol
Singles, driven by capital and real estate construction in recent years, have increased market demand for water-deductible monolithics, which now account for 52 per cent, and are expected to remain dominated by polyphosphate dehydrates downstream in the future, with water-depressant monomer presses and a drop to around 28 per cent of surfactants in the traditional downstream consumption area of eo.
Due to the flammable properties of ethylene ethylene ethylene, which is not suitable for long-distance transport, there is a strong geographical dimension.
Chlorol: The first step is to introduce ethylene and chlorine gas into water to produce ethanol, and the second step is to produce ethylene oxide with calcium hydroxide.
The ethylene direct oxidation method, with silver as a catalyst, is used almost entirely for the devices, and the industrial production process of oxidation is divided into three parts: reaction, epoxy-ethane recovery and epoxy-ethane precision.
2.3 Polyethylene and ethylene ethylene import substitution space is large and low cost is profit security eo/eg co-production flexibility ethanol (eg) is an important petrochemical base material used mainly for polyester fibres, anti-freezes, and unsaturated polyester resins.
The consumption structure is highly concentrated - the main downstream consumption of ethanol in the country is in polyesters, where the total share of ethanol is 90%, followed by anti-frozen fluids, or about 4%. The main consumption area in the polyester sector is ethanol, with 64% gas — mto-ethanol.
Coal-ethanol Chart: ethanol downstream consumption consists of 2.3 polyethylene and ethylene import substitution space and low cost is profit security
The production flexibility of the eo/eg cogeneration process can be seen in the industrial chain map of ethanol, where ethylene ethylene oxide is produced directly from the oil-based route, ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene, which is a co-production device for most petrochemical enterprises in the country.
Both are mainly produced by the ethylene oxidation method, of which more than 90% of the total world production technology is monopolized by Shell, the United States scientific design sd, the Dow Chemical Dow. ethylene-epoxy ethane-ethylene ethanol is highly dynamic:
Ethylene is directly upstream of ethylene oxide, which constrains the cost of ethylene oxide, whereas most of the domestic petrochemical enterprises are ethylene-epoxy-ethanol cogeneration devices (Ethylene: ethylene diol = 1:1.4), ethylene diol and ethylene ethylene can adjust the production rate, and the prices and profits of the two are used to regulate the output ratio, so the prices of the three companies are very similar.
The company ' s installations are also eo/eg cogeneration, with product programmes dominated by ethanol and supported by ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene, so we focus on the market competition for ethylene 2.3 polyethylene and ethylene alternatives, which are low-cost alternatives to profit guaranteed global production of ethylene diol: 34.13 million tons of ethanol produced globally in 2018, including 1,089 million tons in China, or about 32 per cent.
New ethanol-input devices like North America and the Middle East are more cost-effectively based on low-cost ethanol routes. At the same time, domestic private refining is continuing, and the accompanying ethanol devices are putting enormous pressure on the domestic ethanol market.
China's ethanol market is characterized by a rapid growth in production capacity - in 2020, we added about 4.88 million tons of ethanol, reaching 15.7 million tonnes/year, with a 45 per cent increase in consumption, and a high consumption rate - in 2020, we consumed 1,871 million tons of ethanol, an increase of 10.6 per cent compared with the corresponding increase;
China's market for ethanol is characterized by:4 high external dependence - ethanol has been one of the most import-dependent varieties in the country.a Imports of ethanol continued to grow in 2020, breaking the 10 million-tonne mark, reaching 1055 million tons.
b. In 2020, import dependence decreased by 56 per cent despite growth in domestic production and production.c. The continued rapid growth of the downstream polyester sector and the impact of low-cost ethanol abroad are expected to make a significant improvement in domestic import dependence in the short term.
ethanol production concentration releases in 2020: several major refining operations in the country, such as silicon petrochemicals, Zhejiang petrochemicals, Central Springs State and Central Refinery, 2020 ethanol Chart: Alternative spaces for domestic import of 2.3 polyethylene and ethylene diols in 2020, low cost of profit security
The ethanol production process - ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene (pyrethroid oils) is the most widely applied and technologically mature in-country industrialization, but it is long and energy-intensive, completely oil-dependent, and competitive and volatile with crude oil prices.
The main method of producing ethanol in North America and the Middle East is ethylene/propane-ethylene-ethylene-ethylene-ethylene. Depending on cheap raw materials, ethylene is more cost-competitive, mainly for Asian markets such as China.
Coal-synthetic gas-ethanol. Short, low-intermediate and low-cost processes for synthesynthetic gas-based herbate, promising to be another important way of producing ethanol in the country.
2.3 The ethylene ethylene and ethylene ethylene import substitution space is large and low-cost, mainly because of profit security The ethylene domestic energy base, supported by coal, and the ethylene route has been opened by satellite petrochemicals. ethylene production has been mainly based on petroleum routes, but since the lack of crude oil in the country, imports of ethyl ethyl ethanol have remained high.
In the context of our coal-rich and oil-rich resource endowments, the coal-based ethanol route has been promoted with energy security strategies. In 2020, the coal-based route’s share of the coal-rich ethanol industry did not improve China’s ethanol industry.
In recent years, oil prices have swollen between low- and medium-level zones, and the cost advantages of coal ethanol have not been apparent. Instead, it has created an awkward situation of low rates of domestic start-up and high levels of dependence on imports. In the current climate of low ethanol, high domestic cost capacity or exposure to high levels of domestic production.
There is considerable uncertainty about the risk of withdrawal, the planning and the progress of the construction and production of the coal-based ethanol project under construction.
A significant cost advantage would be derived from low-cost ethylene feedstock. 2.3 Polyethylene and ethylene import substitution space is large, low-cost is profit security eg supply and demand patterns continue to deteriorate, the climate is difficult to recover in the short term, and only low-cost costs guarantee reasonable profits.
In the downstream polyester sector, the growth of production is slowing, ethanol production continues to expand, with an additional domestic capacity of about 4.88 million tons in 2020 and an additional 5 million tons in 2021, with a total capacity of more than 20 million tons.
The price of ethanol is not expected to recover significantly in the short term, but the price has been low for long periods of time, and there is no room for decline. Only low-cost alternatives are available for import of polyethylene and ethylene, which is a guaranteed profit margin.
In the first half of the year, affected by the spread of the epidemic and the sharp fall in international oil prices, the price of ethanol fell sharply to less than $3,000 per ton in late March. The industry as a whole started to work with less than five% of the complex, with some coal companies even stopping production.
High cost pressures, low start loads. Four quarters of ester demand and continued high international oil prices, a return to ethanol prices of $4,000, a gradual recovery based on economy and demand in 2021, and a sustained rise in international oil prices are expected to rise from 2020, but the enormous pressure from the release of large additional domestic production capacity, combined with the impact of low-cost sources abroad, is expected to be limited.
Well, well, the Pacific Securities Institute is collating the 2.4 PacificSecurities project with a high-profit, low-intensity, risk-resistant view.
From 2016 to the present, the net profit center of the project is $2.9 billion a year. Until mid-2014, international oil prices were at a high oil price range of $80 per barrel or more, or $100 or more, and it is difficult to return to that high price range at this stage, whether from extraction, supply or demand analysis.
The price of oil fell until early 2016, when it fell below $30 per barrel. So this report is based on a five-year backlash from 2016.
After a boom-and-bust cycle, we believe that it is representative and reasonable to choose five years to make a return on profit. The results show that the net annual profit of the project from 2016 to the present is $2.9 billion, reflecting a stronger profitability.
The price of ethane is less relevant to oil prices and less costly to the project, and the price of ethane in the United States is relatively stable, and the price of the ceiling (the cost of production of ethylene and transportation of ethane) and the price of the floor (the cost of transportation to the Montbelvieu region of the ethane-yyyyyrey region of the United States) are more obvious. Since 2016, the cost of mbethane in the United States has been largely in the range of $100 to $200 per ton.
Motivated, only 2018h2 deviated from this zone at a time when it was due to the concentration of ethane fission capacity in the United States, when the price of ethane separation capacity resulted from a price shortage, resulting in a sharp increase in the price of ethane separation capacity, leading to a loss in the ethane fission device, some of which was able to regulate the transfer of raw material from ethane to propane and butane, and then the price of ethane gradually fell back to within the reasonable range.
The cost of ethane in the project is only a small fraction, the corresponding pipeline costs, export terminal costs, shipping costs, customs duties, etc. are higher and relatively fixed, while other costs of the project, such as utility engineering, depreciation amortization, etc., are also higher and relatively fixed. According to our calculations, the cost of purchasing mbethane in the United States is only about 25% of the total cost of the project, so the profitability of the project is less sensitive to the price of ethane.
The Pacific Securities 2.4 project is highly profitable and low-intensity risk-resistant, product prices are highly relevant to oil prices, and the direct upstream impact on project profitability is ethylene, which is about 72 per cent of the country's ethylene is made through the overall cracking route of the cerebral oil, so the three main products are:
Between 2016 and 2018, the overall trend in crude oil prices was consistent with the overall upward cycle of hdpe, eo, and eg. From 2019 to the present, international oil prices showed an overall “v” trend and prices of the three products an overall “v” trend. The product structure of the project was relatively simple, with production of 400,000 tonnes/year, 400,000 tonnes/year, and 1.3 million tonnes/year, respectively, constituting the main product structure.
So the price of the product has a direct and significant impact on the profitability of the project. The Pacific Stock 2.4 project is highly profitable, low-intensity resistant, product prices and project profits are affected by oil prices, as well as by supply and demand patterns in various sectors.
Although the prices of the three main products are more relevant to international oil prices, there are sometimes deviations because the supply and demand patterns of the industry are more influential at this time. For example, in 2019, international oil prices remained close to $60 per barrel, but pe and eg prices fell all the way because of the concentration of production capacity.
Prices are high, with projects earning an average of $4 billion annually; while the average price of wti reached $60 per barrel between 2018.1 and 2020.3, the price of raw materials rose and the price of products fell, at a time when the average annual profit of the project was only $2.9 billion.
At $30 per barrel, the prices of each product have fallen to a historically low level in recent years, and in this extreme scenario the project still earns $700 million a year, so we can think of $700 million as the average annual profit threshold for the project, reflecting an extremely high level of risk resistance.
Figure: Comparable corporate valuation tables The economy and demand have recovered less than expected and prices of raw materials and products have fluctuated significantly.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and operates securities licence No. 1348000. All views reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
or related institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies referred to in the report, and may also provide or sell to such companies