Three quarters of stable growth, series of wines under pressure, and an evaluation report for Kodai, Guizhou (600519), October 30, 2025.
The company disclosed three quarters of 2025 reporting that it had cumulatively achieved business in the first three quarters of 2025, and that its performance in the third quarter was lower than expected.
With 17884 million yuan, yoy-7.78%, the growth in the income is robust, and a series of wines are under pressure, with negative growth. Under the influence of the White Wine industry, which adjusts cycles, channels to stock, and the Prohibition of Wine, the price of the Maurte terminal is under pressure, but the rate of increase in the harvest shows its resilience.
Distributive channels: direct sales and wholesale channels are growing in balance, and the number of distributors is expanding faster. In 2025, the number of dealers increased by 2325, a decrease of 23, a net increase from the start of the year.
182; 17 to 121 more abroad; performance of domestic distributors in Maotai, Guizhou, increased steadily during the same period last year, with a net increase of 42 liquor and wholesale channels and a zero increase in foreign distributors. Last year, the first three quarters of this year compared with the previous quarter.
q3 performance continued to grow steadily, with the growth of the gin in the mahogany and the increase in the number of sellers growing faster. Profitability: Māori rates, net homecoming interest rates have increased slightly, and sales and administrative costs have increased.
In the third quarter of 2025, the company ' s Māori/motherhood net interest rate increased in relation to each of the higher rates. At the same time, the company may have strengthened its cost management and reduced its cost during the period, with the sales/management rates respectively.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: We believe that the industry is in the bottom-up phase, the demand for white wine as a whole is weak, and the channels are in the advanced stages of storage, and therefore the performance of white wine companies is generally lower. With the gradual clean-up of pipeline stocks and the recovery of macroeconomics, the demand for white wine will continue.
Heating. The company, as a leader in high-end white wine, has a strong branding power and a deep guardian of the city's risk factors: consumption recovery is not as high as expected, policy risk, macroeconomic volatility risk.