Weak external demand, q3 income ring down speed, Southwest Securities Institute.
Events: 3-quarter reports issued by companies in 2025, which resulted in gross operating income of $13.9 billion in the first three quarters, compared with +6.3 per cent, net return to the mother of $64.6 billion, compared with 6.2 per cent, and income of $39.8 billion, compared with 0.4 per cent, and net return to the mother of $19.2 billion, compared with +0.5 per cent in the previous three quarters, with performance in line with market expectations.
Mau-Dai's growth continues, with a series of alcohol strains. 1. Since the second quarter of this year, external drinking policies have become more stringent, and the demand for Mau-Dai's alcohol has been more demanding. Moreover, in a context of weak financial and speculative attributes, the opening rate has been substantially increased and the terminal stock has been effectively deactivated.
The current revenue is $34.92 billion, or 7.3 per cent of the year, and is expected to be driven mainly by general fly and kilogram discharges; the series of wines yielding $4.12 billion, or 3.40 per cent of the year, mainly because the white wine industry is in a period of deep adjustment and the series of wines are in a period of de-stocking.
The same ratio +14.4 per cent; direct sales channel revenue of 1.55 billion yuan, 14.9 per cent, of which the “i hut” digital camp maintained high profitability and the cash flow as a whole stabilized. 1, 25 single q3 Māori increased by 0.2 per cent to 91.4 per cent in the same year; and single q3 sales cost decreased by 1.0 per cent to 3.1 per cent in the same year in terms of cost.
The management cost rate has fallen by 0.3 to 4.5 percentage points over the same period, the financial cost rate has risen by 0.3 percentage points over the same period, and the alcohol industry has demonstrated a long-term positive trend.
Under the pressure of plus, the company actively promotes the “three transformations” and is active in expanding consumer coverage in the search for new people and the development of new scenes; at the same time, the company takes the initiative to control the speed of delivery, increase market inspections, and scrutinizes low price dumping.
Hearts, “three transformations” for domestic markets, and simultaneous expansion of overseas markets to better meet consumer demand, are expected to lead to sound, healthy, and sustainable development, accompanied by a marginal improvement in future demand. The “three transformations” for domestic markets are being actively promoted, and long-line developments are taking place, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Long-term, high-quality long-term development (2025-08-18) No compensation will be obtained either directly or indirectly, for no reason or for any specific recommendation or opinion in this report.