I'd like to share my thoughts with you, and I'd like you to take the lead in taking stock of the events of the Kuo Dai incident: the company's mid-term profit distribution programme for 2025 and the implementation of the "Improved efficiency payoff."
The announcement of the special action programme and the public s0340523020001 return on the company’s shares in the form of a centralized competitive exchange issued a special action programme for the implementation of the “Big Return on Increased Efficiency” programme.
In this context, the company, as a leader in the industry, has a sufficient internal toolbox to send a positive signal to the market by maintaining quality, concentrating on the user, regularized cash transfers, stock buy-backs, and actively promoting large shareholders.
The total cash dividend distributed is not less than 75% of the net profit of the year, and the annual cash share is two times (annual and mid-term). This is the company’s first bonus this year.
The demand for alcohol is under pressure, and the company, through a medium-term bonus, highlights its confidence in its own business development, while actively giving back to investors, focusing on shareholder returns. The company opens a second round of buybacks to boost market confidence.
Shareholdings, repurchases of not less than RMB 1.5 billion (inclusive) and not more than RMB 3.0 billion (inclusive) are used to cancel and reduce the company’s registered capital.
The company, as a leader in the white wine industry, has a strong brand influence and a strong internal toolbox, with 03 real-time drops to ease channel pressure, follow-up attention to changes in external demand, and other indicators such as maintaining a “buy-in” rating for the company.
“Positive” investors are only suitable for the use of “middle- and high-risk” studies, and “radical” investors are suitable for the use of the various categories of our Department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is not regulated by their respective business departments, issuers, listed companies, and funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report and have not used the publication.