The main business of the Maotai Liquor Co. Ltd. in Guizhou was a sum of 39.810 billion yuan, an increase of 0.35 per cent in the same year, a net profit to the mother of 19.24 billion yuan, an increase of 0.48 per cent in the same year.
The company's main product is the kowtow wine. The dominant product, the Guizhou kowtow wine, is my base plate. The channels and product structure continue to be optimized. At the end of the product, the kowtow base plate.
In the first three quarters of the year, the sum of 1105.117.880 million yuan was collected, together with geo-marked products, organic foods and national non-materials.
With a single legacy, the company marketing network covers domestic markets and 64 countries and territories on five continents. Sliding is mainly a sub-high-end price zone hit by falling market demand, with sub-high-end price belts of 1935.
As a result, as a result of changes in product structure, the Māori ratio of 25q3 companies increased by 0.23 pct to i-tao revenues at a lower rate than the previous year. The wholesale channel, 25q3, received $23.5 billion in the season, a 14.4 per cent increase in the same year. The wholesale channel, 25q3, received $15.55 billion in the quarter.
The decline of 14.9 per cent in the same year is due mainly to the fact that the short-term positioning of the i-Purton channel has slowed down the overall growth in the direct camp. The 25q3i-Purco has achieved a tax-free income of $1.93 billion, a decrease of 57.2 per cent over the same period, and by the end of 2025q3, the number of domestic distributors stood at 2325, a net decrease of 23.
In terms of cash flow, profit forecasts and ratings: we appreciate the trend and ability of the company to continue to increase its concentration in the high-end liquor market.
Total stock/flowa share (millions of shares) Source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Kodak, Guizhou (600519.sh): Keeping the income resilient, bottom value highlights Monsso Wang Ji Ting.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.