Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) Income: the power of the mahogany, the consistency of the series of wines in the market
Sub-products: 25q3 Powder / Series wine collection + 7.3% /-34.0%, Pow Pow / Pow / industry movement due to the early completion of the fly-time fund-raising mission and increased investment in the folding of non-target products. The series is expected to be weak. The main source of alcohol is expected to be driven by demand at a price of 1935 yuan, and overall performance and industry dynamics.
The decline in sales is roughly matched by the same rate of sales as in the white liquor business, which is between 7.2 pct and 39.8 per cent, and the sharper decline in the direct distribution channels, due to the fact that i-potrel channels are less well placed to sell at the weaker price of unproclaimed batches + the demand of the 1935 mat, during the same period.
The company completes all year round-the-year loans through distribution channels in advance to offset direct sales channels Profit: the profit level remains stable.
25q3 Māori ratio +0.2 pct to 91.28%, mainly due to the increase in the share of low alcohol.
25q3 sales received +2.7% of the year, +5.3% of the year's revenue + contract liabilities, and cash flows performed slightly better than receipts, which we expect to result mainly from the early completion of the loan-raising mission. Companies are more focused on channel health, with a relative restraint in the pace of delivery of q3.
Investment proposal: to maintain the “buy-in” of the 25q3 company's kow-barrel to achieve growth through product structure, channel-based pacing, etc., reflecting the firm's resilience under strong branding; to adapt the series to the market environment.
Quick, we're expecting a year-long target to ease the burden of sustainable development. After that, the industry's climate is not as good as expected, competition in the market is increasing, and food security events are taking place.
Contact person: Jung Shao-chung, Doctor of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, formerly employed in financial and financial affairs in the vast majority of China. The information and opinions contained in the report are limited to information that is legally complied with and that is presented in an independent and objective manner. The data and information used in this report are based on publicly available information in the market. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information or the information and recommendations contained therein.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.