On October 29, 2025, Yutai, Guizhou published a tri-quarter report for 2025.
Sonss@cfsc.com.cn zhangqian@cfsc.com.cn product restructuring affects Māori and net interest rates remain stable
At the end of the product, 2025 q3 tavern/sales were collected, respectively.
349.24/41.22 million yuan, or +7/34 per cent, respectively; of this, 6 pcct-89 per cent more than the same amount, the company increased its load, led to an increase in the share, and the same series of alcohol fell mainly from a high base for the same period in 2024.
So, at the end of the channel, direct sales/distributions of 2025q3 were reduced by 7 pct to 40% respectively, mainly due to the contraction of the i-punk body, 1, Guizhou Maow (600519).
By the end of 2025q3, the company owned 2,446 distributors, representing a net increase of 51 from the end of 2025h1, and the distribution channels performed as a result of the decline in the platform ' s passenger flow due to the pressure of the bulk price of the product.
Three quarters of the company's performance has slowed under pressure from demand, but in a clean-up environment it is still maintaining a strong business resilience, and the new chairman, when he takes office, has stressed that maintaining the ecological integrity of the channels and falling back on prices is likely to boost demand repair.
Subtract macroeconomic risks, less than expected expansion of production capacity, less rapid growth, less than expected reform process, etc.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, eight years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the beverage plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
It reflects my research. I've never been, never been, nor will I be pushed into this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.