Three quarters of 2025: Structural pressure gradually released, cost-effective control marginal increase The landscape and demand-shock pressure that industry has been facing since the beginning of the reporting period released at the end of the report. 1) Subproducts
See: 1 mahogany q1~3/q3 with revenue of +9.3 per cent/+ 7.3 per cent, q3 with slower growth, mainly related to the same pace as direct distribution channels below the line, e.g., stronger output from sources such as national capital platforms, which are expected to be accompanied by narrow or even negative prices, except for a steady growth rate of 1935.
Channel repayment pressure (especially for 10,000 shared terminalrs) is evident. 2) Sub-channels: wholesale, direct distribution q3 revenues are equal to +14.4%, 14.9%, direct sales are 40% and the ring ratio continues to fall. 1 q3 distribution channel margins accelerate, 1 is associated with a single season confirming base fluctuations and 2 is distributed during the year.
The implementation of the channel ' s low-end quota has been successful, and the disbursement rate has been somewhat faster. 2q3 direct distribution channels and the pre-receipt and all-receipt ratio have increased, and the cost has helped to stabilize performance. 1) On-the-spot, 25q3 season sales sales have increased by +2.6 per cent on the same date, slightly better than the collection performance, and there has been an acceleration of payments with the big underline businesses.
At the end of the q3 season, the pre-receipt balance ratio was +2.24 billion yuan, the same year was +2.18 billion yuan.
• Efforts to change, promote supply-side transformation, and enhance product suitability and access. The stability of the current price-for-price-for-market start-up is still ongoing, with corporate growth pressures arising mainly from the relatively high level of non-standard income, the unstable base of the series of liquor and sales, and the limited efficiency of direct distribution channels.
The results of the incremental excavations are expected to be realized by the next company through the optimization of product and channel approximation. In 2025, the new self-employment system was established.
The distribution system has 10 types of diverse ecology, in which the self-employment system strengthens the coordination of integrated and balanced approaches, while the social distribution system is designed to play a wide-ranging, accurate and effective role, and to draw an irrational response.
Fig. 1: 25q1-3 Maotai in Guizhou has contributed to the split between net profit and the rate of increase The three major financial forecasting tables in Kotai in Guizhou The East Wu Securities Company Ltd., with the approval of the China Securities Supervisory Board, has acquired the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory operations.