Practically slow down, tough ahead incident: company announcement, business gross revenue for the first three quarters of 2025 was $13.904 billion, an increase of 6.32 per cent over the same period; \triangleright
Faced with significant changes in the demand environment, the company still turns in positive growth responses, reflecting greater resilience, while we expect that the 9 per cent recovery growth target will be more difficult to achieve throughout the year (to be completed, 25q4 will require an increase in revenue, Māori ratio equal to +0.23 pct, mainly as a result of the current year ' s increase in the share of liquor revenue; and turnover tax rate equal to the ratio).
The growth is steady, and the series has been adjusted. The income from 25 q3 \triangleright has increased for the quarter, reflecting the pressure of the demand environment. We have observed that this has been accompanied by a deep adjustment in the industry.
As a whole, the market for soy sauce is accelerating towards head brands, with high consumer approval of core items such as the huts 1935, the margaritas, and the princes, who are fast-tracking their share of the market, while the various types of development products that were developed in the past due to the heat of soy sauce are gradually fading, and the phased adjustment of the series does not change their market leadership.
It's more resilient and more expensive to consume. Dealers are still the main sellers, and the direct distribution system faces price resistance. 25q3 direct sales/distribution revenue is \triangleright.
With tax revenues of $1.932 billion, the ratio was 57.22%. As a result of changes in direct-market sales policy, some businesses (60519), the supply routes were transferred back to distributors, while retail instruction prices for non-target products were reversed to market prices.
We believe that distributors remain the core source of alcohol sales, and that their interactions with consumers have long been positive for brands.
Kodo, Guizhou (600519): In the face of pressure from industry demand, and with the help of mature channels, it will be more effective to achieve the "Three Guizhou Maotai (600519): Adapting to demand"
Change, consolidation of the foundations of development, and the arrival of the new handsome, with a focus on price and performance contradictions.
The price of the whole box and the bulk bottle has fallen by $1,700 and still faces a certain demand test, while the State Treasury has been studying the Maotai Group to identify the economic indicators of growth and how to balance the relationship between the two is a subject that the new chairman needs to face up to.
It's still stable, and it's almost non-competitive at super-high-end prices, with a proper reduction in the amount of pressure to ease the price of the batch.
\triangleright cindasecuritiesco., ltd cost attributes remain the same, the firmness of the manufacturer is strong, and the transformation of business thinking is expected to fall to the ground for the long term.
\triangleright \triangleright
Cheong Li, Master of Financial Sciences, Graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics at Xiamen University, four years of experience in food and beverage research. Covers leisure food and chain trade patterns (in-depth study of the vernaculars, tactile foods, salt-salts, sugar-origin foods, foods, foods of extreme taste, twilight ducks, glory, etc.) and in-depth study of the zero-food trade patterns (the Hulk Group, etc.) and discount retail sales.
Chiu Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, four years of food and beverage research experience.
Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science Studies, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States, and then 2 years of research, development and operation in Saputu, a giant milk company. Three years of research experience in the food and beverage industry, covering dairy products (in-depth research on Ili shares, Montagnard milk, Inco-Bluedo and Tianchi milk) and food additives (in-depth research on Angel yeast, Pelongon, etc.)
Soccer, Kabiyo, morning light organisms and bowling treasures. Wang Xueqing, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. in Economics + International Relations, Washington University, 3 years of food and drinks, industry research experience, including beer (in-depth study of Huayun beer, Qingjia beer, Chongqing beer, Joojiang beer), beverage
Industry (in-depth study of farmers’ mountain springs, beverages, beverages, ecclesiasticals, ecclesiasticals), and now-made drinking plates. The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.