National gold cabbage securities electrical purchases (first rating)
The bulk of the trajectories, the pioneers of the two-carbon era, the company's main trajectories, the new ones (power semiconductors, new energy power generators, industrial transformers, etc., 32% income), the advantages of the idm model under the “igbt lack core” model, the igbt self-serving synergies.
In the first three quarters of the year, corporate revenue increased by 28%, 30%, and the company’s future performance is expected to increase robustly, thanks to the need for new energy sources to sustain high growth + national production replacement + rapid release. Power semiconductor devices: 1) We expect China’s gbt market to be 45.8 billion yuan in 25 years, and five years in five years.
Cagr amounted to 21%. Thanks to the surge in the price of the missing goods, the industry ' s national production rate rose rapidly, and the company ' s extension to the low- and medium-pressure (new energy vehicles, wind photovoltaics) +idm model, based on years of technological accumulation in the high-pressure area (the domestic tap of the rail grid, gbt), has now been heavily supplied to the main plant, such as the one-gas, the east wind, etc.
In September, the company announced the construction of a new 8-inch line with an annual capacity of 720,000 units.
The company pre-positioned the sic car scale application to create a new 6-inch annual production capacity of 25,000 units. The estimated power plant revenue for 22-24 years increased by 78 per cent, 30 per cent, 21 per cent, and the new energy vehicle power system: China's electric power-driven system market is expected to be 53.8 billion yuan in 25 years, five years.
Cagr is 54%. Thanks to igbt's self-funding, according to Ne-era data, the company's September 22 loading ranking has risen to 5% of industry's 5%. In terms of capacity, the Jibuya factory plans to produce 300,000 units per year, which now stands at 200,000 units; on the client side, company-backed vehicles are market-based, such as hot-market models.
BLACK 03; expected revenue from power-driven system operations increased by 124 per cent, 43 per cent, industrial transformers: 25 years of global, Chinese photovoltaic and storage reversible market size, 950, 22.4 billion yuan, five years of cagr, 24 per cent, 19 per cent, and global, China wind and electrical currents, 2025
The market size will be $19.8 billion and $9.9 billion, respectively. In 22 years, the company has entered the purchase list "Five, six, two, six, two, two, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six.
Orbital transport equipment: investment in railway tracks has grown steadily, adding up to the replacement needs of the post-Vision, expected to be Liu Yeon Shei Deng Qiao Road
Risk: Increased competition in the power semiconductor sector, less than expected penetration of new energy vehicles, photovoltaic power, track I, “nuclear” with transhipment equipment, diversified development of China's “core” 1.
The company is the leader and pioneer of China's orbital transport industry, formerly the China-Customs Agency, founded in 1959 in Hunanzhou, and has been working for more than 50 years to develop a traction control system known as the "heart" and "Big Brain" of the train. At the same time, the company is committed to a development strategy of unity and diversity.
Carbon policy, accelerating the break-through of new and emerging operations such as power semiconductors, with an integrated Idm model for R & D, design, manufacture, marketing and services, has created a complete industry of "devices plus systems plus whole machines" with the largest revenues from the transfer of services, and new equipment is expected to build a new growth curve.
In the context of the two-carbon policy and the substitution of national production, the emerging equipment business is expected to generate the next revenue for the company.
▪ The development of the company has taken place in three stages: the construction of the main industry (1959-2008): the consolidation of its leading position in the field of inter-rail electrical systems.
In October 2008, the company officially opened its business by acquiring 75% of its stock in the United Kingdom’s dynex.
The 6-inch transistors developed by the company in 2009 were successfully applied to the National Power Net Respirator Project, and the country’s first high-pressure igbt module envelope was completed in the same year. The company’s 6-inch igbt production line was officially launched in 2010.
New rapid business development phase (2013-present): Large-scale production lines plus innovative product harvests Market recognition. The igbt module developed by the company began to be used in bulk for railing in 2013. The country ' s first 8-inch igbt chip line was launched in 2014.
In 2017, the high-pressure igbt module was successfully applied to the power system. In 2018, the company successfully applied it in the subway, while using a vehicle-driven system to start bulk delivery. In 2020, the vehicle igbt received a wide-gas, east wind bulk order, with high pressure.
Igbt received an order from the Southern Power Network Project, completed the 8-inch Car Code gbt crystal round 2 project, designed to produce 240,000 tablets/years. In 2021, 3300v all-sic towed transformers were successfully applied to the subway, with cars leading the world with 750v fine ditch gbt technology. April 2022
The company upgraded its current 4 inch-sic chip production line to 6 inches, with a planned capacity of 25,000 pieces/year.In September 2022, the company invested in the project to build a new symphony, cyanobacteria project, which is expected to add 360,000 new units and 360,000 medium- and low-pressure components (power devices) by 2024.
▪ Horizontal layout: “Synergy” development, operational synergies are evident and downstream coverage is wide. The towed flow system of the company's rail operations and products such as orbital engineering machinery are used mainly in the areas of locomotives, urban tracks, railways, etc., and power semiconductors in emerging equipment operations can be applied to new energy sources and electricity.
In areas such as grids, power-driven systems can be used in new energy vehicles. Companies have developed in new areas, such as towing currents, continuous wind-to-wind transformers, photovoltaic reverse transformers, and upstream power devices for end-products, such as electric power-to-trading, transhipment systems, are self-supporting, and operational synergies are evident.
• Vertical extension: the idm model guarantees company R & D + manufacture + marketing + service capacity Technology R & D: continuous extension of R & D inputs, binding of core technical talent, and breaking of international monopolies. “Strategic traction” and “market-oriented” drive, company R & D costs are raised year by year
Increased and higher R & D costs than the industry average, in 2020, 2021 and 2022, indicating that companies value R & D personnel ' s welfare and continue to bind skilled people. The company ' s current R & D team is led by the Chinese Academy of Engineering and has 2,688 R & D personnel, representing the total workforce.
35%, cumulatively 3730 patents, multiple technologies such as high-pressure gbt breaking the international monopoly to replace national production. Manufacturing capacity: 6 inches of bipolar devices, 6/8 inches of gbt and 6 inches of sic produced by companies
In addition, the company ' s igbt II chip production line was completed in 2020.
By June 22, the capacity utilization rate was nearly 90%, so the company now owns about 360,000 inches of capacity. Meanwhile, the company built 6 inches of production line as early as 2017 and announced in April 2022 that it would invest $460 million to invest 10,000 pieces of 4 inches of chip production.
In September of 2022, the company invested in the construction of a new project for the creation of a suitable, sic chip. It is expected to add 360,000 new units and 360,000 medium-pressure 8 inches of base material (power devices) by 2024. In addition, in 2019, the company and the east were able to produce 360,000 new pieces of low-pressure components.
Wind joined forces to set up a new and intelligent semiconductor to plan the completion of 1.2 million units/years of the gbt module Sales + service capacity: through the "Service Headquarters-Service Office-Service Station" level 3 service management model, companies have set up a global marketing + service network covering priority clients, priority areas, to be secured by 2025
Customers can obtain after-sales services and technical support at any time. The company’s business of semiconductor is continuously tied up to high quality customers, and corporate semiconductor operations are characterized by high barriers to downstream customer certification and long-term, stable partnerships can be established once passed, so that the company’s core clients receive a higher share of revenue and future revenue is predictable.
As a result of the epidemic and the structure of the product, the company's net earnings fell in the last two years, its performance rebounded in 22 years, the company's net earnings and returns fell slightly in 22 years, and the emerging equipment business became more profitable. In 2021, the company's net profits and returns were $15.1 billion and $2.1 billion, respectively.
This results in a decline in demand in the market for track-over operations. 2) Changes in the structure of product sales. 3) High cost of raw materials and the impact of missing cores. Emerging equipment operations are emerging. Companies earned $10.9 billion in the first three quarters of 2022 and 1.6 billion in net return to the mother, an increase of 28 per cent and 30 per cent, respectively, of which new equipment revenues are generated.
This was a significant increase of 137% to $3.5 billion, mainly due to downstream winds, high demand in the area of new energy vehicles, and the growth of business income such as power plants, electric power systems, photovoltaic converters, etc. Figure 10: Income from new equipment, and a significant and sustained increase in Māori (billions)
The company’s gross net profit rate has declined for the last two years, mainly because of a decrease in the company’s sales structure of transhipment and power semiconductor devices, and a slight downward adjustment in the pricing of some of its products in response to changes in the external environment.
Increased investment in the igbt production line and a gradual increase in the sales of the igbt have not yet fully contributed to the scale effect, i.e., a recovery in the Māori rate for new equipment operations. Thanks to good operating mechanisms and economies of scale within the company, the cost of the company has remained largely stable.
Successfully raised funds on the market, advanced electric power systems and on-orbit smart technology. Successfully launched in 2021, the company raised $7.6 billion, invested mainly in equipment on-orbit and in infrastructure technologies in new and emerging industries, promoted technological advances in the company and consolidated its position in the corporate sector.
ii. Acquiring the igbt vent in the global carbon neutral and context, building a new growth point for performance, 1.igbt sustained high demand for the impact of new downstream energy vehicles, national production replaced by a future melody igbt fully known as the insulation of bipolar transistors, with a combination of bjt and mosfet power.
Voltage-driven semiconductor power devices capable of regulating voltage, currents, etc. in circuits in accordance with instructions for letters in industrial devices for the purpose of precision regulation.
The lower voltage gbt is used mainly in consumer electronics, while the medium voltage gbt of 600v-1200v is used mainly in new energy vehicles, photovoltaics, home appliances, industry (welds, ups) and over 1700v is used mainly in the field of railing, wind power, smart power grids.
By, according to yole data, the share of industry, household, electric vehicles, rails, photovoltaic markets in 2020 was 31 per cent, 24 per cent, 11 per cent, 6 per cent, and 4 per cent. At the demand end: the size of the domestic and foreign igbt market will continue to rise, with cars in it, as a result of carbon neutralization and impacts around the globe.
The igbt is the largest incremental market, and the PV is the second-largest market. According to estimates by the National Gold Securities Electronics team in the Igbt Insight Report: New Energy-Driving Growth, Accelerating National Production Rate, the global Igbt market is expected to be 95.4 billion yuan in 2025 and 2020-2025.
Cagr is 16 per cent, and the market size of the Chinese igbt is 45.8 billion yuan, and the 2020-2025 cagr supply end: the outbreak disturbance + the length of the new production cycle perpetuates the global chip supply and demand gap, and now the level igbt is missing for more than 50 weeks. 1) due to repeated outbreaks in and out of the country, there are many heads.
(ii) Due to the unique infrastructure requirements and regulatory processes of the mill, the construction cycle usually lasts for two years, and the new manufacturing downstream certification cycle takes one year to the right, so new capacity cannot be filled in the first place.
Throughout the year. 1) In May, the E.F.I.B., the backlog of corporate orders amounted to 37 billion euros and 80% of the demand was concentrated on 12 months of delivery. In February, E.F.I. issued notice letters to distributors indicating that the supply and demand imbalance of 2022 ran through the year, or that a new round of product increases were being prepared. 2) In May, within Amsam.
According to the source, in 2022 and 2023, the purchase orders for the car were full and no longer billed. 3) In January, the Reverser, the leading company, Jump Technology, predicted that there would be no major improvement in the supply of chips by the fourth quarter of 2022. 4) Overseas firms are generally cautious in terms of expansion, with the major increase in the investment of British fliers €1.6 billion in Farah, Austria.
The product class igbt single tubes are used mainly for small-power household appliances, distributed light-voltaic reverse transformers, small-power conversions, frequency machines, and manufacture is epoxy-based plastics. The industry was cr 33% in 2020, and British fliers were used mainly for small-power household appliances.
It is the industry’s absolute leader, with a 29% share, with the City of Slanwa accounting for 2.6%, the first-placed ipm module used in the white household electricity for FACs, FLAM washing machines, and the manufacturing process for epoxy respirators. In 2020, the industry cr 3 was 62%, and Mitsubishi was the industry’s absolute leader, the city’s chief.
The rate was 33 per cent, the city of Slanwa reached 1.6 per cent, the ninth place, and the city of Hua Wei Weibo was 0.9 per cent, the tenth place.
In 2020, the industry cr3 was 58%, the British filamentary industry was an absolute leader, with 36% of the city and 2.8% of the country ' s semi-directorate. Figure 22: Global ipm module competition pattern 2020
According to yole, the country is expected to have a lower rate of national production in 2015, considering the higher specifications of overseas products in terms of the size of the market. We believe that the rate of national production is expected to reach 37% in 2022, mainly in the context of demand and demand.
The country’s production rate depends on the rate of output release, and (2) instability of the foreign flagship will accelerate the rate of domesticization. 3) The domestic gbt plant has taken up the market rapidly, at the expense of some of its profits + the remarkable speed of response. According to the country’s idm model’s leading gbt production planning, Biadi is half-guided, medium-carried.
By 2022, all 8-inch crystal-crystal capacity had doubled, with more than 60 per cent growth in the production capacity of the country’s fab plant (Wayon semiconductor, Central Xiaochen, advanced towers), and the income of the domestic listed company gbt was expected to double, with a national production rate of 37 per cent.
Figure 25: Rapid expansion of domestic igbt manufacturing capacity in 2022 Figure 26: Rapid rise in domestic production rates in the igbt sector 2. High-pressure igbt taps, product coverage of full voltage levels, high temperature in pre-beneficiary industries
▪ The company ' s power semiconductor products cover bipolar devices, igbt and sic, among others, and have continued to grow in the last three years, with revenues of 800 million, 1.1 billion and 13 per cent in 2020, 2021 and the first three quarters of 2022, respectively, divided into photovoltaics, new energy vehicles, grids, and transhipments.
Figure 25: Rapid growth in corporate power semiconductor income and net profit: 2.1 Tracked into the gbt: Domestic railing of the gbt, deep-drawing for more than a decade to create a high-pressure “China core” — company as the domestic track of the gbt, with the highest market share in the country in 2021, with revenues of about 400 million
Multiple, the only company in the country that's taken the high-iron-powered igbt chip and modular technology. Since 2008, when the British dynex was acquired, the company has continued to make its own breakthroughs in the high-pressure igbt field, breaking its foreign monopoly.
In the field of orbital traffic, the company produces 3300vigbt batches for vehicles such as trunk-line motor vehicles, 1700v and 3300v series of igbt batches for vehicles such as subways, and 6,500 vigbt small batches for vehicles such as Chinese standard moving cars.
▪ The company's high-pressure igbt product performance is basically at the same level as British fliers, and the product diversity is relatively scarce. We select the same type of igbt module product that both companies share, using key indicators such as saturation and pressure relief, switch losses, etc. to arrive at the company's product parameters and techniques on the high-pressure igbt module.
At the same level as the British Field, the saturation pressure is even higher than the British Flyer and the product is less expensive. According to Yole, the company is the top five suppliers in the world of 4500 v or more, the first in the country to enter the Top5 class list. However, the product is being sold from the network of officers of the two companies.
In terms of the type of product, the age electrical high-pressure igbt species are far less diverse than the English flyer. For example, 6,500 v igbt has 12 types, covering between 225a and 750a levels of current, while the age electricity gas is only 6,500v,750a, far apart.
Figure 27: igbt supplier ranking  Market size: The total size of the domestic railing gbt market is expected to be $5.2 billion during the “145” period, or “145” based on the forecast of the iron and heavy works and the arrangement of ongoing and proposed railway projects
During this period, the investment in fixed assets in railways will remain stable at about $800 billion a year, and according to the National Development and Reform Commission, the country will have an additional 19,000 kilometres of railway operations during the “14th Five” period. According to the 14th Five-Year Plan and the Draft Vision 2035 Outline, the urban track project during the “14th Five-Year” period.
The total investment will amount to 3.5 trillion yuan, an average of 700 billion yuan/year, and the additional mileage of the subway operation will be distributed by adding new vehicles to the corresponding mileage in previous years.
The Commission's 14th Five-Year Plan for additional railways, metro mileage estimates for each vehicle for the period under review showed a demand for 1,759 electric motor vehicles, 1,064 motor vehicles, 4110 subways, approximately $10,000 for the current high pressure of the igbt module in Mid-Custain, and the use of electric motor vehicles igbt.
75 units/cars, 115 units/cars, 65 subways/vehicles, thus measuring the size of the domestic railway gbt market at $2.5 billion and the city track gbt at $2.7 billion during the “14” period. 2.2 Power grid gbt: both promote grid reform, focusing on new structural opportunities for direct transmission
The company’s current share of the grid has been maintained at more than 50%, with the largest city share, and is the main supplier of the country’s network and the South Net. The company’s revenue from the grid’s grid’s igbt in 2021 was more than 200 million dollars. The company’s main voltage of the grid is 4500-6500v, and is currently in bulk for Utunde engineering, Chang.
The size of the market: the size of the domestic grid's gbt market is expected to be about RMB 1 billion/year during the “14’s” period. According to the policy of the “14’s” period, the national grid is planned to invest $350 billion (approx.) during the “14’s” period.
trillion dollars, which is 13% higher than the total investment in the 13th Five-Year National Power Network. The grid transition has been upgraded, with the strong use of soft sex/direct-flow technology.
The switch valves are worth $200 million, so the conventional line-off valves are worth about $1.6 billion. According to the national network, the cost of silicon-based igbt currently amounts to about 40% of the switch valves, while the total value of the conventional linework is about $640 million, so we measure the power grid during the 14th Five-Five.
The size of the igbt market is about 1 billion yuan/year. Electricity is transferred to the land exchange station via a 400 kV straight submarine cable, and the land exchange station is connected to the Jiangsu grid through a 500 kV line of communication.
The White Crane Beach-Gang Soot direct transmission project, which is delivered to the west east, is the largest application of flexible straight-flow technology, with high voltage large-flow sic devices or replacements.
In the future, far-reaching offshore wind power will have to be a flexible direct-flow technique, because both the sea wind grid and the terrestrial grid are exchangeable, and the two types of grids will need to be isolated so that if one of the grid accidents does not affect the other, and so far, the flexible direct-flow transmission will not affect the other.
It's the best isolation. But the advantage of a soft transmission is not yet fully apparent because of the size and weight of the silicone-based reflux valves and the need for a large number of collusive connections when applied to the grid, which reduces its flexibility and reliability and leads to a current silicon flow conversion.
The unit cost of the station is about 1.5 times that of a conventional direct transmission. Thus, as the cost of the future sic-volume production continues to be reduced, it is expected that the sic device will replace Silicon-jigbt as the mainstream technology.
Forty thousand silicon-based igbt devices are required, and if sicigbt is used, one can replace four silicone-based igbt, which ultimately leads to a reduction in costs.
In 2022, the company q1 light-voltage igbt earned tens of millions of yuan. In light-voltage, a combination of photo-voltage inverters has now become the mainstream programme in the country, with 70% installed in 2021. The company follows the trend of light-voltage, and 1700v products have been used in bulk.
At the same time, the company has built its own igbt production line plus a sealed production line, thus providing a good ability to customize and adapt, with a strong response speed advantage in highly customized areas such as photovoltaic igbt. With regard to wind power, the company's 6th-generation fine ditch grid igbt module has been implemented in bulk.
In the field of wind power, and at the same time the company is currently the only company in the country that has the capacity to supply wind currents in large quantities, it has worked with the country’s entire plant and will expand in the future into the area of wind at sea.
In 2020-2025, the capr was 30 per cent, and the global wind and power gbt market is expected to reach 3.9 billion photovoltaic and storage in 2025, with a photovoltaic power semiconductor single mw value of Euro2000-5,000, a storage power semiconductor single mw value of Euro2,500-3500 and an estimated unit price of gbt
It's 3000 Euros/mw (equivalent to 21 million yuan/gw). According to the Gudwe and Journey Science and Technology contracts, the cost of the igbt is about 11-12% of the cost of purchasing raw materials, which are calculated to be about 7% of the market size of the PV-reverse transformer.
According to the British Yearly Report, the average cost of the gbt in the wind power unit is currently $0.025/w, or $.25 billion/gw. With regard to photovoltaic and storage energy, we expect global photovolt and storage reversibles to be delivered separately in 2025.
Up to 422, 120gw, multiplied by their respective corresponding unit price of 95 billion yuan and 60 billion yuan, respectively, and then measured global photovoltaic & storage gbt market size of 10.8 billion yuan, capgr 30 per cent in 2020-2025, industry by multiplying the value of the gbt by 7 per cent.
High-speed growth, with an estimated 400gw additional demand for photovoltaic reverse transformers in 2025; 2) replacement requirements: electronic components such as igbt, capacitors, etc. in reverse transformers are influenced by the internal environment, device temperature and current collation, and the useful life is often lower than the life cycle of the power station (especially the early reverse transformer product)
(b) There is a demand for replacement in the stock market, which is expected to be 22gw in 2025; and) storage demand: storage is a necessary route to achieving a high share of renewable energy, with an increase in storage penetration, which is expected to be 30 per cent in 2025.
We've measured the annual capr at 11 per cent and the market size of China's wind transformer gbt at 2.4 billion yuan in 2025.
Figure 31: Cost composition of the purchase of technological raw materials for the Turbo in 2018 Figure 33: Stewardship, Mäori Rate of Stewardship in 2018-2020 Figure 32: Cost composition of business in Gudwe in 2019
Figure 34: Photovoltaic & Storage & Winding Igbt Market Size Measurement, which is still dominated by the majority of mainstream PV-reverse transformer suppliers, with national production rates approaching zero in 2020, and national production replacements having much to do but much to do.
The Sigbt power module relies mainly on foreign brands, including the British Flyer of Germany and the Mitsubishi of Japan. According to the Gudver report 2021, “Igbt components have fewer domestic producers, and there are certain differences in product stability and technology indicators compared to imported components.
The performance stability of semiconductors and associated technical indicators do not fully meet the technical requirements of the company's products, and import substitution is not expected to be fully achieved in the short term.” Thus, it is evident that most of the mainstream home-grown photovoltaic reverses manufacturers tend to buy igbt from abroad, and the domestic igbt manufacturer revolution is not yet over and still needs to be pursued
And according to Time Electric, its photovoltaic gbt product has entered the supply chain of most of the country’s headlines and is expected to be replaced by national production. Chart 36: The majority of our photovoltaic reverse transformer, the gbt, is imported from abroad.
2.4 Car regulation gbt: “Downweight strike” from high to medium pressure, the era of double carbon to kick off new opportunities The company has gradually narrowed the gap with British fliers in vehicle regulation gbt technology and is now fully mastered of fine gull technology, equivalent to British flier gbt-6 technology.
There is still a gap between the company as a whole and the industry's leading English flyer, mainly in the case of 1) the country's industrialization started late, with major manufacturing test equipment and core raw materials mostly imported. 2) It is difficult for chips to be certified by car codes, as cars require very high working temperatures, operational stability, etc., and failure rates.
3) very high product-consistency requirements make it impossible for the entire factory to simply replace suppliers and customers to be sticky. Thus, the current share of the global car regulations in the gbt market is still being held by older semiconductors overseas.
In addition, the company announced in September 2022 that it would be the Faleo Group.
Official supplier of the igbt module of the power-driven system, with a target project starting in 2023, total supply is expected to reach $200 million per quarter, a significant increase over the same period.
Downstream client, D., wide-bang, smart new semiconductor.
Wind: 300 000/year, car size block encapsulation capability.
The advantage of the sub-idm mode of low- and medium-pressure components is evident, with self-building capabilities guaranteeing the supply of chips, and we believe that producers will benefit first when the supply and demand gap in the drop-off of gbt persists.
The company's current 8-inch igbt line has 360,000 units per year, and it produces close-to-the-art layouts for a whole car factory, such as thugs, and continues to guarantee the company's chip supply, response speed. According to Ne-era data, January-September 2022, the company's new energy vehicle power module was installed.
A total of 411,000 units, or 12 per cent of the domestic share, a 432 per cent increase, well above 56 per cent of the British flyer, are sufficient to show that home-grown igbt firms will quickly replace their national production under a lack of stock.  Market size: the new energy truck market is the largest increase in the igbt, and is projected to be new globally and in China in 2025.
The size of the energy vehicle igbt market amounts to $33.2 billion, $15.9 billion, the average igbt vehicle value from 2020-2025, the annual drop in the purchase of the igbt, and the penetration of high-end vehicles. 1) The electric rate affects the value of the single vehicle igbt. The igbt typically accounts for the new energy vehicle.
5% of the cost of the bom. According to Strategyanalytics, 48v light-power semiconductor single vehicle value is $90 and pure electric vehicle semiconductor single vehicle value is $330 (equivalent to RMB2,100). 2) The higher end of the new energy vehicle model has more use for the igbt module, hence
The value of a bicycle is higher. The average a00-car is about $800, a graded electric vehicle is about $2,000, while the current four-drive system of some of the higher-end vehicles, such as the ideal one, uses two electrical control modules for each system, and therefore its value is estimated to be about $800.
Up to $3,200. In the future, with a sustained increase in the penetration rate of high-end four-drive vehicles, class A, class B, the value of the igbt vehicle will increase, and we expect the value of the new energy vehicle igbt to reach 1980 by 2025, taking into account the current downside effect of the acquisition of the igbt by the entire plant.
The value of the vehicle will remain at around $1,700. Global new energy traffic in 2021 amounted to 6.44 million vehicles, corresponding to the size of the gbt market, 10.4 billion vehicles (40% penetration), and the global gbt market, corresponding to the size of the country, would amount to 33.2 billion yuan.
There are a lot of big foreign players in the field, companies are looking forward to pre-positioning Sic car regulations, technology and performance levels are close to foreign manufacturers, and they are now able to produce 100,000 to 120,000 vehicles/yearly. The Sic module is currently used mainly for high-performance 4-drive driving, with Tesla, Biadei, Peng and Peng using them.
The programme, assuming that the penetration rate of the sic module will rise to 15% in 2025, takes into account the continuing decline in the price of the sic module, which is expected to reach $18.9 billion in the market for the new energy vehicle sic module in 2025 and 68% in five years. Considering the alternative effect of the sic module on the gbt, the new energy source is projected to be 2025.
The carigbt market amounts to $28.2 billion, with a five-year capr reaching 42 per cent.
British Flying (Germany), Mitsubishi Electric (Japan), Fuji Electric (Japan), Ansomy (United States), Friends Electric (Japan) microsemi (United States), Reza Electronics (Japan), Matsumoto (Japan), Daconing (United States), ii-vi (United States)
Littlefuse (United States), Toshiba (Japan), genesic (United States) etc (Italy) untedsic (Italy)
x-fab (Germany) New Japanese Iron Lodge (Japan) novasic (France)
Hengja Technology (Taiwan, China) sksiltron (Republic of Korea)
Kajing Electronics (Taiwan, China) Quantue Technology (Taiwan, China) Xiyu Technology (Taiwan, China)
San An PV, Golden Light of the Century, Chinese half-conductor 55, Chinese 13, basic semiconductor 10, Shandong Tianyu
With the crystals, with the shares of Skytron, with the steel industry, with the electronics of Toni, with the technology of Yangjie, with the Star Half-conductor, with the Biadi Half-conductor.
Huo Yuu Wei, Slan Wei, Tai Ko Tian Yu, Hsien Tian Tsi etc.
Figure 43: Vehicle-carsic module, size of the gbt market III, “Back-to-peer” to create industrial industrial clusters in the two-carbon era 1. Relying on the technologically thick and thin-haired advantage of the Jibuya plant plus the car-like advantage, power-driven system operations are moving into a period of rapid growth
▪ The "heart" of a new energy vehicle, with power-driven systems consisting mainly of power-drivers, controllers, and transmissions, equivalent to the "engine +ecu power unit + transmission box" in a fuel-fueled car. Currently, power-driven systems designed with high integration are "triple/multiple"
The product becomes the future direction for the power-driven sector by being able to take advantage of more compact physical space, fewer raw materials, and more abundant functions. As of May 22, 57% of the country's “triple/multiple” power-driven system was installed.
Figure 45: Three/multiple systems January-May 2022 57% load ratio Figure 44: Location of power-driven systems installed on new energy sources (total power drive + transmission)
Controls are always running, the President is running, the power is running.
In July 22nd, when the city was hit by a car-drive system, the country’s first capital was launched in 21 years on the basis of autonomous research and development of large-power electric power-driven products, with a million products that could be deployed on a scale of 4%. In recent years, the company’s electricity-driven system has seen a significant increase in revenue, with 200 million dollars in 2020, 2021 in 2022, and the first three quarters of 2022, respectively.
There are 400,000 units/years of smt, electromechanical control capacity, and the tinless base has a well-developed chain of power-driven systems that meet the needs of a00-c-class vehicles and sov, planning 300,000 units/years, and is now capable of 200,000 units/years.
The flag, which also opened up the first three cars in the new power of car-making. Specifically, on the model, we found that the company's power-driven systems were equipped with hot-market models, such as the Ben, Ho-U-V series. In August 22, the company announced the establishment of a joint venture company with a single gas to deepen the electricity supply.
According to Ne-era data, in January-June 2022, the company delivered 63,000 electric power-driven systems with a market share of 5%, industry ranked 6th, and by July 22, the company broke down and the market rose by 4.
Market size: Based on the sales data of the five major power-driven system manufacturers in active power, giant technology, ocean power, straight sea magnets, and Inpol, we estimate the unit price of each new energy vehicle system at approximately $4480, each with a new system, taking into account the impact of the annual drop in the power-driven unit price.
Global and domestic market sizes in 2025 will be $87.5 billion, $42 billion, and 2020-2025.
Industry. In the first three quarters of 2022, corporate industrial transformation products generated 850 million yuan, an increase of 304 per cent, marine industrial equipment, 300 million yuan, an increase of 92 per cent, sensors, 300 million yuan, an increase of 127 per cent. Currently, industrial transformation products are used mainly in the fields of heating, metallurgy, new energy generation, including photovoltaics.
In the meantime, in 2015 the company acquired a well-known supplier of British deep-sea robots, a reverse transformer, a wind currenter, a central air conditioner, etc., and established a Shanghai vehicle, smd, in 2017, which successfully led the company's business to seamen.
Field extension. The company's sensors have been used mainly in the field of railing, and in recent years have been successful in the field of wind light. Chart 50: The company's industrial equipment revenues increased significantly in the first three quarters of 2022 (millions of dollars) by 2.1 light-voltage converters: they have relied on the Chinese advantage, they have been continuously laid in industrial bases, and the city's share has increased rapidly.
The top-down and bottom-down synergists have been able to achieve a breakthrough in their photovoltaic reverse technology, with a continuous deployment of zero carbon-intelligents, equipping the industrial base with increased capacity. In recent years they have been on the “Five Six-Six-Six” purchase list, with a steady first mark in 22 years, July and August.
The company is actively pursuing the pace of technology in the industry and continues to add codes to the general platform technology of the three-power flatteners. As of August, the company has accumulated a cumulative concentration of 1.1gw, groups.
The chain 5.4gw, epc 637mw, of which the mid-points in July and August were the highest in the industry, with a rapid rise in the city’s share. The new energy industry base continued to be deployed. In March 22, the company planned to build the year of Kucing, with another zero carbon smart facility, 5gw, settled in the U.S. Sea.
Market size: Based on our data on windlight igbt, we expect global and Chinese light-voltaic converter shipments to reach 422, 139gw in 2025, multiplied by their respective corresponding prices per w unit, with market size of 950, 22.4 billion yuan, and capr of 24%, 2020-2025, respectively.
It is a fully competitive market in which the market tends to be concentrated towards industry, with the share of both Chinese and Yang producers standing at 82%, a 2% increase over 20 years. Of this, China is running on a continuous basis with solar power sources, accounting for 23% and 21% of the city in 21 years, while Gurevate is the third largest producer, accounting for 7%.
Top3 controls more than half of the global market for photovoltaic converters.  The future trend in wind motors is towards high power and offshore wind power, so full-power wind transformers are expected to become the mainstream of the industry.
The market share of 4.0mw and above is expected to increase further, as the ratio of installed machines is as high as 73 per cent, while the offshore wind power is 99.7 per cent, while the full-power wind transformer is mainly used in high-power wind turbines. The company currently covers dual-fluent transformers and medium- and low-pressure full-power transformers.
In 2017, the company entered into a contract with Nanjing Wind and Technology Ltd. for the supply of 110 2.3mw double-dip currents products, the first order on the company's wind and transformer product market.
Asia’s largest maritime 10-mw semi-directed electromagnetic wind generator was down in Shandong, and in December of the same year, the product of the Public Division’s 4.8mw three-electric flat wind transformer was successfully offline.
Figure 55: New share of wind power units of different unit capacity on land in 2021 Figure 57: Development path of company wind power machines + transformers in recent years Market size: Wind currents costs about half of wind power based on arrival shares and triple energy purchase data
4% of the fleet. By 2025, we expect the size of the global and domestic wind turbines to be 157gw, 97gw, and by the corresponding unit price of the wind transformer, so we'll estimate the size of the global and domestic wind transformer market to be 26.1 billion yuan, 16 billion yuan by 2025, and 2020-2025, respectively.
The wind currenter is a fully competitive market in which domestic manufacturers are already dominant and where third-party suppliers compete with self-suppliers.
According to the Woodmackenzie data, by 2020 the market for wind transformers was dominated by sunlight power sources and browsing electricity, with 22 per cent and 16 per cent respectively. 2.2 Sensors: transhipment leads, output expansion leads to higher output, expanding to windlight.
The company has focused on sensor technology for more than 30 years, and now has the largest market for rail sensors, leading the industry in new energy vehicles, wind and wind. The Ningbo era is the center of the company's first sensor technology experiment, and is now being developed around currents, voltage, displacement, pressure, velocity, and temperature 6.
More than 700 sensor product types, with 14 new production lines built in 22h1, with an annual capacity of over 16.5 million. Continued focus on sensor technology development. The company's orbital traffic sensor industry, which has managed to capture a large number of key core technologies, successfully developed mems platinum chips, mems magnets.
Core sensor chips, such as door chips, and sensors based on autonomous chip technology have been able to connect the development chain of technology applications across industry from device to module to market.
The area of downstream application of sensors is wide. Automobile electrons are the largest downstream. According to the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry, the highest proportion of automobile electrons in sensors was 24 per cent in 2020, with industrial manufacturing, network communication, affordable electrons, medical electrons accounting for 21 per cent, 21 per cent, 15 per cent and 7 per cent, respectively.
Market size: According to Sadie's consultant, the global sensor market was projected to be $16.6 billion in 2020. By 2025, it is projected to be $320 billion, with 15% of the period cagr. In 2020, China reported that our share of the sensor market was dominated by foreign manufacturers, with low market concentration.
Foreign companies like Siemens and Bosch account for more than 60% of the market share of China’s sensor industry. In terms of market concentration, the industry is fragmented, with top5 companies such as Gore shares, Hanway electronics, etc., accounting for more than 40% of the domestic sensor market, and the remaining 60% are SMEs.
2.3 Seawork Equipment: Acquisition of UK smd, acquisition of new opportunities for seamen, acquisition of UK smd, extension of high iron technology into the deep sea to fill the void of domestic deep-sea robotics industry. In February 2015, the company proposed to spend approximately $1.2 billion to buy 100% of UK ' s smd stock.
The company, located in Newcastle, England, was the second-largest supplier of global deep-sea robots and the leading manufacturer of bottom-ground engineering machines. The company was extended from high-iron technology to deep-sea. According to Time Electric, it expanded to deep-sea equipment in marine and ocean engineering, and it was the core technology of corporate orbital traffic electrical transmission and control.
This extension could be accompanied by operational collaboration with maritime operations already in existence in South China, which would create a marine industrial equipment industry cluster. The acquisition was followed by a surge in marine equipment technology, which would take advantage of new opportunities in the marine industry.
In December of the same year, the company completed the piloting and delivery of the first commercial deep-sea mining facility produced globally. In July 2016, Smd successfully hit the shipping department of Shanghai, RDA's 6,000-metre remotely operated unmanned submersible project, the country's first 6,000-metre-class RV project.
Project. In 2020, the company launched its own home-grown smart walker, a cable-drawing machine with precision navigational positioning, and an underwater simulation system. At the same time, the company currently has a number of projects in the field of marine equipment, such as deep-sea robotic power drive and smart transformation technology.
The company will then be the country’s first company with 3,000 metres of underwater power technology. And fourth, from “high speed, heavy load” to “green, smart” and from “second spring” of the company’s track-over business.
The company is a leading supplier of the towed-transformation system in the country ' s track trade industry, which produces towing-transformation systems of various types in the urban-trading-trading-trading-trading-trading-trading-trading-trading-trading-trading-trading-trading-trading-trading-trading-trading-trading-trading-trading-trading-trading-trading-trading-trading-trading-trading-trading-trading-trading-trading-trading-trading-trading system.
In the area of locomotives, the company-to-trading currents system has the largest market share: more than 6,000 units of the company-to-car harmony series, about 150 units of the Renaissance powered centralized and exported in bulk to Australia, Australia and Australia.
In the area of moving vehicles, the company-to-motivated flow system has accumulated a fleet of vehicles in excess of the 1300 mark and a fleet of 350 standard columns in the area of moving vehicles in the “Recovery”.
In the urban track, the company towed current system is widely used in different models, such as subways, single-track trains, magnetic floating trains, engineering vehicles, etc. In 2021, the company won a total of 3,282 or 59 per cent of the 561 underground towed current system orders.
In the first three quarters of 2022, company track business revenue totalled $7.2 billion, and Maori totalled $2.8 billion, of which track electrical equipment (mainly towing currents) generated $5.7 billion, and figure 71: company track business Māori is at industry lead level
Figure 72: Corporate track transaction breakdown revenue (millions of dollars) for 2008-2018. Corporate track business clients are mostly comprised of domestic and foreign firms such as the China-Car company ' s main mainframe, the National Iron Group, and its subsidiaries, which have been collected in recent years.
The ratio of access has remained at over 60%. The core client ratio is high. 1) For the mainframe plant, the public goods are mainly developed in conjunction with the mainframe model and technology platform, and the cooperation between the two sides has a historical continuity. 2) The entire rail track traffic vehicle is identified as being used in the piloting of the pilot phase.
2. Depending on the country's green intelligence strategy and looking at the new opportunities offered by the urban track, China's fixed-assets investment in railways has been relatively stable in recent years, at around 800 billion, slightly below 2021.
According to the forecast of the iron and steel builders and in conjunction with the ongoing and proposed railway project, the investment in fixed assets in railways is expected to remain stable at about 800 billion yuan per year during the “14th Five-Year” period.
In recent years, the urban transport sector has been growing rapidly, with investments in China amounting to $586 billion in 2021, in the four-fifth plan and in the draft Vision 2035 outline for 2016-2021, and in the 14-year period total investment in urban-track projects.
In the area of railways, under the National Railways Group ' s New Era Railways Framework, it is expected that the railway industry will be able to reach its second spring, compared with the trend in intelligent green development, which was completed during the 13th Five-Year Period, and with multiple industrial policies.
By 2035, the country's railway network will be about 200,000 kilometres large. In the area of urban rail, the National Council of State's National Programme for Integrated Stereo-Treatment Networks proposed that, by 2035, the country's national integrated and high-quality transport network, which is essentially green, smart and modern, will be in operation.
As a whole, the rail industry is policy-oriented, with green intelligence as the entry point for the future, and is expected to continue to grow. The company has been in the field of green intelligence on track for many years, and many technologies have been successfully deployed.
The Division's SMRT system, with its green and efficient advantages, is now successfully installed in the first international class of the SMRT 350 km/h. Autopilot technology, the company has captured the key technologies of reloading the vehicle, imitation of the operating environment, integration of the autopilot system, etc., is now in CSA, Guangzhou.
In 2021, the company's towed transformer, based on 3300v full sic device, was operated on the Shenzhen 1 line, reducing the towed energy consumption by 10%, and in the same year, the company's core system contributed to 600 km of high-speed magnetic floats, which were successfully offline for China's transhipment industry.
“Heavy, high-speed” has continued to contribute to the “green, smart” direction. 3. Crafts’ deep-settling support operations have sailed and the rail equipment stock + railway network has grown rapidly, and post-sale security will provide a wider market space.
By the end of 2021, the country's railways were operating 150,000 kilometres, signalling that the train operated on the front line was gradually entering the maintenance phase, particularly with the increased capacity of the Chinese standard-driven fleet to apply and self-assembly, the country's producers of spare parts would benefit more. According to company information, the electrical age is high.
The value of the maintenance of the iron bicycle package equals the value of the sale of a new system, so it is expected that the industry will have a chart 78: China's rail vehicle holdings of various types (millions) where companies have built up and produced manufacturing experience based on years of rolling stock technology, which will provide a track turnover for customers
In terms of maintenance capacity, the company’s orbital engineering machinery is used mainly for the construction, detection, maintenance and maintenance of the rail traffic infrastructure. In the area of railways, the Ministry’s subsidiary, Bo-Chicken, was one of the three leading companies in the iron industry.
In terms of maintenance coverage, the Department has continued to optimize the layout in conjunction with the National Iron Group, and has established 18 territorial chemical facilities throughout the country. In 2021, the company continued to expand the market and the city track was overtaken by cross-platform inspections.
Revisions, the first subway towed system maintenance project in the winning country. In 2020, corporate income from insurance fell to $1.2 billion, or 19 per cent, owing to the effects of the epidemic.
High gas levels, supply and demand gaps accelerate the pace of national production replacements, corporate high-pressure gbt technological advantage goes to medium, low-pressure high-speed extension + rapid production capacity under pre-positioned sic vehicle regulation +idm mode, further increase in the rate of release of the city, and a rapid growth in power semiconductor operations is expected.
High climate, according to our estimates, the global gbt market is expected to be 95.4 billion in 2025, leading the way, continuing to expand to high-speed areas such as low- and medium-pressure new energy vehicles, adding up supply and demand gaps and releasing 8 inches of gbt line output, leading to a rapid increase in output and a further increase in national production turnover.
Generations. We expect the company car code igbt module to be equipped with 700,000 new energy vehicles in 2022, the high-pressure igbt, multiplied by the size of the market in 22 years, will generate $650 million in revenue, and the photovoltaic wind power igbt will accelerate the conversion of components to national production, taking into account, for example, solar power sources.
The company is expected to earn 240 million yuan in 22 years. In summary, we expect the company to grow its power semiconductor operations from 2022 to 2024 at the rate of a new power-driven system operation: 1) we expect the global market for power-driven systems to reach its size in 2025.
Eighty-seven billion yuan, plus 45 per cent in 2020-2025, and the market size of China ' s power-driven systems amounts to 42 billion yuan and 48 per cent in 2020-2025. 2) The company ' s own power-driven system creates synergies in the upstream and downstream industrial chains. 3) Rapid entry into the vehicle-based supply chain, both for long supply periods.
Traditional car companies like Ann, the Red Flag, have also opened up the top three of the new car-making forces and the cars of the crowd, and are also hot for sale in the respective sub-markets, such as the u/v series, which were added to the self-built plants for rapid release, and we expect the company to produce in 2022.
The company is expected to grow by 124%, 43%, and 11%, with revenues of $1.019 billion, industrial transformation products: the company has entered the “Fifty Six Small Twos” on several occasions in 22 years, thanks to the company’s advantages.
List of purchases, with a steady first mark on the PVV in July and August, with technical synergies with the China-China Group, the public power plant and the current hand order volume, projected to be in orbital traffic equipment operations: 1) take good note of the gradual exit of the domestic epidemic in the second half of 2022.
For the first time in almost three years, China has signed a new list of equipment requirements, which will increase the expected improvement in the future. (2) The construction of domestic urban rail traffic is currently in a period of rapid growth, with total investment in the 14th Five-Year Track 33 per cent higher than that in the 13th Five-Year Track, and will drive much more in the future.
Multi-city vehicle procurement requirements, which boost the growth of the company ' s revenue from the urban orbital transfer of equipment. 3) Prior-period up-linking of operational vehicles into maintenance, post-sale security and replacement requirements will continue to contribute to the revenue. 4 per cent, 1 per cent, 0 per cent, and 4 per cent increase in the company ' s orbital transport operations for 2022-2024.
At a high level of scale, and with a sustained increase in research and development inputs to develop new products, the expected sales cost  we use segment valuation methods to value companies, orbital equipment/power semiconductor/new energy power drive for orbital transport equipment operations, which is stable for profit and in mature cycles, use p/e
Valuation, using the China Chase, the Sinkkawa technology, the control technology, the Chinese vehicle as a comparable company, considering that the business is about to bounce back, together with the company ' s leading position in the country, gives the component a 22-fold p/e valuation in 2022, orbital transport equipment in 2022.
For power semiconductor operations, which are in a period of rapid growth but for which short-term profits cannot be realized, the company idm is considered as a comparable company using p/s valuations to select the main product for the same purpose as the new energy source, i.e., the car industry, i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e.e., i., i., i.e., i.e.e.e., i., ., i., i., i., i., i.e., i., i.e., i.e.e.e.e.
In the case of the new power-driven system operations, which are in a period of rapid growth but for which short-term profits are not reflected, it is not possible to establish a new energy-driven system that is capable of producing more than one million dollars in value-added vehicles.
Therefore, using p/s valuations to select Giant Technologies, Inpol, Ocean Electrics as comparable companies, considering that the business is now fast-tracked into the supply chain of the company and that the build-up of the manufacturing capacity of the Jibuya plant has accelerated release, and that the igbt has formed an advantage in the upstream and downstream industrial chain from its own sources, giving the business a 5-fold advantage in 2022.
p/s valuation of new energy power-driven system operations of $1,019 million in 2022, corresponding to market value, using p/s valuations for industrial transformation products and other operations, to select Dewey, Sunshine Power, Journey Technology as a comparable company, considering the firm ' s advantages and gathering in Chinese.
Technical synergies between the regiment, corporate powerware operations, but also include operations such as seawork equipment, which is relatively stable to grow, valued 6 times the value of that segment ' s operations in 2022, industry 2022 Chart 82: Comparable corporate valuation of power semiconductor operations
Figure 83: Comparable corporate valuation of new energy power-driven systems operations Figure 84: Valuation of industrial variable products and other comparable companies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Industry competition has increased, affecting corporate Māori penetration. • New energy vehicles, photovoltaic power permeability are less than expected: company power semiconductors, new energy vehicle power drive systems, industrial transformers downstream into new energy vehicles, photovoltaic wind power, for example, if downstream penetration rates
It is not as likely to affect the company’s revenue collection.  Orbital transport equipment operations are not as expected: the company’s revenues from railing equipment are linked to fixed investment in national railways and urban tracks, and investments are not as high as they are expected to have an impact on the company’s revenue.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment