Once again, the pipeline is sailing, recommending (for the first time) the Quasi equipment business: steady growth, which supports the company ' s long-term development.
The company was hit by an epidemic in 2020, and tender orders in the field of railing continued to fall, showing short-term under-requirement. After 1455, the policy supported self-control, industrial upgrading, the build-up of high iron level 5 overhauls, replacement and replacement requirements for high-iron parts and components.
The upgrade, the domestication of spare parts, and the company's business are on the top of the agenda. We believe that when the company's railings start a large-scale maintenance train after 2023, it is expected to grow steadily and become a prince.
• Emerging equipment operations: the advantage of the igbt is obvious, with high pressure switching to medium- and low-pressure, widening the growth space. The company’s semi-conductor business is well advanced, high-pressure igbt layouts are on track for many years, and in 2019 the company entered the city of low- and medium-pressure igbt.
At the end of September 22, the company planned to invest $11.12 billion in the construction of new production lines in Nie Hing and Chang Chau, each producing 360,000 8 inches of the 8 inch line, and the gbt model.
In 2018, the company completed the first 6-inch chip production line in the country, with the company having autonomous intellectual property rights, the sic sbd, sicmosfet, and sic modules, covering a voltage of 650v-3300v.
• Vertical expansion, expanding the market for new energy vehicles and industrial transformers. Companies have established joint ventures with a number of car companies, bringing the total number of new energy-driven system deliveries to 85,000 in the year, and the total number of new energy-driven systems to 63,000 in the first half of 2022, ranking among the top six industries.
The area of apparatus has expanded well, and the company has consistently won the PVG order in January-September of 22 years, ranking its installed capacity at the top of the domestic firm, and we believe that the company's new energy vehicle power drive, PVG and wind currents will be expected to produce a stronger scale effect in the future.
Corporate research and development of new products has fallen short of expectations; supply chain uncertainties caused by the epidemic. Markets argue that: companies are well positioned in the field of railing, and insufficient demand in the area of railing has hampered the company’s growth base; companies expand production to meet the needs of light-storage users, but the heat in the market for sic may lead to the company’s expansion, equipment acquisition and plant construction.
We believe that, with the rising demand in the field of railing, the company's track business base plate can provide a source of constant cash flow to the company, and that the company is at the forefront of the domestic market in the area of emerging equipment, with deep layouts in the areas of triad power drive systems, photovoltaic reverse transformers and industrial transformers, with a world class of product power; and that the company's recent announcement of an expansion plan in the area of igbt.
They believe that there are still some limitations to the use of sic on the platform, that the cost factor and the cost of remodelling 800v are barriers to the use of sic materials by multiple manufacturers, that the use of igbt remains the dominant trend, and that companies have faster market response and stronger integration in many layouts in the areas of power semiconductors, power-driven systems and industrial transformers.
(b) The company's capacity to produce and deliver goods in the igtb module area continues to increase;
The supply and demand structure of the power semiconductor sector has changed: the uncertain impact of demand in the track industry: the failure of firms to develop new products is expected: supply chain uncertainties caused by the epidemic. First, the domestic track equipment has been brought to the fore, with the “fast-key” for the growth of emerging business.
(i) The company’s history is deep, and the multi-practices are moving forward in parallel. The company’s history is deep, and it is a leading supplier of the towed currents system in the country’s transhipment.
In keeping with the “two-fold-high” high-speed towed management model, the development strategy of “consensual diversity” has been developed around technology and the market, resulting in a complete industrial chain structure of “fundamental instruments plus devices and systems plus whole machines and engineering” involving high irons, locomotives, urban tracks, rail engineering machines, communications signals, large power semiconductors, sensors, seawork equipment, new energy vehicles, environmental protection, general-purpose transformers.
In many areas, including more than 20 countries and regions around the world, good cooperation has been established with a number of well-known national and international enterprises ... with a wide range of development spaces and prospects.
The company, as a leading torque supplier in the domestic orbital transport industry, has an integrated capability for R & D, design, manufacture, marketing and services, and is committed to becoming a global orbital transport equipment comprehensive solution provider. The company is mainly engaged in R & D, design, manufacture, market and supply of orbital transport equipment products.
Related services, with an industrial structure of “instruction plus systems plus whole”, products include, inter alia, orbital transport electrical equipment, orbital engineering machinery, communication signal systems, etc., dominated by orbital transport towing systems. At the same time, the company is active in the deployment of industries other than orbital transport, in the areas of power semiconductor devices, industrial transformation products, new energy motor power systems, sensors, seawork equipment, etc.
(ii) Corporate control is centralized and the management team is stable. The National Finance Committee holds 100% of the shares in the China-China Car Group, which is the owner of the Chinese-China Car Holding. The Chinese-China Cars share 100% of the shares in the Chinese-China-Changzhou Institute, the Chinese-Chang Chau Company, the Chinese-Ceng Chai Company, the Chinese-Changi Investment Leasing and the Chinese-China-Hong Kong Capital Management Company Ltd.
The company holds 43% of the company’s shares, of which the company’s shares are 41.63% directly held by the company’s company, and the company’s shareholdings are directly held by the company. With the development of multi-subsidiary companies, the company has established a larger number of subsidiaries, spread throughout the country’s transport-developed cities, with strong synergies between them.
Figure 3: Corporate equity structure. Marketized management teams have a wealth of experience, and many people have a lot of experience in the field of cross-trading. The current chairman, Lee Dong-lin, and his deputy, Liu Ko-Ann, both have more than 25 years of experience, leading the company to an accurate direction of business development.
A pool of highly qualified and efficient professional research and development personnel: in 2021, the total number of company research and development personnel was 2,728 or 35.28 per cent of the total number of employees in the country, with 11 core technical staff, including Xu Shalong and Wang Yu, having a certain technical background and scientific achievements. (iii) The development of track transfer equipment has been stable and new equipment has grown rapidly.
Corporate performance is short-term pressure, with a reduction in the client ' s investment budget being the main reason. The company achieved revenues of $15,521 million in 2021, the emerging equipment business grew gradually, and the power module grew brightly. In terms of corporate income as a whole, the track transaction was 11.80% of the company ' s income, and the revenue ratio fell to 81.02%, resulting in insufficient demand.
From a breakdown of the business modules, power semiconductor operations generated revenues of $1,068 million, an increase of 33.26 per cent over the same period, new energy power and power-driven industries generated revenues of $456 million, an increase of 171.32 per cent over the same period, industrial transformation operations generated revenues of $528 million, an increase of 30.58 per cent over the same period, and more emerging equipment products contributed to rapid growth.
In terms of the Māori rate, the company ' s higher Māori rate of Māori transport and electrical equipment revenue decreased in the period 2018-2020, due to a decline in operating income and a change in the marketing structure of the product. In the operational perspective, Māori is higher than the new equipment business, mainly because powerware products used to be marketed.
At the heart of technology R & D, the technology has made a breakthrough. From R & D inputs, corporate R & D spending has continued to grow and stabilize, at $1.69 billion in 2021, with an overall R & D cost of 12.41% and a stable overall R & D ratio.
Capital spending has been growing steadily, cash flows and customer structures have gradually improved. From the company ' s historical cash flow, the company has stabilized its cash flow levels, and in 2008 it earned Daniels, the third-generation semiconductor of the layout, and then invested in the construction of the country ' s first 8 inches of the gbt production line in 2014, with products covering the transhipment, electricity grids and new energy vehicles, which are emerging in the future.
The equipment business will be a strong growth point in the company’s performance. In terms of client structure, the company’s top two clients, the Chinese Car Cluster and the National Iron Group, used most of their products in the past for the cycle-building of the transhipment system, but this trend is expected to continue in the past three years, with the company’s concerted reliance on the Chinese Motors industry and the market-based operation of new equipment.
(i) There is still potential in the field of re-entry into the fast-growing track of transport to take on the important responsibility of national production The company is the preferred supplier and leading to a diversionary flow of comprehensive solutions for electrical systems in the field of transport and energy
Systems suppliers. The company has an industrial structure of “devices plus systems plus whole”, which provides the community with smart, safe, green, comfortable high-end equipment through continuous commercial, technological and managerial innovation, and produces a multi-trailing system that covers motor vehicles, motor vehicles, urban rails, etc., and leads the market in the domestic urban towing system for many years.
In the area of orbital transport electrical equipment, the company's first hybrid vehicle to carry a new dc1500v platform, lithium carbonate power cell, was connected, and the platform completed all the safety certification test points in tj/jw126-2020 and tj/jw1227-2020.
In the field of orbital engineering, the unmanned system of mine cards, developed by the company itself, was completed in the open-air coal mine of Yansi Bay in the Marlins.
In the area of communications signals, the first stage of a company-owned Dsj-80 underground sound barrier repair operation was successfully delivered.
The task of running the circuit sound barrier was successfully completed. Figure 14: Business structure of the company ' s railing, orbital engineering machinery
Communications signal system 17.36 per cent of trajectories in 2021. Mr. Son, trajectories electrical equipment as a percentage of trajectories in 2021
Sci-Paw's middle car is one of the three main National Iron Group road-keeping machines. 77.11% of the products include towing Big Bianchi, information control systems, vehicle atp devices, etc signal systems, etc.
One of the producing enterprises can produce heavy orbital vehicles, exposure to chemical and intelligent systems products.
Net operators, large-scale road mechanics, urban orbital transport are used in trunk railways, inter-city railways and urban tracks.
(ii) There has been a steady growth in global rail operations, with China's single-step high-iron market, which ranks as the world's number one, far more than the rest of the world. By the end of 2020, global high-iron operations had exceeded 588 thousand kilometres, and urban transport operations had exceeded 334 million kilometres, of which high-iron operations had exceeded 38,000 miles.
High-iron construction coverage will be further strengthened, with large-scale improvements expected in 2035. In July 2016, the High-speed Railways, about 38,000 km high-speed railways, were largely built.
On 24 February 2021, the Central Chinese Republic and the State Council issued the Outline for the Planning of the National Integrated Stereo-Territories Network, which is expected to reach 70,000 km by 2035. The country ' s railway network covers essentially more than 200,000 urban cities with a permanent population of more than 200,000, and the high-speed railway network covers more than 80 per cent of the major cities.
In 2020, 25.90% of the country’s high iron mileage rose to 20.33 pct, while the proportion of high iron passenger traffic rose from 7.98% in 2010 to 70.67% in 2020, so that the evolution of high iron technology in the country over the past 10 years has contributed significantly to improving the efficiency of the overall functioning of society.
In 2020, our railway was Electrified at 10 million km, with a rate of 72.8%, and the overall rate of rewiring and electrification increased by 19 pct compared to 2010 and ranked first in the world. At the same time, since 2014, China has maintained its annual fixed-assets investment of 800 billion yuan per year.
In 2021, 748.9 billion yuan was invested in fixed railways, 4208 kilometres of new railway lines and 2,168 kilometres of new railway lines throughout the country.
The Rules for the Use of Repairs in Railway Motors, except for Crh2 and Crh380a, all the remaining standards for level-III to level-V repairs are 1.2 million kilometres per year, 2.4 million kilometres per year, and 4.8 million kilometres per year, requiring a five-level overhaul involving large-scale replacement of spare parts. In 2021, our Railways had 33,000 units and an additional 1,881 units per year.
The number of mobile cars entering the advanced inspection cycle is high, and the first major repairs are expected to take place in 2023, and the increase in maintenance needs will facilitate the transit equipment operation.
At the end of the year, there were 283 urban orbital transport lines in 50 cities in mainland China, with a total of 9206.8 km. Of these, 720.9 km of metro ore lines, or 78.3%, and other urban orbital lines, 1997.1%, or 21.7%, were opened and 1237.1 km were added in the same year.
The rapid pace of development, the size of the network of first-line cities, the majority of planned construction projects in priority cities, the full construction of urban rail transport in emerging cities, and the projected steady drop in investment in urban rail transport during the “145” period.
Figure 24: Orbital transport operations mileage Table 4: The country ' s major urban transit planning (iii) has a clear policy orientation and is expected to continue to improve in the future
According to the Development Plan for the Modern Integrated Transport System, the country's railway operations in 2025 are expected to be 165,000 kilometres, of which 50,000 kilometres are high, and the national railway operations in 2035 are expected to be 200,000 kilometres, of which 70,000 are high.
There is still close to 80 per cent of the growth space at the end of 2021, the construction of the future high irons is progressing steadily, the relevant rail equipment is being provided, the city track is being developed at an accelerated pace, and the traffic is rising. According to 35 new urban orbital lines in 2021, new operations are being introduced 1168 kilometres, an increase of 15 per cent compared with the corresponding increase of 7 cities.
For the first time, it was operational. In 2021, 6,120 million passengers were transported in urban orbital traffic nationwide, a 35 per cent increase compared to the previous year, and the ease of urban orbital traffic was gradually increasing. The ratio of subways was close to 80 per cent, the main mode of urban orbital transport. The structure of rail orbital lines in the interior of the country was about 7253.73 kilometres, or 78.90 per cent, and the combined share of fast and trams was about 78.90 per cent.
This is close to 16%, and the light track is 2.39%. We think that, as the national urban track progresses steadily, the area of manufacturing of equipment related to the urban track is moving, we estimate the number of new vehicles on the fast-track (with high iron and inter-urban railways) and the urban rail track 2021-2023, using statistics on projected traffic through vehicles, as well as the density of the mobile fleet.
New and emerging equipment operations: power devices are the core growth direction, longitudinal expansion (i) from high-pressure to low- and medium-pressure areas, and core product parameters are globally competitive. Companies are the few suppliers of the "igbt+idm" power-driven systems in the country.
The company uses the Idm model as a multi-head manufacturer overseas, the British Fry, the Fuji electric machine, and has the ability to design and deliver the igbt chips and modules. At the same time, when power devices are matured, the value of the manufacturing is higher than in the design field, and the Idm is able to integrate the profits of the industrial chain.
After purchasing dynex after 2008, the company, relying on advanced technology from its subsidiaries, stepped up its autonomous research and development of power semiconductor technology, which it had been in orbit for many years.
In 2017, the company entered the grid, gradually took high voltage of the grid's gbt orders, then gradually cut wind power, photovoltaics, industrial controls and new energy vehicles, using the high voltage of the high voltage of gbt, and in terms of product parameters, the company's high voltage of over 3,300v, the company's gbt products and British fliers, Mitsubishi electricity, etc.
In the area of 1700v, the company’s igbt product has a better flow-down parameter than the overseas manufacturer, and the company is also close to the level of the major overseas plant for the 1700v product switch. At the same time, in terms of product consistency, the firm’s long-term industry is equally secure.
(ii) Increased market demand for power devices and the pre-emptive advantage of overseas manufacturers, in terms of market space, China’s power semiconductor market grew faster than the global market. According to Mida data, the global power semiconductor market was about 43.562 billion yuan in 2021 and is expected to reach 53.219 billion yuan in 2024.
Over the past three years, the Chinese market has grown at a combined rate of 6.9 per cent; the Chinese market is a large power semiconductor consumer, and market size has continued to grow. In 2021, China's power semiconductor market was estimated to be about 15.7 billion yuan. In 2024, the market is expected to reach 19.522 billion yuan, and in the next three years it will be 7.53 per cent, or 36.68 per cent, of the global market.
Industry is growing, new energy cars, new energy chargers, industrial ingenuity are growing, and the long-term domestic power semiconductor market is expected to grow the fastest in terms of demand for new energy vehicles, storage, photovoltaics, and industrial controls. Different applications have different power, voltage and frequency, with different power devices selected by the industry, with mosfet using high roll rates and low losses.
Consumption features, mainly in electronic consumer areas such as mobile phones, pc, led, etc.. The igbt, because of its high-pressure resistance, is used mainly in the fields of intelligence, home power, new energy vehicles, and industrial control. In terms of industry development, the new energy vehicle-related industrial chain is the most development-oriented demand market downstream of the semiconductor, while low-carbon concepts, including photovoltaics, storage, etc., accelerate growth.
The semiconductor market is growing faster. Power devices are produced in large numbers, with different frequency and power levels applying different application scenarios. For igbt, a by-product of mosfet, the ability and power of igbt to handle high currents is well combined with bjt (bipolar triode)
The ease of use of mosfet is also able to block very high voltage compared to mosfet, and to pass high currents with very low wear and tear. As a result, the use of high voltage, high currents, and high frequency applications is better suited and is now widely used in the areas of orbital transport, smart power grids, white domestic power, industrial control, electric cars and new energy generation.
Power semiconductor competition is more concentrated and overseas firms are more dominant. In terms of the pattern of competition, foreign-power semiconductor firms have pre-empted the market share of multiple models, such as free market acquisition and integration, while overseas-idm manufacturers are power semiconductor leading firms. According to omdia, global powerware cr. 5 was about 44% in 2020, and British flyer markets were relatively high.
In 2020, in the area of omdia, in the area of igbt separation devices, the ratio was close to 30% in England, and the ratio was 54.2% in the two or three markets for Fuji and Mitsubishi.
In the area of ipm, the Mitsubishi power plant is the global flagship, accounting for 32.89 per cent of the global market share, and in the area of domestic markets, the U.K. is ranked 9th and 10th in the M.E., and in the area of the igbt module, the English flyer occupies 36.5 per cent of the global market share, while the domestic leader, Steam, is based on a new energy field with a market share of 2.8 per cent and is ranked sixth.
Domestic manufacturers are gradually increasing their power plant layouts, but the vast majority of the market share is still monopolized by overseas producers. (iii) New energy demand for medium- and low-voltage devices is rising, and emerging equipment operations are expected to benefit.
In the context of the global trend towards electric cars, major industrial countries around the world have begun to deploy the electric car industry chain, and despite the fact that the market for electric cars in 2021 saw a significant increase in the price of raw materials as a result of a “deficit core”, the market for new energy vehicles in the global market continued to grow by 108 per cent, with 6.81 million vehicles sold, and the domestic market grew by 157.6 per cent on the same basis, with 3.52 million vehicles not expected to be sold.
New energy vehicle sales to the global market in 2022 are expected to reach 10,69 million, a 57 per cent increase over the same year, and domestic market sales in 2022 are expected to reach 5.6 million, a 59 per cent increase over the same period, as double-carbon and subsidy policies move forward. Global new energy vehicle sales are expected to reach 26.25 million in 2025, and global cagr 34 per cent over the next four years.
The value of the motor power semiconductor increases with the trend towards electric motorization of cars. The application of power devices in cars has three main dimensions: drive systems, engine systems, and body size.
In the power supply system. According to strategyanalytics, the average semiconductor use of a conventional fuel vehicle is $338, compared to a power semiconductor of only 21 per cent, or $71. 76 per cent of the additional semiconductors in hybrid vehicles are power semiconductors, with vehicles increasing to $283, with a power semiconductor value of four times that of a conventional vehicle, compared to the power semiconductor value in a pure electric vehicle.
The development of a new energy car charger will be another important driver in the power semiconductor market. The charger is a complement to the new energy vehicle.
By 2030, with a rise in the penetration rate of new energy vehicles, the demand for new energy vehicles will be as high as 271 billion kilowatt-hours. In 2020, the number of power-filling pillars in Central and European countries was about 3 million, and is expected to grow to 40 million by 2030, at a compound rate of about 30% per year.
The average cost of the charger is now about $3,200, the power semiconductor is about 20%, and we expect more than $20 billion in semiconductor increment space over the next 10 years. With the efficient charger, the demand for the power charger has increased.
Rate increases, with the value of power devices in the single dc/dc recharge system on the rise. The 20kw recharge system requires a base value of about $40, the 150kw need a base value of about $300, while the 350kw charge-post power device changes to sic, with a value of about $3,500. As the retention and use of electric vehicles expands, the high capacity of the plugs will increase.
A large roll-out will lead to an increase in the need to effectively charge the igbt. The amount of light voltage will increase and the demand for the inverter will burst. The inverter is the core of the photovoltaic system, and the photovolt reverse transformer is predominantly an input filter, dc/dcmppt circuit, etc.
dc/ac inverters, output filter circuits, and core control unit circuits. The PV inverters can convert the PV (pv) to a PV (ac) transformer from the PV panel, whose stability and safety can directly affect the operation and efficiency of the PV system.
The domestic market is home to one-third of the world’s photovoltaic installed machines, and the cost of power modules and stand-alone devices is about 9% of the total cost of power devices. According to China’s Photovoltaic Industry Association, in 2025, the country’s new photovoltaic market will be between 90 and 110gw.
0.2/w down to 0.15/w in 2025, and according to Irsrearch data, the power module in the photovoltaic reverse transformer is about 9% of the cost, with the unit cost of the power device in the photovoltaic reverse transformer expected to be about $13.5 million in 2025. (iv) Expansion to respond to demand growth, with the layout asic precipitously prepared
The company is now working with new energy vehicles like East Wind, One Gas, Broad Gas, Chang-An, and with power-driven companies, including Hitchuan, Hing-Chu energy, etc. In October 2018, eight companies, such as the company ' s joint Cheong-Suan, the southern power grid, and the Hunan Xian Xing, set up a core half-conductor in the Hunan region.
In June 2019, the company and East Wind formed a joint venture to create an intelligent new semiconductor, with the company mainly engaged in research and development of new energy vehicles, with a total planned capacity of 1.2 million units per year.
Car: In December 2021, the company co-financed a Blue and Blue Semiconductor, under the banner of the Guangsat Group, with 49 per cent of the time electrical holdings. The company was mainly involved in the development and industrialization of new-energy vehicles with an autonomous igbt, with a two-phase investment, one phase planning the igbt module capacity of 300,000/year, with 2023 planned for production; and two phases planning the igbt module production capacity of 300,000/year.
The company's igbt product is imported into new cars through a three- and one-size-fits-all power-driven system. Currently, the new energy vehicle has autonomous control over the assembly of core power-driven equipment, and the company is now working very closely with a number of cars through joint ventures.
In 2021, the company delivered 85,000 new power-driven systems, and in the first half of 2022, the total number of new energy-driven systems delivered reached 63,000, ranking among the top six industries. According to ne, the trend towards home-made power-driven systems in domestic automobiles is becoming more apparent, with the third-party power-drivers in the top 10 places.
According to data on system loading in September, the number of electrical appliances reached 1.9 million, an increase of 292% over the same period, and the share of cities reached 3.20%. Expanding new areas of energy equipment, such as photovoltaic reverse transformers, wind currents, into the framework of large-scale procurement projects.
Electrical was certified in the 125mw centralized in 2021, with a small shipment of 225kw set of inverters. Meanwhile, in the second half of 2021, the company continued to be surrounded by a number of large national PV procurement frameworks.
First, on June 20th and August 20th of this year, the world ranked first in terms of the number of medals in electrical reverse transformers of the time, with a combined winning capacity of over 5,000mw. New energy reverse orders continue to break through multiple clients, and companies are expected to become more important players in the field of light.
On September 22, 2022, the Time Electricals announced the extension plan, with a total investment of 11.12 billion yuan and an investment of approximately $5.83 billion and $5.29 billion, respectively, in the Yingko project and the Shizuko project, with the products of Yingko project, mainly in the area of new energy vehicles, for a construction period of 24 months.
The construction period is expected to be 24 months. After the project is completed, the production capacity for the production of 360,000 8 inches of low- and medium-pressure components per year will be 360,000 units per year.
At the same time, the company owns the country's first 8 inch igbt chip production line, with an annual production of 120,000 igbt chips, with an accompanying production of 1 million igbt modules.
This further reduces the risk of volatility in igbt operations, which companies expect to contribute about 25% of the additional igbt capacity in the current year. In response to the profit and process control problems of power devices, the mid-car age semiconductor has provided solutions for sic and igbt.
In the future, as the cost of sic, gan products drops, the advantage of value for money becomes apparent, and there will be more applications. In particular, new energy cars are growing rapidly, and sic is developing opportunities.
The company completed its first 6-inch chip production line in the country in 2018, and the company has produced a volume product with autonomous intellectual property rights for the sicsbd, sicmosfet and sic modules, covering a voltage of 650v--
The carbonated silicon diodes have now been delivered in small quantities, the carbonated silimos module has been launched, and we expect that the carbonated silicon mos module will be the focus of corporate research and development in the future. In April 2021, the Central Motors Group released the c-car platform, whose core power device is an autonomous national sic power-driven product. In April 2022, the company proposed to invest $462 million in the construction of the sic chip production line.
(i) Profit forecasting and basic assumptions 1. Orbital transport equipment operations
The company, which is a core company in the middle-car fleet, has been affected by the epidemic for the last two years, and the lengthening of the pipeline-related business cycle has led to a decline in revenue profits. But with the renewed focus on the market ' s domestic rail market in the second half of the 14th century, there is still room for future growth in the high-speed, urban-track development, and it is expected that the demand for the engine, moving-car market will be re-established, with new urban-track and high-iron planning lines to be built.
In the future, the high iron market will be undergoing a phase 5 overhaul, and the replacement and replacement of the relevant parts is expected to provide high growth potential in the new and emerging areas of public equipment, mainly in power appliances, new energy power generators and industrial transformers. In the field of power semiconductors, the company ' s igbt module will gradually increase its penetration at new energy plants in the country and enter the supply chain of many cars.
At a time when the company ' s igbt production capacity was gradually released and the number of products applied to new energy vehicles, photovoltaic converters, wind transformers continued to rise, we expect the company ' s semiconductor operations to generate revenues of $19.41, 31.27, 5092 million in 22-24, at a rate of 81.8 per cent, 61.1 per cent, and 62.9 per cent; in the area of power-drivers for new energy vehicles, the company maintained its cooperation with a number of factories to gradually upgrade the company ' s power-drivers.
In 2021, the company became the top 10 firms in the country's power-driven city, and we expect the motor-driven business company to continue to win the photovoltaic reverse changer order in January-August 22, ranking among the top domestic firms in the ranking of installed capacity. The electrical business of the era consists of transhipment and new equipment, respectively. In the new equipment business, the company is semi-guided.
There is a rapid trend in the company, the new energy vehicle power system and the industrial transformer business, as we value the company using a step-by-step approach, with a market surplus assumption: 1) turn-over equipment operations: reference to comparable companies China, China Chase, Sinkkawa technology, micro-half-conduct to comparable companies, with an average sales rate of 17.09x/11.38x, 3) New energy vehicle power drive options in 22/23, respectively
The average market sales rate for 22/23 years is 2.67 x 1.61 x,4 respectively) for industrial transformers The average market sales rate for 22/23 years is 9.29 per cent x 5.38 per cent, respectively, for solid Dewey and Jump Technologies.
Millions of dollars, combined with the ability of the company to integrate, using its own power devices and high-quality downstream customers, to achieve a higher level of profitability, so that the company's premium in the power-drive area is much higher than the average market level.
The Division is expected to have improved domestic demand for the tradable market, which is expected to offer a “stable growth” policy to boost the demand for locomotives and high-iron collars; in the long run, the domestic high-iron market is expected to usher in a phase 5 overhaul in the future, and the replacement and replacement of related spare parts is expected to bring company-related operations to a higher level.
Companies have benefited from new energy industry development opportunities, their continued presence in low- and medium-pressure markets, thanks to the long-term technological advantage of the on-orbit market, and from the continued market shortage of igbt power devices, the continuous validation of company products into the domestic supply chain of multiple car companies, while companies, as Idm Model Power Devices, have become more time-bound for performance assurance and technological innovation.
At the same time, companies have accumulated over a long period of time in the field of power-driven semiconductors, expanding into the area of new energy vehicles, power-driven systems and industrial transformers, and expanding their borders, with companies expected to maintain high performance growth as the new energy industry chain continues to prosper. We expect companies to earn $18.306 billion, $22.488 billion, $27.910 billion in 22-24.
The supply and demand structure of the power semiconductor industry has changed; the uncertain impact of demand in the rail industry; the underdevelopment of new products by companies; and supply chain uncertainty due to the epidemic.
In 2022, he joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute as head of an electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation research. Prince Road, Master of Finance and Investment, University of Bristol, United Kingdom; Bachelor of Economics, University of Shandong; two years of experience in science and technology industry research; and in 2020, he joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute, China, to conduct research in the electronics sector.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.