• Business Development Review: Companies perform better in credit, self-employment, companies
The growth in the self-employment of companies has been greater than in the industry as a whole. We have measured that the self-employment of companies has increased from around 37 billion to around 55 billion, thereby contributing to the net return on corporate investment. Moreover, the lower debt ratios and the lower cost of debt have led to the company’s credit performance.
While companies perform better in terms of revenue than the industry as a whole, the net profit performance of companies is almost equal to that of the industry as a result of the rising management costs associated with the expansion of their workforce. Companies’ outlets expanded significantly last year, and are expected to release their performance gradually in the future.
In 2016, companies were allowed to set up 93 businesses, and companies actually built 83 of them and now have 173 networks, thereby increasing the breadth and depth of the company ' s business network as it moves forward.
In addition, in order to operate the network, the company took up a certain number of employees, with a total of 4,484 employees in 2015 and 5635 by the end of 2016, an increase in the same proportion, which, according to our calculations, has kept the market share of the company increasing slightly.
In 2016, companies managed 31.04% on a proactive basis. The medium- and long-term returns on corporate equity product performance remained relatively favourable, solidified operations and asset securitization were steadily developing.
The ipo reserves are rich, allowing short-term release of performance. At present, the number of companies in line is 59, ranking industry 9, the fast pace of issuance of the ipo will help companies release their performance.
Investment strategy: The company currently perfects its business network through the accelerated expansion of its business points, and is expected to release its performance gradually in the future. The company has a long-standing commitment to human resources investment, focusing on creating a 300-percent depth index for the “market index” of this rating system. In risk preferences, products that do not refer to a specific range of recommended and rated products are based on products.
The underlying risk rating is given in the markets studied, i.e. in the case of certificates of title and derivatives markets, where the underlying risk rating is a high risk; in the case of equity, equity-based fund markets, where the underlying risk rating is a general risk; and in the case of markets such as bonds, bond-based funds, monetary funds and macroeconomic policies, where the underlying risk rating is a low risk.
This report is presented independently and objectively and to the extent that you know it. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.