According to the 2016 report published on the 10th day of Employing Securities, the company earned business income last year.
A total profit of 2,908 million yuan was realized, a decrease of 34.24 per cent over the same period. On the basis of the shares on the company's gross dividends registration date, less the equity share after the company's repurchase of the shares, it is proposed that a cash dividend of $1.5 (including taxes) be distributed to all 10 shareholders.
The decrease is less than the industry average, and the net profit is slightly less than the industry average. This is mainly due to the advance payment of projected liabilities in 2016 for Xintai Electric Fraud, which led to firm 1, with a more robust business structure.
The main operations carried out by the company are organized into five main sections: wealth management, institutional, enterprise finance, asset management and investment operations.
In terms of income composition, securities and futures brokerage, self-employment, investment banking, asset management and overseas operations account for 37.00 per cent, 11.76 per cent, respectively.
Open Source Securities, Inc. 2, Investing, overseas business growth is expected to grow steadily.
As a result of the significant growth in bond operations and external operations, the size and income of the bond management business were high, the equity business was investigated by the CVM for fraudulent issuance of the Qintai electrical project, and the equity business was suspended.
During the reporting period, the internationalization of the group was underpinned by the success of Hong Kong ' s Hong Kong Federation (Hong Kong) in achieving a major strategic breakthrough in 2016.
The number of corporate clients and assets has continued to grow at a rapid pace, with a marked increase in the size of the business, with the smallest income share, but the largest income growth (64.04 per cent) becoming an important direction for corporate business development.
While self-employed operations are subject to continuous market adjustment and have the least revenue contribution, they maintain a value-based investment strategy that ensures a robust operation. On the 10th day of the round-up, the equity rate of the booming securities was only 1.95 per cent, and they were absorbed by investors.
This year’s major risks to the securities industry may come from three sources: first, the risk of continuous market adjustment: and second, the failure to raise investment and overseas operations as expected. With the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, I have been able to produce this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, direct or indirect disclosure of company-related information as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
(a) In the six-month period following the reporting date, the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index was defined as follows:
Underweight: Industry is weaker than overall market performance.