The final round of the final round, held on 12th of April, 2022, kept the harvest up and the profits up again. The net interest income grew faster, depending on the rate of increase.
\triangleright is robust, with a significant increase of 18.9 pct in the net fee income ratio, mainly due to growth in agent income. Mother-to-manufacturing net profit ratio +0.2 pct, maintaining the upward trend on a quarterly basis, with a high performance profile.
The net profit growth rate is split, with expansion, net interest differentials and provision being the core driving force, with anti-breathing profits provided, retail transitions advanced, and wealth management was highly effective. By the end of 2021, the balance of company retail deposits was yoy + 17.8%, leading the total liability of 5.5 pct, providing solid support for the high expansion of the company; retail aum
\triangleright and major increase in loans contributing to public manufacturing loans; at the end of the debt, the share of deposits is rising, 2021. Jiangsu Bank: high growth, steady quality, regional advantage highlighted
The same ratio +1.6 pct, which optimizes the benefits and is accompanied by wealth management development, and low-cost liabilities are expected to sink. The net difference is expected to remain stable at both ends.
\triangleright drops 23bp, Quarterly Rings-3bp, and asset quality is on the rise, and the leading indicators indicate that asset quality is expected to extend to the best, leaving room for further counter-bullying profit.
\triangleright is a boost. If you make a transfer, it will further expand the enabling company and fully enjoy the high growth in position advantage. Investment proposals: high performance, low interest margins, high turnover.
Performance remained high, the transformation of wealth management was effective, the spread of net gains was stable and asset quality was maintained, \triangleright Figure 1: Jiangsu Bank ' s performance increased at the same rate as in 2021
Figure 4: Jiangsu Bank ' s net profit as at 2021 was dismantled at a higher rate than in the previous year, Figure 5: Jiangsu Bank ' s performance as at 2021 was increased at a higher rate than in the previous year (one season) Figure 6: Jiangsu Bank split at two ends of the net interest difference as at 2021
Figure 7: Jiangsu Bank loan, average balance of interest-bearing assets as at 2021
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.