The Sini Shan Bank (600919.sh) has a high profit and low valuation and bad interest in double drops.
Profit growth was the highest and increased profitability. Business income increased by 22.58% over the year, credit surplus increased by an improved net interest margin, net interest income grew by 22.96%; agent, trustee, bank card income increased by 39.83% and commission net revenue increased by 39.83%; and provision was made for a reduced provision.
The Jiangsu region has a well-developed economy and a strong regional competitiveness of firms. 1) Increased lending volume: companies focus on advanced circulationa shares/total equity (billions): priority areas such as manufacturing, infrastructure, green and green industries, 7261 public loan balances in 2021
Market value of liquiditya (billions): 27.8 billion yuan in infrastructure loans, an increase of 16 per cent over the previous year; micro-services, business start-up loans, a basic per share gain (in dollars):
First place in Jiangsu province. 2) Interest differentials rebounded: regional market credit needs were more abundant, while the share of income per share of the spread was higher: retail loans increased, debt costs were contained through the expansion of low-cost deposits, and commercial banks expanded
Trading banks and financial market operations have kept the city's comptoirs in the lead. The number of clients and the volume of transactions with the banks have increased by 84% and 60%, international settlements have increased by $193.1 billion, or 24.42%, compared to the previous year.
The financial debt of the financial markets continues to be held first in the city, holding assets of 3.47 trillion, an increase of 14 per cent, and the equity investment fund continues to be held first in the city.
\triangleright loan speeds up. Retail aum breaks by 1 trillion a quarter. Wealth clients and private clients finance gold.
In Beijing, China, 28 San Lissi Street in Beijing, the balance of production is over $240 billion, the size of assets and the number of clients are growing by 26%, and the non-monetary public centre is on the 7th floor.
The size of the fund is 150% higher than at the end of the year.
Concerned about the decline in the proportion of overdue loans. Non-performing loan rate of 1.08 per cent, down 0.24 percentage points. Concerned about the strong regional economy in and around the company Etojiangsu, coupled with greater regional competitiveness and trade \triangleright
The transformation of banks, financial markets and retailing has progressed steadily, maintaining high profitability and growth. Large declines are expected in public and macroeconomics; high risk events for companies; and repeated local epidemics.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.