Incidents: Night of 28 April: Jiangsu Bank released 2022 - Quarterly: 17.30 billion yuan: yoy+11 per cent; net profit to mother: $6.58 billion, yoy+26 per cent; bad rate: 1.02 per cent, coverage of the provision: 330 per cent; roe maintained a robust rate of growth and higher profits. As of 22q1, the yield ratio was 11.5 pt;
\triangleright \triangleright is influenced by a high 21q1 base, and the parent net profit ratio is equal to the growth speed ring ratio of 4.7 ptt. According to the split, the net interest income is mostly affected by a slowdown in scale expansion.
The net profit contribution factor shows a small decline in the positive contribution of scale expansion, with total assets increasing 10.4% compared to the previous rate of 10.4% versus 1.6pt; provision for counter-feeding profit remains strong; and 21q1 has a low base-level effect.
The tax drag has been significantly reduced under the remaining gold. A single-season net difference has been recovered with capital and negative co-opts. 22q1, single-season net difference
Jiangsu Bank (600919.sh) 2021 explained in detail that Zhang has returned to credit with a loan balance rising at the same speed ahead of total asset 5 pct, in which public loans are the core-driven high point of performance and a “final circle” of final debt.
2. Jiangsu Bank: High Growth, Steady Quality, District Strengths are highlighted.
The incremental contribution of public and personal deposits is balanced. An improved structure at both ends of the assets and liabilities is expected to contribute to a sustained improvement in the quality of the net interest differentials The provision coverage continues up. As of 22 q1, the non-performing loan rate ring ratio - \triangleright
6bp For the best level since listing, the interest rate and delay ratio have fallen by 1bp, 4bp, and asset quality has been recommended: a steady recovery in net interest differentials, sustained optimization in asset quality
Negative growth has been a drag on scale expansion and is expected to improve marginally and improve performance throughout the year; and asset quality has continued to improve, \triangleright Figure 1: Jiangsu Bank ' s performance as of 22q1 increased at the same rate (cumulative)
Figure 2: Increase in net interest, net fee income from Jiangsu Bank, Figure 3: Increase in other non-interest income from Jiangsu Bank up to 22q1 over time Figure 4: Increase in performance of Jiangsu Bank up to 22q1 up to same rate (single season)
Figure 5: Jiangsu Bank ' s net profit as at 22q1 was dismantled at a higher rate than in the previous year Figure 6: Jiangsu Bank ' s calculated net interest difference by 22q1 split at two ends (one quarter) Figure 9: Jiangsu Bank ' s non-performing loan rate as at 22q1
A summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements, a methodological and analytical logic that leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.