Summary of data: Jiangsu Bank ' s net profit of 19.7 billion yuan in 2021 increased by 30.7 per cent, operating income increased by 22.6 per cent, cost income by 22.44 per cent. Total assets grew by 12.0 per cent at the beginning of the year, and loans increased by 12.0 per cent at the end of the year.
Performance continues to lead, credit growth is strong, companies perform well, and speed up to market banks. Regional economic advantages and corporate retailing and wealth strategies have led to growth, and credit growth has been strong, while generating higher fees and fees.
Quantified improvements continue to make a positive contribution to performance. The company continues to look well in our core recommended portfolio.
This led to an increase of 0.69 percentage points to 12.6 per cent in the year-on-year rise in net revenue from fees in 2021, a rapid increase of 39.8 per cent, benefiting from the rapid growth of agency operations, the company's “large retail business, strong growth in Bank Jiangsu lending, and an increase of 2.2 percentage points in the share of interest-bearing assets from the beginning of the year”.
To 61%. Retail lending as a share of loans increased by 1 percentage point to 40% from the beginning of the year; personal consumption/business loans as a share of retail loans increased by 51.5% from the beginning of the year to about 4 percentage points. Due to the rapid expansion of corporate operations, the capital adequacy rate at the core level at the end of the year was 8.78% and is in a listed bank
In 2019, the company released $20 billion in debt transfer, focusing on the process of conversion to equity. Jiangsu Bank: Best Performance Growth Industry, 20211031
The downside of the economy leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected; regulatory controls are more than expected.
Bank: The municipal comptoir ii Jiangsu Bank achieved a net profit of $19.7 billion in 2021, an increase of 30.7 per cent in the same year, of which net interest income increased by 23.0 per cent in the same year, fees and charges increased by 39.8 per cent in the same year and operating income increased by 22.6 per cent in the same year; cost revenue increased by 22.44 per cent, a decrease of 1.02 percentage points in the same year.
Jiangsu Bank ' s performance in 2021 remained at the leading position of listed banks, with annual net profits increasing by 30.7 per cent over the year, a small increase in the previous three quarters (+30.5 per cent, yoy), leading to an increase of 0.69 percentage points to 12.6 per cent over the year. The company ' s net interest income increased by 22.6 per cent over the year.
In 2021, a rapid increase of 39.8% in net revenue from fees was achieved, benefiting from rapid growth in the agent business, with related fees rising by 40% over the same period, and financial management in the agent business contributing by more than half. The company built around the strategy of “Big Retail Business, Focusing on Wealth Management” and retail sales increased by 22.6% year-on-year in 2021, despite a smaller rate of increase than in the previous three quarters (+24.7%, yoy)
The deceleration has slowed, but the absolute level has remained excellent, with an improvement in the ratio of cost to income, which has led to a 24.6% rise in profits throughout the year before the provision. In terms of impairment losses, the size of the withdrawal has decreased by 0.5% on a year-on-year basis, with loan losses declining by 1.8% per year and non-lending losses increasing by 2.3%, and we believe that the improvement in the quality of corporate credit assets has reduced the pressure on the provision, prompting the provision to become a positive contribution factor to the profit.
Credit growth was strong, with attention paid to capital replenishment At the end of the estate, the Bank of Jiangsu loan was 16.5 per cent higher than the previous year, faster than the total asset (12.0 per cent), and the share of loans in interest-bearing assets was 2.2 percentage points to 61 per cent higher than at the beginning of the year.
In the lending structure, personal consumption/operational loans account for 51.5 per cent, an increase of about 4 percentage points from the beginning of the year. In the public lending structure, companies invest more in manufacturing and infrastructure-related areas. In the new public credit structure in 2021, in the context of manufacturing, leasing and commerce, water, economic excellence in the region and high demand, it is expected that the growth of the company will continue, in addition to the capital retained as a result of their own profits.
External capital. The company released $20 billion in 2019 to focus on the conversion process. At the end of the debt, total corporate deposits increased by 11.2% over the year.
In 2021, Jiangsu Bank increased its interest differential (under a reduced calibre) by 14bp to 2.28% from the same year, largely benefiting from an improvement in the cost of the end of the liability. Of this, the end-of-the-life cost rate was 10bp to 2.53% below the end-of-the-year rate, a decrease greater than the end-of-the-asset rate (8bp).
The reasons for the improvement in the cost of the end of the liability are: (1) enhanced cost management of deposits to reduce the share of structural deposits; (2) accurate control of market bands to effectively reduce the cost of corporate liabilities. But we are also concerned that the share of current deposits in the deposit structure decreased by 1.4 percentage points from the beginning of the comparison to the end of the asset, and we believe that the main reasons for the lower rate of return are: (1) the corporate economy; and (2) the asset rate of return in a broad liquidity environment.
At the end of 2021, the negative rate was expected to be significantly better than in the industry, compared with 24bp to 1.08 per cent at the beginning of the year, and at the end of the third quarter, the ring was 4bp. In the light of the adverse generation measurement, the rate at the end of the year was 0.74 per cent.
In the face of a slowdown in corporate production and an acceleration in stock disposal, the company’s provision coverage has continued to rise, raising the end-of-year ring by 12 percentage points to 308% over the third quarter, increasing risk resilience. Downside the economy has led to a higher than expected deterioration in asset quality.
Economic development affects the operation of the real economy as well as the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the quality of the assets of the banking sector. If the economy falls short of expectations, there is a risk that the quality of the bank’s assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the bank’s profitability.
The real economy, if financial regulation is expected to affect the performance of the bank ' s profits, either by making a profit policy supermarket or by affecting the performance of the bank.