Quarterly summary: Jiangsu Bank realized net profits of $6,584 million, an increase of 26 per cent from the previous year. Of this, net interest income increased by 13.6 per cent from the same year, net fees increased by 9.8 per cent from the same year, and operating income increased by the same year.
Performance continued to lead with strong credit growth 8.41 per cent capital adequacy at the core level. 1 quarter of Jiangsu Bank ' s performance continued to grow at a rapid pace, with performance contributions largely derived from improvements in asset quality
The first quarter will be marked by a steady improvement in the quality of assets, a significant increase in risk-control capabilities, and an improvement in net interest differentials and savings performance. Corporate lending, which is temporarily affected by the epidemic, is still growing faster as one of the leading national comptoirs in the city.
Focusing on the impact and repair of the follow-up epidemic. One quarter of a month of low corporate capital, with continued demand for capital buffers, increased profitability, a slight drop in capital, and attention to the process of conversion to equity.
Weighted risk assets grew by 16.2 per cent compared to the previous year, with buffer capital requirements and attention to the corporate conversion process.  The quality of assets continued to improve and the provision coverage increased. Jiangsu Bank maintained a trend of improving asset quality, with a negative rate of between 5bp and 1.03 per cent compared to the previous year, with a focus group
Loans account for 1.34%, which is the same as at the end of the previous year.
Jiangsu Bank: Continuous Performance Lead, Strong Credit Growth, pb 0.66x/0.60x times a year, maintaining an increased rating. Jiangsu Bank: Best Practices in Performance Growth Industry 20211031
The downside of the economy has led to a deterioration in asset quality; regulatory controls have exceeded expectations.
Bank: City Business ii Quarterly Summary: Jiangsu Bank realized a net profit of $6,584 million, 26 per cent higher than the previous year, with interest net revenue increasing by 13.6 per cent, fees net revenue increasing by 9.8 per cent and operating income increasing by 11.0 per cent. Total assets grew by 5.6 per cent at the end of the year compared to the beginning of the year, and loans by a larger amount.
Growth of 4.7% at the beginning of the year, with a 10.3% increase in total deposits, negative end-year rates of 1.03%, provision coverage rate of 330%, loan allocation ratio of 3.39%, core I Bank Jiangsu sustained rapid growth in performance for the first quarter, leading to higher profitability. Performance contributions are mainly derived from improved asset quality, resulting in a contribution to the growth in the provision of supplementary feeding and scale.
Increases, net interest differentials or improvements in deposit performance. Corporate lending, or temporarily affected by the epidemic, is still growing faster as one of the largest national comptoirs in the city, and requires attention to the impact and repair of the follow-up epidemic. There is still a slight drop in capital, and there is still a buffer against capital demand, with attention to the conversion process. The overall performance of the statements, the quality of assets and the allocation of funds are positive, and the company is currently pb in 2022.
The net-interest differentials are positive compared to the positive ones, with a slight increase in the measurement ring. In the first quarter, companies did not disclose net-interest differentials and measured net-interest spreads up by 4bp over the previous quarter.
Net interest income grew by 13.6 per cent over the year, faster than average interest-bearing assets were measured by 12.2 per cent over the year, and faster than average total assets increased by 12.2 per cent over the year. Credits increased slightly, or were affected by the epidemic.
The growth rate of major retail loans declined by 6.2 percentage points from last year. The overall asset growth was also slightly slower, with interest-bearing assets growing by 12% over the year, 1.7 percentage points down from the previous year, peers declining from the previous year, and bond investment rising slightly. Compared to the previous year, deposits grew by 13.19% over the same year, and faster than the beginning of the year, the rate of increase in deposits rose significantly, with retail loans or affected by the epidemic. Total assets grew by 5.57% over the previous year, and interest-bearing assets grew by 5.57%.
In the context of improved asset quality, corporate coverage has continued to increase, ranging from 22 percentage points to 330 per cent in the previous year, with a negative rate compared with the previous year's decline of 5bp to 1.03 per cent, and the ratio of loans of interest to 1.34 per cent and to the same level as at the end of the previous year.
The risk defence capabilities of banks are all higher than the 3.39%, 7bp, relative non-performing loans, and total loans. In units: the downside of the rmb million economy, apart from a percentage, leads to a higher than expected deterioration in asset quality.
Economic development affects the operation of the real economy as well as the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the quality of the assets of the banking sector. If the economy falls short of expectations, there is a risk that the quality of the bank’s assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the bank’s profitability.
The real economy, if financial regulation is expected to affect the performance of the bank ' s profits, either by making a profit policy supermarket or by affecting the performance of the bank.