A hundred-year-old beer is very deep, with a new dynamic of structural upgrading, and for the first time, Qingdao beer (60060000) covers more than 100 miles of the Qingdao beer industry, gradually growing from a local liquor company to a national beer tap.
The beer industry is currently in a state of stock development, with a clear upward trend in overall industry parity, a steady rise in industry concentration, and a high-end trend in the future. The recent elimination of the Australian “double-reverse” policy has led to a fall in the price of packaged materials, a reduction in the pressure on beer businesses, and a sustained recovery in the consumer market.
The company has two brands: Qingdao and Qingshan, super-high-end/high-end share market value (billion yuan) / middle-end/low-end product coverage, product structure upgrading, and continuous public revenue generation for the company.
As a beer leader, companies respond to industry trends, high-end processes are accelerating, and there is room for future growth.
The beer industry is stable and high-end is a trend for the future. After a century of growth in the beer industry, the overall output began to decline slowly in 2013, from “up” to “up” to “up.” The switch is clear.
The Qingqing 5 tap pattern has remained stable, with Cr 5 rising to 92.9 per cent in 2021. The beer tap, based on its long-accumulated brand, product, size, channel, technology, has gradually squeezed the space for the survival of small and medium-sized alcoholics, small and medium-sized alcohol producers or will be able to clear up further, and the beer industry is expected to concentrate.
In the context of stock competition, the consumption of high-end beer continues to grow steadily, and the trend towards high-end industry is clear. Currently, domestic beer companies are moving up the road with a ton price, but more foreign firms still have room for growth, and the ton price rises are an important driver of industry development, and the industry as a whole is growing.
The company was founded in 1903 as China's oldest beer-producing company, with a combination of two brands: Qingdao's beer master and Xiaoshan's beer second brand. It has a layout in the areas of super-high end/high end/medium end/low end beer, and it's in the industry.
The company’s equity structure is stable and clear, with real control over the ownership of 32.51% of public companies. In recent years, corporate revenue and profits have been growing steadily overall, leading the beer industry and leading by structural upgrading. 1 brand & product: the company insists on “1.”
The main brand is Qingdao.
Lee is setting up a public market. In keeping with high-end trends, the company continues to upgrade its product structure. In recent years, it has continued to do so in high-end/super-high-end areas.
A beer industry price ceiling has been set up. 2 Marketing: the company upgraded its brand promotion model to immersion, brand experience model, which is based on “Sport Marketing + Music + Experience Marketing”, using a variety of ways, including bars, beer festivals, flash shops, etc., to provide consumers with a full-scale immersion experience.
Channel 3: Corporate line-up, full-channel layout, leading the "Official Flagship + Official City + Online Retailer + Distributive Monopoly" stereo-e-commerce channel, continuing to promote 020, b2b, community group purchasing, etc., highlighting channel resilience.
Strategies: The company adopts a market strategy that is “one-way and one-size-fits-all” and speeds up the yellow, revives the coast, liberates the river along the river, occupies more than 70 per cent of the cities in the Shandong region, opening up new markets along the coast and the river along the Yellow Zone while consolidating its central market position and increasing its market share.
The replacement of backward production capacity by smart factories has improved the distribution of production capacity and improved the overall productivity efficiency of the company, with efficiency gains from 81.36 per cent to 84.97 per cent of single-plant sales in 2018-2022.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: Benefiting from the recovery of current consumption, market demand for better and higher-level industry processes, the beer industry will have greater scope for development in the future. Companies, as home-grown beer leaders, brand value ranks first in the beer industry, in brands/products/marketing/channels/strategy, etc.
In recent years, firms have accelerated their deployment in high-end/super-high-end markets, and future high-end and structural upgrades have led to wide space for higher average prices and long-term business development. Risk factors: the risk of price fluctuations in raw materials and package prices, increased risks from competition in the industry, food security
Risks, economic recovery and expected risks 1 beer industry is in stock development period and industry concentration continues to rise 1.1 beer base classification
Beer is an alcoholic drink made of wheat sprouts and barley sprouts, with beer flowers, which are the oldest alcoholic beverages in humans, but also water and enzyme, with low alcohol levels of carbon dioxide, various amino acids, vitamins, low molecular sugars, inorganic salt and all kinds of enzymes.
After years of development, beer has evolved into a different group of products, with changes in consumer demand and advances in the production process. Depending on the production process, it can be divided into pure beer, dry beer, full malt beer, wheat beer, head barley beer, non-drink beer, ice beer, fruit.
Beverage beer, fruit and vegetables beer, fruit and vegetables beer, fermented beer above and fermented beer below; may be divided into top fermented beer and bottom fermented beer according to yeast; may be divided into light beer, thick beer and black beer according to colour; may be classified into fresh beer and ripe beer according to germicidal conditions; may be divided into raw wheat concentration.
For low- and medium- and high-level beer.1.2 China ' s beer industry has a long history and is currently in stock development.
At present, our beer market is entering a phase of stock competition, high-end games are becoming more intense, and industry concentration is increasing. The budding period (1900-1978): raw materials, technology, and progress towards national production.
After the creation of the new China, rapid industrial growth led the beer industry to a new phase, moving from mere external dependence to a gradual introduction of co-operation and technology, leading to the nationalization of beer-making techniques and the removal of raw materials from dependence.
Modern beer industry rises (1979-1993): market-based competition has intensified. With the implementation of the policy of reform and liberalization, China’s beer industry has begun to grow rapidly.
Since the beer industry is naturally geographically and expansive, the liquor industry is buying and buying other beer producers to expand the market rate, the Chinese Group, the Chinese Group, the Chinese Ministry of Agriculture, and the United States of America.
Qingjia beer, Bwai Asia Pacific, Yanjing beer, Gasper, and the merger of small beer factories, the country's beer industry has entered a period of accelerated integration, where industry concentration has increased and oligarchic patterns have developed. In 2002, for the first time, China's beer production surpassed the United States as the largest beer in the world.
Market, after a period of rapid growth and industrial integration in 2013, Chinese beer production and per capita consumption are shown in the stock development period (2014-present): industry concentration has continued to rise. Chinese beer production peaked in 2013, \triangleright
Since 2014, we have entered an era of stock competition, with total production declining, and the beer industry entering the maturity stage. In recent years, beer businesses have further optimized their production capacity and product structure, domestic high-end beer has been growing, and industry concentration has continued to rise.
The diversification of beer varieties has become a new and inevitable trend, and the driving force of growth in the industry has been shifted from a flat price to a historical development of the beer industry in China.
At the beginning of the twentieth century, the beer industry in China was slow to develop, the beer market was largely monopolized by foreign firms, and the brewing technology was largely dominated by Western firms.
With the implementation of the policy of reform and opening up, China’s beer industry has begun to grow rapidly, and, as a result of this policy, the number of our beer businesses has risen.
The volume is increasing, starting to move toward mega-, grouping, and mass-based production, and increasing competition in the market. (1979-1993) In 1993, China’s beer production outpaced Germany’s steady second-largest position in the world, after the United States.
After the M&As, the size of the market peaked in Huayun Group, Qingdao Beer, Bwai Asia Pacific, Yinking Beer, and Kasper's M&As, small beer factories are being annexed to large beer factories, our beer industry is entering a period of accelerated integration, and the oligarchic patterns of the industry are emerging.
(1994-2013) In 2002, for the first time, Chinese beer production exceeded the United States as the world ' s largest beer market, with Chinese beer production and per capita consumption peaked in 2013, after a period of rapid growth and industrial integration.
China ' s beer production peaked in 2013 and has entered the age of stock competition since 2014, with overall production starting to decline, and our beer industry entering maturity. (2014-present)
With the country’s rising consumption trend, the high end of beer products, and the diversification of beer varieties as new and inevitable trends, the country’s high end beer has continued to grow in recent years, and industry concentration has continued to rise. 1.3 The beer industry chain has grown more mature and clearly divided.
According to the layout of the beer industry chain, the raw materials in the beer industry chain are mainly wheat, wheat, beer flowers and food additives, packaging materials, etc., necessary for brewing beer; beer manufacturers are in the industry chain and produce different types of beer through different processes, raw materials, including dry beer, fresh beers, ripe beers, whole wheat beer, black beers, white beers, etc.
And pure beer, etc.; the industrial chain is a consumer market, and through different distribution channels, distributors, distributors, electricity suppliers, etc., reach consumers.
Prices of upstream raw materials have fallen and cost pressures are expected to ease. Packaging materials account for nearly half of beer production costs. Packagings/raw materials/other materials account for 49 per cent/27 per 24 per cent of production costs, respectively, and packaging materials are the most important production costs of beer.
The bulk of the packaging required comes from domestic procurement, and the cost changes are mainly influenced by domestic prices such as glass bottles, cans, and tiles. Beer companies are less able to negotiate upwards, are more sensitive to price fluctuations in major materials, and frequent price fluctuations in packaging materials put cost pressures on beer businesses.
Figure 4: The cost of beer production consists of a steady fall in the price of boxes and a reduction in the pressure on beer businesses since this year. In the case of packages, beer companies usually target costs in quarterly or semi-annual rolls with upstream firms.
The price of glass has shown a slight upward trend, but with the increase in our beer canning rate, the use of glass will gradually decrease; the price of the cans and aluminium will remain stable.
Our wheat imports were 5 million tons, 8.86 million tons, 6.82 million tons, 5.93 million tons, 8.08 million tons, 1,248 million tons, 5.76 million tons, and 2022, respectively.
Smaller countries, such as France, Ukraine and other European countries, have experienced a significant reduction in production as a result of the effects of high temperatures and extreme weather, and in general we have a strong demand for barley imports. Chinese barley imports accounted for 30.5% of total global barley imports in 2022, the largest global barley imports.
Price volatility has had a significant impact on the cost control of beer businesses. Figure 9: Number of barley imports from China (tonnes) Figure 10: Share of global barley imports in major countries in 2022
Following the implementation of the Australasia “double reverse” policy in 2020, Australasia gradually faded out of the Chinese market. Until 2020, our barley imports were dominated by Australia, France, and Canada, and domestic demand for Australasia was strong, with Australia importing as much as 73.14% of Chinese barley in 2017. In 2018, we began to import Australians.
A double counter-investigation of imports was carried out, and on 18 May 2020 the Department of Commerce issued proclamations Nos. 14 and 15 of 2020, imposing an anti-dumping duty of 73.6 per cent and a countervailing duty of 6.9 per cent on imports of Australian-origin barley for a five-year period beginning on 19 May 2020.
In 2021, China imported 29.22%, 28.54% and 25.74% of barley from France, Canada, Ukraine, etc. The Australian “double counter” policy was eliminated and the cost of raw materials for beer businesses was expected to decrease.
The announcement of the decision on the review of anti-dumping and countervailing measures applicable to imports of barley originating in Australia shows that, in view of the changing circumstances in the Chinese barley market, the continued imposition of anti-dumping and countervailing duties on imports of barley originating in Australia is no longer necessary and that, as of 5 August 2023, the imposition of an anti-dumping and countervailing duty on imports of barley originating in Australia has been discontinued.
Anti-dumping and countervailing duties. Compared to historical barley import prices, Australian barley as a whole has lower prices than other countries, while Ukrainian barley is either war-affected or still high in the short term.
According to the material procurement model, Chinese beer companies typically signed an agreement at the end of the year to lock in the price of the next year's barley, so that the price volatility of barley during the year had a relatively small impact on the production costs of the beer industry, and the pressure on the cost of barley in 2023 was still clear. This end of the tax policy on Australian barley is expected to ease the 2024 beer industry.
Since 2023, the country's economy has recovered in an orderly fashion, and the consumer market has continued its trend of recovery. In January-August 2023, total sales of social consumer goods rose by 7.0 per cent over the previous year, at a significant rate compared with last year's, and consumer demand rose gradually, along the lines of the country's favourable policies. Of these, the income from meals increased by 19.4 per cent in January-August and 12.4 per cent in August.
The increase in the income from meals was better than the increase in retail sales of goods, mainly benefiting from the gradual recovery of the under-line consumption landscape. More intensive meetings took place recently among the parties, the National Development and Reform Commission, the State Department, and many initiatives helped restore confidence in the market. Overall, the policy effect continued to be released, consumption recovered in the country since 2023, and social zero data remained on the rise.
The recovery in the catering sector, which is closely linked to the consumption of beer, is clearly expected to benefit from it. 1.4 The concentration of the beer industry is increasing, with high-end trends in the future.
The trend towards concentration of the share to the head alcohol industry is becoming more evident in 2017, when the beer industry was only 75.6 per cent, up to 92.9 per cent in 2021, and the market share of the five major beer taps was more than 90 per cent, of which the market share was 31.0 per cent, 22.3 per cent, and 21.6 per cent, 10.2 per cent, 7.8 per cent, respectively.
In view of the stability of the beer industry, which is expected to increase further in its concentration, with its long-standing accumulation of brands, products, sizes, channels, technology, etc., which gradually crush the survival space of the small and medium-sized liquor industry, which may be able to produce more or will be cleared up.
By 2013, the beer industry had grown steadily, and our beer production had grown steadily. Since 1978, when the reform of the open-door policy was implemented, China’s beer industry has begun to grow rapidly.
After the year’s rapid expansion period, domestic beer production peaked at 5061.54 million litres in 2013 and continued to fall, and consumption declined year after year’s peak around 2013. After 2013, the beer industry entered stock development, from “up” to “up” to “up” trajectories, and overall production began to decline slowly.
After entering the structural upgrading phase, in 2022, we produced 35687,000 litres of beer, a decrease of 29.49% from 2013. The beer industry in China is gradually shifting to mature markets, with beer taps seeking to move away from product homogenization, high-end diversification.
High-end beer consumption continues to grow steadily in the context of stock competition. According to Globaldata, our high-end beer consumption in 2013 was 5.5 billion litres, rising to 8.03 billion litres in 2018, and is expected to be in 2023.
Increases to 10.2 billion litres, compared to 5.63% in the period 2013-2023. High-end beer consumption has continued to grow, with low- and medium-end beer consumption declining, high industry consumers pursuing higher quality than value for money, accelerating industry high-end transformation. According to the Irene consultation, 2022
The top three factors taken into account when consumers buy beer in the year are taste, wheat sprouts and slogans and evaluation, while price factors are only ninth. Moreover, according to data from the White Paper on the trend of Skycat beer, the proportion of people who care less about prices and only about whether they drink is as high as 33.5%. More and more consumers want beer more than they want it.
The low sensitivity of consumers to beer prices and the public’s desire for beer quality and taste provide a solid basis for the industry’s high-end development. Beer companies can adapt to changing consumption trends in order to be competitive, optimize their taste over time, and focus on upgrading.
High-end beer sales are increasing faster than medium- and low-end beer, pushing the structure of the liquor industry. According to the White Paper on Trends in Cat Beers 2022, the same rate of sales of low-end and medium-end beer was maintained at 5% and 10% to the left in 2021.
Right, the sales of super-high and high-end beer have increased by 15% and 20%, and luxury beer has increased by as much as 40%. As consumer demand and consumption perceptions continue to change, consumer demand for beer quality and taste will increase further, which will drive beer producers to further develop new products, optimize product structures and move forward.
China’s per capita beer consumption is increasing, but there is still a large gap with developed countries. From 2015 to 2022, our per capita beer consumption increased from $6.9 to $9.8, reflecting an overall upward trend.
Country/United Kingdom beer consumption per capita is US$ 273/US$ 162/US$ 137/US$ 116, which is still low compared to the level of consumption per capita in developed countries. With the change in public consumption perceptions, the beer industry continues to innovate in various products, and there is much room for growth in per capita beer consumption, with further improvement in quality and taste.
The price of the domestic beer business has gone up the road, but there is still room for growth for the more foreign alcohol industry. In 2017-2022, the price of the beer business rose steadily, and in 2022, the price of the beer industry in Chongqing/Qingjia/Jujiang/Yinjing beer, respectively, continued to rise, but the overall average ton price was still higher than that of foreign alcohol companies such as the Bawei Asia Pacific.
There is much room for upscaling. Ton prices have become an important driver of industry development, and industry as a whole has a clear upward trend in parity, and canning rates have been raised year by year to reduce pressure on alcohol prices, but there is still much room for upscaling the market. On the cost side, aluminium canned packagings are less expensive, less expensive, less expensive, and more environmentally friendly, and easier to transport than glass bottled packagings.
In terms of prices, canned beer products are usually sold at higher prices, and in the future, the increase in the share of canned products will increase the price of the beer company to tons. We now consume beer.
The glass bottle is dominated, but our beer industry ' s canning level has been increasing in recent years, from 24.6 per cent in 2016 to 30.3 per cent in 2021, and aluminium can packaging is increasingly becoming the future trend for Chinese beer packaging. The US/UK canning rate was 73.3 per cent and 65.7 per cent, respectively, in 2021, and the global average was 48.4 per cent compared to the mature market, and our canning rate was compared to the mature market.
There's still a lot of room for improvement.
A hundred-year-old state company, the leader of the beer industry. Qingdao beer was China's oldest beer-producing company, formerly a joint venture of English and German businessmen founded in 1903 by the Qingdao Company of German Beers, and the Qingdao People's Government took over the factory in 1949 under the name of the “State Qingdao Beer Factory”; in 1993, the company was also listed in Hong Kong and was the head of the Mainland.
At present, the Qingdao beer flag has a dual branding combination of the Qingdao beer masters plus the Qingshan beer second brand. It has a layout in the areas of super-high end/high end/medium end/low end beer. It is one of the leaders of the Chinese beer industry. The company’s development history is broadly divided into four phases:
Nationalization period (1993-2001): in 1993, the company was listed in Hong Kong, and in 1996 Li Gui-Yung and Peng-soo-Yi-Yi joined the Board of Directors and Managing Director respectively. After being overtaken by Yin-kyung beer, Qingjia's beer was the first to launch a wave of mergers and acquisitions in order to regain market share, holding shares through investment controls, bankruptcy purchases, policies and mergers.
In 2001, companies acquired 47 beer businesses. During this period, Qingjia beer expanded rapidly and began the process of nationalization, officially involving a local beer company as a national beer company, but the expansion also posed a number of potential risks.
Internal integration period (2001-2012): the company largely completed its nationalization strategy through large-scale M&As, but also faced the risk of tight financial chains and fragmented brands. After becoming Managing Director in 2001, Kim Chi-Gung stopped the acquisition strategy, and the idea of corporate development shifted from “doing big” to “do big” and the focus of the company shifted from being “do big” to being “do big”
In 2003, the company streamlined its product system to create Qingdao beer as the main brand, and the “1+3” branding strategy for Qingshan, Hans, and Shan Shui as the second brand. In 2008, the company introduced a marketing model for “Great Clients + Logo” to improve the layout of the channels, while building on the 2008 Olympics.
In a series of corporate efforts, the company achieved a recovery, a rapid increase in profits, the domestic beer market peaked, competition intensified, and the company entered a transition period. At this stage, the company failed to adjust its strategy in a timely manner, with a slower rate of structural upgrading and a lower share in high-end markets than its competitors in the same period.
After the company quickly adjusted to market changes to transform its development strategy into a “stable growth and structural adjustment.” The company's product structure was highly upgraded, and its brand strategy was changed from “1+3”, “1+1+n” to a two-brand strategy of “the Qingdao beer master + the Qingdao Beer 2”; in addition, the company strengthened its coastal, strategic belt along the Yellow River market to build the Qingdao dynasty.
During this period, as the beer industry gradually entered the stock market, corporate growth slowed down and sales and net profits declined. Quality development period (2019-present): company growth following the assumption of the head of the board by the “Master of Marketing” Huang Kehein in 2018.
The strategy as a whole has continued its previous focus on product-building, brand-building, and channel-building. During this period, the company has continued to adhere to the two-brand strategy of the Qingdao Beer Master and the Qingdao Mountain Beer Second.
The Division’s channel strategy has been upgraded from “one-way” to “two-way” with a proposal to revitalize the coast at a fast pace along the yellow side and to liberate the river. Moreover, companies have been active in reducing efficiency gains, thinning distribution networks, and optimizing the distribution of output.
Chart 29: Qingdao beer history: 2.2 stock structure: clear and stable corporate equity structure and effective control over the Qingdao City State Finance Committee. As of the second quarter of 2023, Qingdao City State Finance Committee
Indirectly holding 32.51% of the shares of listed companies through the Qingdao Beers Group Ltd. The Public Administration, as a state-owned enterprise, is relatively stable in its management and operation, which facilitates the development and smooth landing of corporate strategies.
China ' s beer industry has been expanded, consolidated and transformed throughout the process, with long-standing rich strategic planning, investment mergers and acquisitions, and business management experience in the beer industry.
Corporate revenues and profits have generally shown a steady growth trend. Companies have grown steadily in recent years, with robust growth in business performance, fluctuations in revenues from companies affected by the epidemic in 2020, positive growth in the recovery of corporate revenues in 2021, a 20.13 per cent increase in business in 2018-2022, and steady growth in revenue and profits.
In recent years, companies have earned more than other alcohol businesses in the same industry. Chongqing beer/Jujiang beer/Qingjiang beer/Yinjin beer/ Huayun beer/Bawe Asia Pacific 2018-2022 cagr/Yinking beer/Jujia beer/Bawe Asia Pacific 2018-2022 net repatriation profit cagr, respectively
The company’s Māori rate and net interest rate have risen, but are slightly lower than that of other liquor companies in the same industry. The Māori ratio of 2018-2023h1 compared to other alcohol companies in the same industry, the 2022 Chongqing beer/Bawei Asia/Jujiang beer/hua Yuen beer/Yanjing beers/Yanjing beers in 2022
In 2022, Chongqing beer/Bawe Asia/hua-Yun beer/ Joojiang beer/Qingjiang beer/Yinjing beer is only higher than Yinking beer. Overall, there is room for improvement in the Qingjia beer ratio and net interest rate.
The efficiency gains are clear, with improvements in management and marketing efficiency, a marked decline in sales and management costs, and a more stable and less volatile distribution and financial costs. In comparison with other alcohol companies in the industry, the sales costs for beer/Bawe Asia Pacific/Gongqing Beer/Jonggang Beer/Congjiang Beer/Yongjia Beer/Yinjing Beers in 2022 were respectively
19.14%/17.77%/16.57%/14.97%/13.05/12.37% Qingdao beer sales cost only higher than Yanjing beer wine; 2022 Yinjing beer/huayun beer/ Joojiang beer/Bewei Asia Pacific/Qingqing beer/ Chongqing beer management rate of 10.7%/9.41%/6.9%/6.82%/6.58.8/3.81% Qingdao beer management rate only higher than Chongqing
Qingdao branding has maintained a positive growth trend, and the share has gradually increased. In recent years, Qingdao brand sales revenue has continued to grow, with a slight decline in proceeds from sales affected by the epidemic in 2020 and a negative shift in growth from 2021 to 2021.
Other brand sales revenues have been somewhat depressed in recent years, mainly because high-end is a trend towards corporate development strategies and future industry development, with Qingdao brands oriented towards high-end markets and others towards the public market. The Qingdao brands for 2018-2022 are expected to increase further in the Qingdao branding and share ratio against a firm’s focus on high-end development.
By region, the company is based on Shandong and the North China market and continuously improves the network layout of the country’s main markets, the world of radiation. 2023H1 company Shandong/North China/East China/Southeast China/South East Australia and its beer industry leaders, with product structure upgrading leading industry development.
The "1+1" brand strategy continues to work, and brand values rank first in the industry, insisting on the "1+1" brand strategy, with products covering medium- and high-end and mass markets. A Qingdao beer exploration has been under way for many years, trying multiple brand strategies, and now focusing on two brand strategies.
In 2014, the company streamlined its branding strategy to preserve only Qingdao as the second national brand, using the branding strategy “1 (Qingdao)+1 (Qingdao)+n (Regional brands such as Hans, Hillwater, Silver Wheat)”; in 2015, the company diluted its regional brand, focusing on “1 (Qingdao)+1 (Kingdao)””
The two-brand strategy, Qingdao beer, supported by Qingshan beer, and the two-brand model are officially in place. The brand strategy has a clear product orientation, and the main brand, Qingdao's high-end market, is one of our first ten brand brands, with strong brand influence and high visibility in the domestic and external markets, leading the middle and high-end beer market in the country.
The second brand, Qingshan Beers, identifies the public market and gradually replaces other regional brands, promotes product structural upgrading, and together with the Qingdao brand products constitute a well-developed brand and product structure that covers the national market. The Qingdao beer branding strategy is more streamlined, and precision marketing enhances brand influence.
The “1+1” branding strategy for beer is relatively streamlined, with companies promoting a variety of products around the Qingdao and Qingshan brands, benefiting from the company’s concentration of resources in precision marketing, enhanced consumer awareness of brands, and thus increased brand influence. The company’s brand value is high, and the main brand, Qingdao Beer, has been the first in the beer industry for many years.
The brand name Qingdao is one of our first ten famous brands, with strong brand influence and high visibility in both the domestic and foreign markets. According to the number of China 500 most valuable brands released in 2023 by the World Brand Laboratories, Qingdao Beer has once again reached a new high value of $24,689 billion and has been associated with China's beer business for 20 years.
Business first, first three in the food and beverage industry, with a snowflake/Yonking beer brand value of $234,259 million/18,675 million, and other beer brand value of the first three. In addition, the Qingjia Liquor company's brand of Qingdao, Hans beer, the Qingdao Beer Museum, the Prince and Tsingtao 1903 Qing Island
The brand value of Aoshima's beer and sub-brands totals over $380 billion, the branding of companies has worked well, the more powerful ones are better and other brands are less popular. In 2022, the total sales of companies were 807.2 million litres, of which 4.44 million litres/363.2 thousand litres were sold, an increase of 2.56 per cent/0.86 per cent.
This has affected a year-on-year decline in sales and a return to positive growth in 2021, with other brand sales showing an overall negative growth trend. The positive growth in total corporate sales has been driven mainly by the growth of Aoshima’s brand sales, while other brand sales have been relatively low, mainly due to high-end developments in the beer industry.
The share of Aoshima brand sales has risen steadily, and the price of tons has continued to rise and the difference between the price of other brands is growing. 2018 - beer sales have been against other brands for the first time, and the share of sales has been on the rise overall. 2022 Aoshima brands, other brands, are worth $4823.62 per kiloL, $2832.09 per kiloL, compared to 2018-2022 Aoshima brands, are worth 1,000 litres, respectively.
Far above other brands, and the gap is widening, and future prices are expected to rise further as the company continues to roll out high-end, super-high-end new products. The company has built a high-end, high-end, middle-end, low-end full price around the Qingshima master brand + Yayama 2 brand.
A rich matrix of products to meet different consumer needs. A streamlined branding strategy that concentrates resources around Qingdao and Xiaoshan helps companies to expand brand influence, while also helping to further improve efficiency in the use of marketing resources, enhance consumer awareness of Qingdao beer, and concentrate resources to support product and branding.
Power, Product Power and Attraction. 1) Qingdao Beers: Qingdao brand focuses on super-high/high-end/middle-end markets, and in recent years the company has continued to launch: “One legend, 100-year-olds, 100-year-olds, Amber Lager, Qingdao Beeripa, Honghing Head, Classic 1903,
A series of distinctively high-end/high-end new products, such as drums filled with raw beer, quickly opened market channels, met consumer demand for high-end beer, and accelerated the process of company high-end. 2) Xianshan Beers Second brand: The One Mountain brand is in the public market, has a low unit price and has a certain degree of customer stickyness.
The main products are the Monsanto Classics, the Book of Friends, the Monument 8 degrees, etc. Chart 50: The company ' s main product group, 3.2 tons of high-end, ultra-high-end products are constantly being upgraded and the high-end process is accelerating.
Qingdao brand sales have increased and their share has driven the company’s overall ton price up. In 2022, Yinjing/Qingdao beer/ Chongqing beer/Jingjiang beer ton increased by 6 per cent/4.75/4.5/3.55 per cent compared to other beer companies in the same industry.
Catering is the main consumption scene for high-end beer, which is expected to accelerate as catering and entertainment resumes. Consumers in catering channels are less sensitive to the price of beer, and are important positions for high-end beer. According to the Bwa Asia Pacific Exchange, the consumption of high-end and ultra-high-end beer in catering/retail outlets was different in 2018.
For 645,000 tonnes/158,000 tonnes, catering channels consume four times more than retail channels, and higher-end and ultra-high-end beer consumption increased at a compound rate of 8.2% in 2013-2018, while retail outlets increased at a combined rate of only 0.4% over the same period, and consumption of high-end and ultra-high-end beer in catering/retail channels is expected to reach 835,000 tonnes/185,000 tonnes in 2023.
The gap continues to widen. The current consumption landscape continues to recover, with a larger rebound in the sale of mid-end, high-end, and ultra-high-end beer as catering and entertainment consumption resumes.
In super-high-end areas, the 1,000-dollar beer legend of 2022 opened up the price of the beer industry to small ceilings, but compared to mature overseas brands like Budweisers and Gasper, the company's layout is relatively late and currently lacks high-end, large, high-end singles with strong cards, so the company's growth is slower than that of the industry.
Gradual sharpening of its high-end product matrix, with a sustained focus on new products in recent years, the introduction of “ipa” and “Amberlag” in 2018 and 2020, to prepare for the continuing high-end competition in the beer industry. As the industry progresses steadily, there is now much room for upgrading low-end alcohol to middle-end alcohol consumption, medium-end alcohol to high-end alcohol consumption, and companies.
In the medium and high-priced areas, there are prospects for more revenue in the future. 3.3 marketing models are diversified, immersed in brand-up, marketing models are upgraded, and diversified marketing support companies enhance brand power and influence.
The company upgrades the four-fold brand promotion model “Sales, Consumer Experience, Brand Communication, Fan Interaction” to “Sport Marketing + Music + Experience Marketing” as a model. The company uses sport marketing as its main thread to provide consumers with a full-scale immersion experience in a variety of ways, including bars, beer festivals, flash shops, and actively fosters fashion.
Consumerism, continuous enhancement of corporate brand power and influence, internationalization, rejuvenation, fashionable branding content, marketing patterns of immersed brand experience that have allowed Qingdao beer to travel frequently.
Marketing costs have continued to grow, and companies have continued to pay more attention to branding. As the beer industry competes more and more, companies’ investment in advertising and marketing has continued to grow in recent years to enhance their brand power and competitiveness. Sports marketing is one of the company’s key marketing strategies, and it is dedicated to shaping a young and dynamic brand image.
One of the most important events of beer consumption, the company sponsored the first Xiamen Marathon in 2003 and has since opened the scene of sports camps. The company's sports marketing has been extensive in the fields of marathons, football, basketball, Olympics, and so on. Qingdao's beer actively sponsors influential sports events, sports projects, the 2008 Beijing Olympics and 2022.
The official sponsor of the Beijing Winter Olympics, and an official partner in major sports events such as the Champ, China and the Nba, introduced customized packaging products around sports events, and created a new model for consumer indoctrination of brands. In conjunction with the Olympic theme, the company launched the Qingjia Winter Ice Can for the 2022 Winter Olympics in Beijing, bringing together 15 official competitions.
During the World Cup, the company rolled out 1903 punctuated refuels and pure-baby fans cans, perfect blending of beer, alcohol and sports passions, soaking the consumer. Chart 58: Aoshima Beers launched the Pure-baby-baby Carnival.
In recent years, Qingdao beer has become more and more important in the marketing of music, in order to increase branding influence, to nurture young consumers, to work together on the wonders of “Scream Nights”, to concerts, strawberry music festivals, and to create new entertainments for famous music pops, such as the international music festival of sisy, etc.
Experiences. A rich musical experience has accelerated the integration of Qingdao beer with young consumers, the release of pleasureful experiences and spirits for young consumers, and the rejuvenation of the brand. Chart 60: A Qingdao beer makes the "beer + music" model
Chart 62: Qingdao Beers for Strawberry Music Festival Chart 61: Qingdao Beers for the Aki culture "Scream Night" concert
In June 2022, the company launched the largest, best-practiced, most experienced immersion zone on the west coast of the Qingdao International Beer Festival.
Beer + consumer life experience malll - A new consumption scene provides new glamour scenes and immersion beer consumption experiences for consumers. At the same time, the company continues to build “Tsingtao 1903 Qingji Island Beers” and has now opened more than 200 houses in more than 60 cities in more than 20 provinces of the country.
Tsingtao 1903 Qingji Island Bars, including City Flagship Shops, Factories, City Landmarks, Traffic Hubs, Sites, and Community Shops, further promote branding, continuously meet the multi-layered demands of consumer personality, scenery, convenience, high-end, and disseminate the quality and culture of Qingji Island beer by creating extreme experiences.
A number of Qingdao Beer Festival events led to a strong culture of beer consumption and a immersion experience with brand power and consumer enthusiasm, leading to the influence and beauty of Qingdao Beer brands through immersion marketing practices
Chart 64: Qingdao Beers and Time-coastal Beverage Gardens Chart 65: Tsingtao 1903 Qingdao Beer Bar Network Distribution Chart 66: Qingdao International Beer Festival Opening
3.4 Multi-channel power on the line, the “big customer plus micro-operation” model enhances the control of the channel, the company adapts to changing consumption trends, and the whole channel layout below the line. From the bottom-up structure of the beer industry, the consumption market in the beer industry is divided mainly into drinking channels and non-supplier channels, i.e. drinking channels, including restaurants, restaurants, restaurants, restaurants, restaurants, restaurants, restaurants, restaurants.
The end-points of hotels, nightclubs, etc., are mainly commercial super- and online channels. By 2020, companies had a higher share of drinking canals than non-supplier channels, since 2020 they had been affected by the epidemic, and there had been a decline in the share of drinking channels such as company restaurants, nightclubs, convenience stores, social stores, etc.
Triangular cooperation to expand the Internet+ channel system led to a strategic collaboration with the United States Team Review in 2020, which led to the establishment of a “official flag shop + official city + online retailer + distribution store” with a gradual increase in the share of drinking-channel sales and 40.6 per cent/59.4 per cent of drinking/non-drinking sales by companies in 2022.
Overall, drinking channels are more affected by the epidemic, and it is expected that the company will continue to push ahead with the weakening of the epidemic and with the company’s continued promotion of o2o, b2b, and community group purchasing, which will gradually return to pre-epidemiological levels. The company continues to build channels, enhance their resilience, and maintain its own channel advantage.
Figure 67: Change in the proportion of companies, i.e., drinking and non-smoking channels
The Great Client Plus Logo model reduces efficiency gains and enhances corporate control over channels. The Big Customer model aims to reduce the investment of corporate sales personnel and sales costs by leveraging the resources and experience of high-quality large clients to fully exploit regional markets, especially in markets where they are not well-represented in the city and where companies have less voice.
A similar kind of deep distribution, where companies divide the target market into smaller business units and match the right distributors, has greatly enhanced end-control and market organization. Since 2008, companies have formally established the "big customer plus micro-business" model and have been following it to date, combining a more loosely managed large customer system with fine micro-level operations.
Helping companies to reduce efficiency gains, develop competitive advantages in channels, continuously strengthen market diffusion and deepen market distribution networks, improve maintenance and control of channels, and consolidate and improve the dominance of the Al Qaeda market and the mode of operation of emerging markets to enable high-quality development, depending on the local context.
Commercial and professional platforms distribute, choosing three different modes of operation that are intensive, hybrid, exclusive, depending on market occupancy and dealer capacity, making full use of factory management advantages and distribution channel resources. In the high-predominant base market, companies use the deep distribution channel model, which is dominated by a large number of small distributors and is dominated by manufacturers.
Mainly, the distributor assumes mainly logistics and finance functions, strengthening corporate control over channels and terminals; in markets with low levels of market ownership and relatively low levels of maturity, the channel model is dominated by one or more distributors, the company expands markets with the resources and advantages of the dealer, the dealer assumes some of the end-development functions, etc., and the dealer takes up market power.
Figure 70: Different channels of operation adapted to local conditions
The division of labour by channel flattening model Co-operation based on the company's operation, with the client primarily assuming the logistics and finance function, flattening model based on the customer's ability or region-wide, or product-based channels
Clients begin to form business teams to take on some of the manufacturer's functions (e.g., end development, full-scale sale within the client's region or exclusive sale by product)
Two batches > dominated by wholesale distribution and also provided to large impact terminals by size or product > Total sales and logistics functions are performed by management systems and operators, with manufacturers taking on the city
Figure 71: Newer Channels Development Ideas for individual beer companies Companies continue to optimize their distribution teams and the income-generating capacity of individual distributors has steadily improved. The number of corporate distributors has increased since 2019.
Quality is constantly improving. This change may be due mainly to the fact that companies practice high-quality development concepts, cutting off some of the poorly run tail dealers. We believe that, with the success of the built-in distribution network, the business of the remaining distributors is 3.5 to push forward the “one-way” market layout and maintain both sides of the equation.
In 2018, the company's market strategy was upgraded from a "one by one" strategy along the Yellow + Coast to a "two by one" strategy along the Yellow + Coastal + River.
For many years, the company has been working deep in the region, with a high rate of city ownership and competitiveness, and in recent years there has been a trend towards a series of developments, and the company’s advantages in size will be further demonstrated in the region. Coastal areas refer to coastal provinces, south and south of the sea, north to Heilongjiang, including Guangdong, Fujian, Zhejiang, etc., and the region’s markets are larger, more economically advanced, and beer dissipated.
The potential for cost escalation is a market area where companies need to focus their attention at the upper end of their power. Along the river basin, which refers to the provinces of Huadong and Changjiang, where competition is more intense, companies are more competitive in the region and are constantly at a loss. As the company’s high-end process progresses and managerial capacity improves in recent years, the public has become more competitive.
The Division’s revenue collection in the region has improved significantly, and it is expected that future gains will be reversed. Chart 73: A strategy to build a “one-way” market for Qingdao beer will focus on investing along the yellow zone to consolidate the core market niche.
It is a central market for companies along the yellow zone, mainly in order to consolidate their competitive advantages. The firm is well-established in Shandong and the northern city of Hua, along the Yellow River, with a high market share, a strong brand influence, a strong channel, a good market base, and a room for ton price hikes.
This is a traditional base market for Qingdao beer, followed by North China with 24.44% income in 2022, after Shandong. From 2018 to 2022, Māori in Shandong rose from $5,856 million to $7,148 million, with Shandong being more profitable than the average company, contributing more than 60% of the company ' s profits.
Regional Māori has been raised from RMB 2,014 million to RMB 2,342 million, contributing about 20% of the profits. In general, corporate development along the yellow market is expected to integrate markets and production capacity in the region, and future capacity utilization will be improved. Companies will be actively promoting product upgrading along the Yellow Zone while investing substantial resources to consolidate their advantages in the future.
In the meantime, support for the development of other regional markets has been provided. The firm’s competitive advantage has been highlighted in the competition over the yellow area, with a view to consolidating competitive advantages and raising the level of market ownership and profitability.
The South China region has become increasingly profitable. The South China region has been highly competitive, with its own beers, goldweisers and foreign China, snowflakes, Yanjing beer, Bwai Asia and the Pacific taking over the market, with frequent price wars, and once important companies in the region.
Profit contributions, brand image, and still some brand influence. Prices have slowed in recent years, companies have increasingly focused on the South China market, companies’ profitability in the South China region has actively reduced efficiency gains along the river basin, and market shares have been maintained.
Competition along the river is intense, the company’s share of the market is low and has been in a state of loss for many years. Huayun, Bae Wai and Chongqing are well-established along the river, and the company’s overall market share in the river area is still low and is in a state of constant loss. For reasons of efficiency, the company opted for a strategic contraction along the river area and closed one.
In 2018, the company closed down the Yangpou, An Qihu Lake plant in Shanghai, and the Zhejiang Tai State factory in 2019. Optimizing excess production would reduce the company’s losses in the east of the country. As a result of the more competitive situation, the public administration largely focused on maintaining market shares and reducing losses.
The company has the only priority microbes at the national level in the beer industry.
The fermentation lab, with its high-level research and development team, has developed a number of basic research capabilities on the basis of which it has developed its own intellectual property rights, maintaining its leading position at the core of the domestic beer market.
At the same time, Qingdao beer has expanded its intelligent manufacturing demonstration plant, and the system has been able to deliver the full product supply to consumers, smart manufacturing, intelligent logistics, and precision marketing, based on digitalization, which has led to a intelligent production process that has significantly increased productivity utilization. In the future, Qingdao beer will continue to promote intelligent chemicals.
The plant has been upgraded to speed up the building of high-quality production capacity, gradually replacing backward production capacity with intelligent plants, reducing costs and improving production efficiency and achieving higher levels of profitability.
Since 2020, the cost of R & D by companies has increased rapidly, and in 2022 the cost of R & D increased by 103.8% over the same period, far faster than that of other beer companies. The cost of R & D by companies is mainly for new products.
In recent years, companies have shut down inefficient plants and promoted the conversion of new and old ones, with a steady increase in single-plant capacity and sales, rising from 15,92 million litres in 2018-2022.
By phasing out less efficient plants, concentrating on and supporting high-quality plants with resources, perfecting the production profile, and improving the overall efficiency of production operations within the company, the company has been able to achieve effective mitigation efficiency. Qingdao beer has a higher market position in our beer industry, its brand value ranks first in the beer industry, and its product matrix is abundant.
In recent years, firms have accelerated their deployment in high-end/super-high-end markets, from which they will benefit fully in the future as the beer industry accelerates its high-end process. The company, as a domestic beer leader, upgrades its product structure + direct price increases to boost tonnage.
Qingdao brand: As the impact of the epidemic subsides high-end markets, high-end sales of beer are recovering in an orderly fashion from higher-end restaurants, evenings, etc. The process of high-end Chinese beer is still in its initial stages, and the company’s overall ton price is still different from that of Bae Weinbo and Chongqing, and the product structure is rising.
On the basis of the above assumptions, we project 2023-2025 for other brands: other branding of the public market, slower sales under the industry’s high-end trend, more tons of alcohol, higher prices are expected to rise steadily with product prices and upgrading of the internal structure, and we predict another 2023-2025.
The Division will increase marketing, improve management efficiency, increase sales costs, steadily lower management costs, and, in terms of historical valuation levels, the current level of Qingjia beer valuation is already low. We've chosen the beer industry as the leader of the industry, Huayuan beer, Bawe Asia Pacific, Chongqing beer, Yinking beer, Joojiang beer as a comparable company, estimated to be more than fair.
The average for the Division in 2023 was 29.65, with Qingdao beer enjoying a certain premium as the second-largest beer business. The beer industry will have more room for development in the future as a result of the recovery in current consumption, better market demand and industry high-end processes.
A strong competitive advantage, significant efficiency gains, and the scope for future high-end and structural upgrading to drive up the average price, business development is long-term good. For the first time, coverage gives companies an “enhancement” rating. Figure 86: Comparable corporate valuation tables
1. Risks of price volatility of raw materials and packaged materials: raw materials and package materials account for the bulk of the cost of beer production, which, if volatile prices do not favour cost regulation by companies, affect profit levels. 2. Competition in the industry increases the risk that companies will have to spend more to consolidate market shares if competition in the beer industry increases.
3. Food safety risks: When food safety issues occur, consumer confidence in companies and their products will be significantly reduced and corporate reputation will be adversely affected. 4. Economic recovery will not be as high as expected: beer consumption is more relevant to macroeconomics and the purchasing power of the population, and high-end beer will be used as a source of revenue.
The correlation between products and the consumption power of the population is more pronounced, and a slowdown in macroeconomic growth will affect the pace of consumption escalation or have a negative impact on the temperature of the beer industry.