The 100-year-old nation is proud, and the path to high-level upgrading is a long way from the depths of the Aoshima Beers (600600.sh) company.
There is a steady increase in profitability in the high-end upgrade of the national beer brand. The company connss@cfsc.com.cn is a national beer brand leader, and the main brand, Qingjia, is high-end, self-infested.
$1005231001 has been developed for over 120 years now, with brand names in the heart and incomes in excess of 60% of companies.
It has a strong brand base, a comprehensive product layout and a well-established channel, with a strong competitive advantage in the high-end wave.
The high end of the matrix is early, the product structure of one and two wings is upscaled, the product price is well-structured; advanced production processes and R & D capabilities are endorsed, the company's output is high-quality, and the quality of the gold medal is high at home and abroad.
The top-notch Shandong base, based on a two-way market development strategy and a distribution model for a confluenced distribution of large customers, has built up a country-wide 3D flexible growth point one: the benefits of a short-term look at the external environment are expected to boost demand.
Reheating and structural upgrading. 1 El Niño is expected to bring a relatively high temperature to the country in 2024, which, in the past, has been an effective driver of increased demand for beer.2 The consumption of current drinking channels accounts for more than 50 per cent of our beer sales and promotes the sale of beer.
The core channels for structural upgrading, so if the future high-end consumption scene is revived, it will be expected to boost the quality and quantity of company beer sales. Future growth point two: medium-term cost recovery and plant closure are expected to release profits.
It is determined that a drop in the cost of raw materials would effectively relieve the pressure on the Māori rate, adding up to the previous product,1 Qingdao Beer (60060000): the performance is in line with the favourable price and will release greater elasticity in future. At the same time, the company did not.
It is expected that the high-end trend will continue to be sound and steady, as planned, to move the plant closure plan forward, eliminating redundant and backward capacity, effectively reducing depreciation amortization in the long run and increasing production efficiency.
2 Qingdao Beer (60000): Performance is consistent with Future Growth Watch III: Growth from High-end Products and Base Market Marketing Structure 3 , Qingdao Beer (60000): Product Structure
The growth of these products reflects the potential for long-term high-end brand upgrades, continuing upscaling and upscaling 2023-power.
Strong, well-developed channels are expected to lead the company’s high-end product lines rapidly increasing in the future. In terms of market uplifting space, the company relies on Shandong, the country’s largest province for drinking alcohol, as a base market, and the future base market, led by Shandong, is still in a position to upgrade its structure.
Short-term medium- and long-term growth logic is clear, taking advantage of the layout of the area at the bottom of the valuation. The competitive advantage of corporate brands, products, channels is strong, long-logic high-end certainty is strong, and medium-term efficiency and cost price declines are expected to release elasticity of performance.
Given that the external environment can be optimized if recovery is expected, we expect increased competition in the high-end beer industry; lower willingness to consume beer as a result of the economic downturn; higher-end product sales less rapidly than expected; and higher-than-anticipated prices for raw materials.
Company profile: 100-year-old beer brand, sword point high 1.1, company profile: long-standing national beer tap, 100-year-old national product, brand glory
During the year, a joint venture between German and British businessmen established the company Qingjia Co. Ltd., a German beer company, as the company's predecessor; then, in 1949, the company was nationalized and renamed the state Qingjia beer factory; then, in 1993, at the same time as the h-share market, the company's main beer was produced and sold.
The company pursues a two-brand development strategy, with the Qingdao Beer brand as the main brand, the middle-end location market, and other brands represented by the Qingshan Beer brand as the second brand, with supplementary coverage for specific areas and low- and medium-grade price items. The company has a high profile and reputation across the country.
West is the market for the company’s core base, with the company’s strategic coverage along the provinces and cities of the Yellow Ribbon, and the company’s stronger branding influence in the rest of the region is one of our leaders in the beer industry.
1.2. Historical evolution: Merger and purchase completed and focused on high-end implementation, 1996-2001, extended and broad-based expansion. After a wave of reform and opening up, the economy was planned to move gradually towards a market economy. In 1996, Li and Peng became the chairman and general manager of the company, respectively.
Led a brilliant shift from a planned economy to a competitive market. During his six-year career, Peng's Managing Director, looking at the point where the economic transition hit the local beer business, implemented an expansion strategy to buy and buy a total of 46 beer businesses, helped the company jump from a local Qingjia wine company to a national beer business and led me.
The country’s beer industry has been running through mergers and acquisitions. Total company beer production has increased from 350,000 tons in 1996 to 2.5 million tons in 2001, a sevenfold increase; by the end of 2001, the company had 46 beer factories nationwide, covering 17 provinces and cities across the country, with a combined national capacity of over 3.8 million tons, up from 2.2 per cent in 1996.
Although the profit level did not follow the rapid growth in income during the same period, the extended expansion helped the company to quickly complete the run-off of the nationalized market, resulting in land and ploughing up the soil for the company’s nationalization. From 2001 to 2011, the refined cultivation was refined to cover the period of growth.
As a result of the post, in response to the company’s lack of revenue, the pace of expansion has been deliberately slowed down and the process of collating and integrating brands and projects previously acquired and acquired has begun. One blade has been adjusted internally to optimize its internal structure. The company launched a value management system at the end of 2001 to capture the impact of the cost of money on the company’s performance.
It is included in the reference indicators for strategic corporate decision-making, team kpi appraisals, and employee remuneration incentives; it is also active in the restructuring of the organizational set-up and in the building of an information system, which has been effective in improving the efficiency of internal operations.2 Drawing on the branding model of mature markets, it is possible to define brand positioning and strategy. The company then works with a well-known American beer company, anheuser-busch.
The signing of the Strategic Investment Agreement by the Anhes-Bush Company, Bawe Beer Mother Company, with the aim of building on the experience and branding model of learning ab-based companies, has led to the introduction of intra-firm effects such as taste-consistency engineering, national brand integration, and, taking into account the mature experience of overseas branding, the introduction of sports since the successful signing of the Beijing Olympics sponsors in 2005
By 2006, the company had initially addressed the country-wide branding problem by establishing a “1+3” branding strategy, with Qingdao beer as the main brand location, at the middle and high end, complemented by a 3nd brand of Qingshan, Hans and Shan Shui, covering popular markets in the various self-empowerment regions.
+Micro-business model, which maximizes the local resource advantage of large clients (i.e. distributors) and micro-operational control of terminal shops, the channel model framework continues to date. Once companies have consolidated the branding of acquisitions and established the channel operating model, they start pushing for the sale of major brands and high-end liquor, the product structure continues to upgrade and the ton price steadily rises.
Building on its own brand advantage, the company has gradually strengthened its influence in Shandong, building a heavily barrierd base market. In the same period, China-Yun beer has gradually increased its acquisition throughout the country, focusing more on market share expansion, with Qingdao becoming the centre of the city.
For the first time, Chinese beer sales outpaced Qingdao's beer sales in 2006, and market competition continued to intensify, forcing Qingdao's beer to carefully restart the M&A project and accelerate the build-up of its own new capacity to compete for market share. But corporate development as a whole remains focused on the quality of the product, seeking to be “big”.
Market competition intensified in 2011-2018, and the strategic direction was misled during the throes. In the rearview, the total volume of beer sold in the country fell back in 2013, before winning the share of the market through low-end beer, which had been the main theme of the industry competition. The company’s previous strategy of “better doing” had been effective in driving the firm’s profit level up steadily, but the market was the market.
In 2011, Sun Mingbo, Huang Kheing, who took over as President and President, changed the strategic direction by shifting the focus of sales to medium- and low-end liquor, and set a target of 10.24 million tons of sales for 2014.
However, as the total volume of sales in the industry peaked around 2013, the pattern of competition was entrenched, and efforts to obtain sales through low-end liquor and price wars continued to yield very little results. In 2014, management changed, Sun, Huang's successor president and president, adapting the strategy for marketing to the reality of industry development, and the focus of development gradually shifted back to branding and structural upgrading.
The company’s “1+1” is the brand development strategy for the main brand plus the second brand, and the combing of the sub-brands is accompanied by a step-by-step focus on the Qingjima brand, which will serve as a catalyst for structural upgrading.
In 2018 – to date, high-end production became the dominant melody of development, with a steady increase in performance. In 2018, Huang Ke Heung and Wei became directors and directors of the board and proposed “brand leadership, innovation drivers, quality first, efficiency priorities, structural optimization, and coordination”
The six main development directions of “Reducing Development” have steadily contributed to the process of upgrading firms’ high-end by creating a “two-way” base market strategic belt along the yellow, coastal, and river basins, increasing brand influence, and accelerating product structure. Corporate development has so far steadily increased its profitability, with high-end upgrading having yielded initial results.
The Qingdao City State Finance Committee is the company's major shareholder and actual controller and, as of 2022, holds 32.5% of the shares of listed companies through the Qingdao Beers Group Ltd. To date, the company has introduced a number of strategic investors to the company.
In the United States, a-b companies: they signed a Strategic Investment Agreement with the United States beer leader, a-b, in 2003 and subsequently issued 300 million extra h shares to target a-b; by 2005 a-b companies had fully transferred shares, with 27 per cent holding shares.
After the Qingdao State Finance Committee (SNCC) had 31% of the second largest shareholders. With the formal establishment of the strategic alliance, a-b appointed its interstate CEO and Managing Director, Burles, and the Vice-President of Finance and Planning of Asian companies, Leonard, as non-executive directors and supervisors, bringing advanced experience and guidance on development strategies, marketing, human resource management, etc.
In order to ease the pressure on finance, Yingbo sold 19.9% of his share of Qingjima beer to Japan at a premium of 38%.
Liquor became the second largest shareholder in the company, replacing a non-executive director and supervisor in the United States of America, and brought into Qingdao beer the details of business concepts and management that were valued by Japanese companies.
Since 2019, it has gradually reduced its share of Qingdao Liquor: As of 3 May 2022, the SQC had reduced its share to 4.99% and was no longer the company’s main shareholder or associated legal person: the SQS subsequently issued a circular stating that it would be further reduced and no longer hold any Qingdao beer shares.
In 2020, the company launched a long-term incentive program for the management of listed companies, which provides incentives for core management and cadres, with profit rather than income growth as the target orientation for the incentive test, and establishes strategic development with high-end at its core. By the end of the 2022 fiscal year, the incentive program has reached growth targets in excess of its established targets.
The direction of nuclear indicators has, over a period of three years, guided companies to a landable and productive high-end development path that will help them move on to the path towards high-end upgrading.
2.1. Brands: 100-year-olds, branding, creating strong barriers to competition, 100-year-old-run sedimentation, selling power abroad, helping the Qingdao beer brand to create a high-end image among the nation’s population. Qingdao beer is China’s oldest beer maker, with company development history dating back to August 1903.
After 1945, the factory was taken over by the Qingdao government, which was officially renamed the State-run Qingdao Beer Factory in 1949. The wine was originally used as a Qingdao business card, and as a high-end, luxury snack beverage well known to consumers in Qingdao and surrounding areas: But the company
With the expansion of corporate production and the opening of international visibility with the domestic and foreign beer prizes, the company, long before pushing for nationalization, took the lead in launching the export route as one of the first Chinese brands to enter the international market. By 2021, the company’s products had been sold to more than 100 countries, making it the world’s fifth largest.
Beer manufacturers. Beer itself is a big, low-value product for selling property, and sales abroad bring much more publicity than actual profits. Beers are inherently a basket, and Qingdao beer as a national brand can be sold out overseas, as a visual demonstration of the company’s product power, and as a result inspires consumer national pride and brand self-confidence.
As early as 1948, the company exported the first Qingdao beer product to Singapore: in April 1954, the first 500 boxes (four dozen) of Qingdao beer were sent to Hong Kong:
In 1972, it entered the United States market for the first time, and by 1988, sales in the United States had reached 1.24 million boxes, the largest producer of Asian beer in the United States: in 1992, the company established a European office in Italy.
Resources focus, corporate branding strategy is always designed around Qingdao beer master brands. In the company's strategic expansion of mergers and acquisitions, the number of brands under the company's flag is growing rapidly. After resolving the issue of uniformity of taste in different factories, the department focuses on the creation of Qingdao beer master brands, arranging for the conversion of most of the bought beer factories.
A representative number of brands with a high degree of ownership in their niche markets form a sub-brand matrix, maintaining local niches and filling low- and medium-level demand to help maintain the medium-to-high-end tone of the Qingdao beer master brand. In 2006, companies adopted a “1+3” brand strategy, i.e. the main brand + Mt., Hans, and mountain water branding model;
In 2014, the company adopted a branding strategy of “1+1+n”, the Qingdao master brand + Xiaoshan by-brand + other regional brands, to create Xiaoshan beer as a sub-brand and to fill the demand for medium- and low-priced beer; in 2015, the company further defined the branding strategy of “1+1” with a focus on creating brands around Qingdao and Xiaoshan
Figure 10: A change in product strategy in Qingdao through the immersion of branding experiences to increase brand influence. Since 2018, the company has developed a marketing model called "One Four" that advocates brand dissemination, community marketing, leisure and interaction: and insists on sports marketing, music marketing, experience.
Marketing is the backbone of immersion marketing as a core force to continuously increase brand influence and internationalization, rejuvenation, and sports marketing: deep binding to watch the season's drinking scenes. By reference to the mature American beer brand, Bwaise was able to bind products and watch sports scenes to a position of mind in the early stages of development by sponsoring sports events and placing targeted announcements.
The number of people watching sports events is male-dominated and age-wide, with a high overlap with the beer-drinking population, and is therefore more closely related to the sale of beer. Green Island beer is a sponsor of the Beijing 2008 Olympics and the 2022 Olympics, and continues to be associated with national and international basketball, football and football.
Music marketing: reaching out to the younger generation with music. Keeping a generation of young people up for beer drinking habits is a top priority in the marketing of beer manufacturers, and the image of brands is needed for consumers in this growing market.
Music marketing has become one of the important tools for continuous brand rejuvenation, linking up with young consumers. Music itself is more diverse as content changes its properties, and the scene has a stronger social identity and a better match for alcoholic drinks, so music is chosen by companies as an important vehicle for the brand image of beer, which is used to convey brand identity to young people, and to build it.
The company has been focusing on the marketing of dynamic music since around 2012, sponsoring music events such as concerts, festivals, and labeling of music content as a product brand. Experience marketing: landscape interactive experiences use the advantage of branding.
The “tsingta01903” experience store, which combines a company's fresh beer products with Qingdao foods, is complemented by a special renovation that attracts consumers to experience the company's products in order to create an appreciation of brands, products, and eventually transforms them into an autonomous distribution of brands by consumers, leading to brand sticky and product repurchases.
Figure 11: Qingdao Beers for the 2022 Winter Olympics Sponsors Chart 12: “Soccer at sea” new scenes creating a immersed experience Chart 14: The company runs a “tsingta 01903” experience shop
2.2 Products: The product structure of a two-wing product is powerful, the product matrix is rich, the product price is fully covered and the gradient is clear, and it meets the demand of different consumers for drinking in various scenarios.
The high-end product range is comprehensive and there is a general degree of variation in the product to meet the consumer’s demand for a breakdown: high-end products are generally sold at a cost of $10 or more at the end of the restaurant, of which white beverages and pure life are currently higher-end product groups that are more acceptable to consumers and are expected to lead companies to increase their sales of high-end alcohol.
The price of a medium-sized product is $6-9, consisting mainly of a million-grade monolithic Qingjima classic, and a classic 1903 and a popular product, which is represented by Kiyoyama's brand, at a price of less than $5.
The company focused on Qingdao's brand, building a “one-wing” brand combination, with a sword at the top. The company has been working since 2015 to implement the “1+1” brand strategy, focusing on Qingdao's brand, while developing a second brand, which is represented by Qingshan.
The cards have become a branding combination of "One Wing." One of them is the two main pillars of the Qingjia Classic + Qingjima Pure: 100-year tour, 100-year-old super-high-end products, such as 100-year-olds, legends of the world, and unique products such as Qingjia Mau, Qingjia, Pearson, ipa, Hong Kong Head, Auguste, custom-made products.
The end-of-life transition is reflected in the fact that, driven by a two-wheel drive of increased production and sales and higher ton prices, the share of Aoshima branding grew steadily from 61.4 per cent in 2018 to 66.7 per cent in 2021.
The company launched its high-end product, August, in 2009, and then, between 2010 and 2016, it launched its pure, billion-dollar, or about 27% of its cagr, reflecting the importance it attaches to high-end new products and its commitment to high-end strategies. The company launched its 100-year tour, the legend of the world, and so on, in 2021, a thousand or so high-end product to break the consumer-to-consumer divide.
A low-end, cheap stereotyping of beer-type products, contributing to high-end product upgrading. Chart 20: A branding strategy for "One Wing"
Qingdao's beer has been awarded both domestically and internationally, and the quality of its products has been recognized by the authorities. Qingdao's beer has covered almost all the gold prizes in the beer quality competition since China's inception, and has won gold prizes in many international competitions around the world.
The company’s products are widely recognized by the world’s authorities, reflecting the company’s ability to produce in the leading industries, whose quality and competitiveness do not lose well-known brands, both within and outside the country. The digital production process leads in the form of endorsements for product strength.
Companies have selected advanced plants with sufficient technological content and innovation to make digitally and “globalized 4.0” models. Since the Qingdao beer factory has been able to connect the “end-to-end” supply chain, using consumer big data analysis, accurate identification of user needs, real-time data sharing with the terminal, more accurate pre-judgement and rapid response to potential demand fluctuations,
In March 2021, the world's first beverages industry, the Lighthouse Factory, became one of the 132 members of the global lighthouse network. 2.3 Market channels: sitting on Shandong's core base market.
A large-scale corporate strategic approach is to increase the development and structural upgrading of competitively competitive markets, based on the continued strengthening of regional advantages in the base market, while gradually reducing the cost of regional markets in the Red Sea, which have no competitive advantage, and focusing on medium-end high-end products and high-profit channels.
The Shandong base ring refers to Shandong Province and its surroundings, where sales account for 60% of the total sales of Supercorps, which contributed a net profit of $1.81 billion in 2022, which accounts for 64% of the company’s total profits, and is the company’s core base market and profit pool. The company began to build a competitive advantage in the base market around Qingjia around the Great Shandong region since 2000.
The regional brands of the land, including silver and wheat, tobacco stations, springs, etc., and the expansion of factories across Shandong and backward production capacity are integrated, using the company Qingdao beer, Qingshan beer, which originates from the local brand advantage of Shandong, the regional advantage of superpositioning production capacity, and the regulation of local channels. The company ' s current municipal presence in Shandong has stabilized at around 70 to 80%, and is solidly built.
The market for beer in Shandong is also characterized by large sales and large spaces, with sales mostly in Shandong region, total sales of beer leading the country, thanks to the habits of beer and a relatively strong local drinking culture that Qingdao has developed over many years, and sales of beer in Shandong Province are always in our lead position, with the second largest in Guangdong Province being nearly 100.
Thousands of litres of sales or 30%; there is still much room for upgrading the beer sales structure in Shandong, where the price of alcohol in 2022 was 3,895,000 tons in 2022, taking into account the impact of internal sales, and which is still not significantly higher than the average ton price of the company. Therefore, the Shandong base market is, on the one hand, the basic part of the company's beer sales business.
It is also an important contribution to the company’s future in promoting high-end growth (further discussed in the post-growth analysis). In response to a strategy to revitalize the coast, targeting South China, and the south-east coast, the company hopes to be able to gradually recover its past high levels of profitability.
Power and consumer will are stronger and do not form a unique pattern of competition in the market, so it has been a priority area for brands. Because of brand influence, both within and outside the sea, the coastal market was once a profit-contribution area for companies, but with the arrival of the overseas beer giants, such as Bawe and Gasper, and the increase in the cost of the national product plate, the competition pattern has deteriorated and the surplus has become worse.
By controlling low-end spending, the company hopes to restore the profitability of the coastal zone by focusing on high-end and special channels dominated by nightclubs, ab-type restaurants, and freeing the river, targeting companies in the north of the country for the radiation effects of Shandong’s dominant market on the surroundings.
We should, for example, seek incremental and rapid growth. The Chinese market in the north of China is also the company’s core base market, with more than 70% of the city’s share: Henan, Gansu, including the Yellow River basin and surrounding areas such as Hebei, have not made an absolute leader and the overall market share is about 40%, but the company still has a strong competitive edge in some of the urban areas, pushing for structural upgrading.
In areas along the river, where competition patterns are weak or where firms have relatively less competitive advantages, the costs of low- and medium-level products are shrunk in an orderly manner, with investment, focus on high- and medium-grade products, and high-profit current drinking channels, using brand influence and consumer self-interest to drive end-to-end sales, and eventually to make a profit.
Companies operate through large-client plus-in-depth distribution models, maximizing the efficiency of large customers in local market expansion, logistics management, and fine-tuning branding through terminal operations, and, instead, using terminal controls to promote market expansion for large clients. In 2005, companies learned about the Bewie beer-advanced channel management model.
The big customer model helps to develop high-quality distributors that grow together in corporate business, thus becoming a good tool for managing the company's channels and making the best use of good practices.
Based on the large customer model, companies set up separate business teams locally to maintain, follow up on, implement channels for logistics and enhance end-of-pipe branding and product displays, and evaluate and monitor market openings for distributors.
As a result of the company’s branding model, the Aoshima Beer brand has maintained high brands since its inception, a strong consumer-level branding awareness, high turnover of high end-points, and a high degree of alignment with the channel model operated by large clients.
As a result, the company has accumulated deep customer resources over the years and has developed an effective channel management system.3 Growth point: external factors are good, internal benefits are sustained, and volume price increases are advancing steadily
3.1. When you look at high-temperature weather and the recovery of high-end current-drinking drinking scenes, you can see high-temperature and hot-sweet-sweet-climatic-catalyzed. The demand for beer is expected to grow rapidly. The high-temperature weather from the El Niño phenomenon since 2023 is expected to have a stronger positive impact on the demand for beer.
The Niño phenomenon is extreme compared to the La Niña phenomenon, which refers to extreme global weather events with high sea surface temperature and continued abnormally warm and cold in the eastern and central equatorial Pacific, usually for 9-12 months. According to projections by our National Climate Centre, the equatorial Middle East Pacific is expected to enter El Niño status in the summer of 2023; and United States weather.
In June, the sector announced that El Niño had emerged, and that it was expected to reach moderate to strong levels by autumn or winter, and that the climate at the end of the pole would affect the world’s average temperature or innovation next year. El Niño’s climate was not in conflict with the rapid decline in temperature associated with the onset of the cold, but average temperatures were projected overall.
Overall, relatively high temperatures will benefit the country as a whole from the sale of beer. The last round of El Niño now appeared in 2016, when the average national temperature was 0.81°C higher than usual, the third highest in history until 2016. Looking back at the beer sales performance in 2016, there was a marked increase in beer sales from the third quarter to the same time, and an increase in sales.
In the third quarter of 2022, beer sales were also driven by a more pronounced rise in the same year by high temperatures, which continued into a rapid decline in temperatures caused by the effects of typhoons and chills at the beginning of the quarter. Reference is made to El Niño ' s sales of beer in 2016.
In quantitative terms, high temperatures are expected to contribute to the rapid growth of beer demand from spring 2024, and the base effect is expected to be a ring-up, as well as a stronger boost to the sale and structural upgrading of beer from the current drinking scene, high-end beer sales, top-of-the-heavy consumption. The main scenes of beer consumption in the country are meals, evenings, etc.
Scenes, according to Ewley data, the average share of our current and non-current sales was 52 per cent and 48 per cent, respectively, between 2015 and 2019. The consumption of high-end beer and the promotion of the structure of beer were more dependent on the consumption environment of the current drinking scene: 1 In non-current drinking channels, the threshold for top-selling circulation brands is low and consumers are entering different brands.
(b) In the current drinking channels, beer brands have relatively limited options, and beer prices account for a relatively low proportion of total catering, nighttime consumption, superimposed social attributes, and consumers are more likely to opt for high-end beer in the current drinking scene.
The recovery of the consumption scene is therefore also more conducive to the sale of high-end beer and to the upgrading of the product structure of the beer. Looking back at the market since 2023, while the drinking consumption scene has returned to business since the deregulation of the country, the rear-view mirror looks at the combined human and consumption power of the high-end consumption scene as a result of the gradual recovery of the economy.
Looking back at the second quarter of 2022, when the beer plate was sold in the first quarter of the season, the impact of the epidemic on the base market in Qingdo Island, and the Shandong region, where sales fell more than once. But as the impact of the epidemic subsided, the consumption scene recovered, and the volume of sales was boosted by heat in the third quarter.
By catching up with the same gap, sales are expected to rise year-round. The quick recovery of sales is both a reflection of corporate branding and channel competitiveness, and also a reflection of consumer demand for beer, given the relatively low value of beer products compared to other alcoholic drinks, and the fact that consumption habits have been built up over generations.
Deep in the hearts and minds, as the cycle of the economy moves, the rhythm of the recovery of the current consumption scenes has fluctuated, but the direction has been determined; our share of high-end beer is still much higher than in the developed world, and the process of high-end beer will continue. Given the recovery in sales following the liberalization of foreign consumption scene control, the warming of the consumption scenes and the high-end beergueries process will continue.
We have a strong positive correlation between the medium- and high-grade share, the current-drinking-channel ratio, and the control of the growth in the height of 2020 compared to the year 2020. In this case, Japan has set an additional tax rate for beer products based on wheat-fracturing division, and the beer market has a strong positive correlation with the level of recovery of the current-drinking ratio and sales.
Trends in trends and recovery are slightly different from other countries, so the reference point for sales recovery is slightly lower; data show that the ratio of current beer consumption in Japan is significantly lower than the global average, and that the recovery in beer sales in the rest of the countries is more positively related to the ratio of current and high-end drinking.
Figure 31: Different countries have different grade and channel income ratios, and sales recovery has varied by 3.2 and 3.2, depending on the cost fall and the efficiency of the plant releases profit elasticity. Upstream packages and raw material prices have released profit elasticity.
The price of the package and the upstream raw material has had a greater impact on the cost of beer, and the beer industry has generally been under considerable cost pressure since the unilateral increase in the price of the package and the raw materials in 2021, with leading firms turning through product price increases, raw material lock prices, supply chain controls, etc.
While some of the effects of rising costs have been married and regulated, the intense market environment limits the extent and extent to which beer businesses can operate in a promotional manner, and the Maori rate continues to be under considerable pressure. By reference to the cycle of price changes in past package raw materials, prices can generally be reported before the fallback in the second half of the year.
After seeing a gradual improvement in profitability, such as the increase in raw material prices in 2018, we reported in mid-2019 that we had been able to observe a recovery in the same year of the Māori rate, driven by the decline in raw material prices. This increase in upstream cost prices is different from the situation in 2018 and is seen in 2023.
Cost pressures have not been completely dissipated, but have been mitigated by the 2022 cost pressure. 1 Raw material cost: the company ' s purchase price for raw materials, mainly barley, for which the base was largely set for the year 2023 based on prices at the end of 2022, has increased by a small double number over the same period last year, resulting in an overall increase in the same unit level as the same year; 2 packages of materials cost:
The pressure to fall behind on the Māori ratio has been appreciably eased, operating space has been restored for beer companies’ fees, and the profit margins will be more resilient as the product price increases to cope with the rising costs have fallen. We recall that earlier this year, the industry was relatively competitive, and beer businesses abandoned profits for sales and market share expansions, and the cost returned.
Most of the backwardly released Māori were reinvested in channel terminals for volume increases; after 222018, as the industry entered stock competition and market patterns were largely entrenched from 2013 onwards, markets with increased sales through price wars were becoming less efficient, and beer businesses turned to higher-end profit growth and the playing field turned to competition.
High-end channels and markets, with competition priorities shifting from low price grabs to cover branding and matching channels, and longer-term planning for spending, are expected to translate short-term releases of Māori more into profits. With future cost recovery, profits are expected to be more resilient.
As the beer market turns to stock competition, the excess capacity generated by local wine factories that have been bought and bought by individual beer manufacturers becomes an ineffective resource to slow down the capacity utilization of companies, and the resulting depreciation amortization costs are as much as the salaries of the workers suppress the company’s profit levels.
Qingdao's beer officially launched the closure program in 2018, closing down two factories in Shikoko and Yang Poo in that year, and further proposed an efficiency plan for closing 10 plants in five years in 2019, with an outbreak in 2020.
At the end of 2022, the company had shut down five factories in the country, and the capacity utilization rate had been obtained. At the financial level, the closure would result in an additional impairment of assets in the current period to cover one-time costs associated with the placement of staff, which would result in a short-term increase in management costs; however, in the medium term, closure of inefficient plants could result in fixed capital for the company.
Reduction in depreciation amortization and effective upgrading of business efficiency and ebitdamargin. 3.3, III. The potential of high-end space for future continuous upgrading is still high. From a product perspective, the growth of high-end products reflects the potential for long-term high-end upgrading
Analysis of the branding and growth trends of high-end products shows, to some extent, the potential for some of the brands to upgrade over time. The beer industry has experienced a long period of intense competition between beer companies for prices, so that the prices of beer products have never followed the normal growth in the economy and prices, and the prices of products have remained constant.
Low position. So, when beer manufacturers push up beer products from $4-6 to $6-8, they can still rely on the push of the channel to boost the structure of sales. But high-end sales above $10-12 are more dependent on brand power and consumer appreciation for end consumers. In the long run, the ratio at the end of the channel for products below $8 is higher than at the end of the channel.
At the end of the puzzle, the future high-end industry competition for beer will revolve around the branding of high-end products of $10 and above, as well as cards, and the two different types of beer products, white and pure, are expected to lead to a rapid growth in the Qingjia high-end product lines. With the prices of our beer-based companies winning their share of the market, consumer perceptions of beer products are generally low and cheap.
In addition to high-end beer brands, which are generally more popular with consumers, and high-end brands, national beer brands need more product-end differences to succeed in making high-end brands. White beverages and pure-borns are more likely to create high-end branding because of the wide differences between the brewing process and the industrial pulls that are common in the market, the marked segregation of product tastes and the consequent ease of creating high-end branding.
The difference between the upper and lower levels of fermentation creates a marked difference in taste: the brands of white beverages are more powerful, and Qingdao has developed into a leading brand in the national brand of white beverages. Qingdao was born in 2015 as one of the first white beverages to be launched in the domestic brand.
The imported beer brands educate consumers about a variety of products, including white beverages, but the imported products are more visible in high-line cities, where circulation channels and high-end meals are more concentrated, and there is insufficient construction of public drinking channels and low-line cities.
Brands have been exposed, and they have been involved in the development of consumer-oriented whites and taste, creating a pre-emptive advantage among white brands in the country. The sales of Qingdao bean, in its second year of listing (2017), have been six months old and have continued to grow at a rapid rate of about 40%.
A new package design was replaced in Qingdao in 2020, which marked the beginning of a new stage in the product’s development, from a cost-free to a more sophisticated brand image. The core goal was to create areas with other lags of beer when the country’s white brands had just entered the market for consumer development.
The old product packaging highlighted the production process of “all wheat” with a large area of gold; the frame of the gold cup was drawn by arc line on the edges of the cans to highlight the high brand branding and product properties. As the distribution rate rose to a certain height, in 2020 the company replaced the brand-new packaging of the Qingdao white beak, which was weak.
The concept of “all wheat” has been replaced by the branding of “Qingdao beer”, which has helped to create a multi-form matrix under the main brand; packaging, with the addition of the ancient Greek mythological goddess elements, with an emphasis on the long-standing brand history and the internationalization of products. The new packaging was awarded the German Red Point Design Award in the same year, and the design elements and ideas were authoritatively endorsed.
White beverages benefit from the rise of the purchasing power of the “she economy” and young consumers, and there is still much room for development in the future. White beverages benefit from upper fermentation production processes, with a greater taste of products, a relatively less bitter taste of beer fermentation, easier access, and a lower threshold for drinking entry, and are therefore more popular with women and young consumers.
The White Paper on Trends in the Booty Cat and Water Industry, which is widely recognized by consumers as a class of beer with a high taste, continues to grow faster than other types of beer, based on the largest sales base. Ali’s consumption insight
Different ways of sterilizing bacterium provide a fresher taste for pure products: pure is the core of our beer, pure Qingdao's group standard. Pure beer is a raw beer with a biological stability of six months and more, and meets the characteristic requirements. High temperatures kill bacteria and decomposition some of the odious matter and camp that destroys beer.
Since the introduction of our first pure beer product from Jojo River in 1997, the pure product has remained high-end and is rapidly recognized in the market, and the rest of the beer brands have followed suit.
The high-end orientation of the Qingjia beer brand, which allows us to better support the end-point of high-end products, pricing, folding the Qingjia beer channel advantage, and successfully completing the brand position on the product class. We judge the future as we live.
In Japan, the consumer base for pure products is stronger, and the future scale of our sales of pure products is still larger. Looking back at the history of Japanese beer development, pure beer is also a revolutionary product.
The net product, Superdry, reversed the year-to-year decline in the city’s occupancy rate, which became the first-ever beer brand in Japan and even contributed directly to the growth of the Japanese beer market. Since 1987, Superdry has felt consumer recognition and love with a clean mouth, selling 13.5 million boxes a year in the first year.
2 million boxes of sales record: 1998 has steadily grown to become the third core product of Japan’s first and third world sales, and to help Japan’s companies achieve and maintain a market for Japanese beer by 2002. Qingdao beer is one of our leaders, with its national branding and channel coverage, and industrial beer will gradually rise to pure beer in the future.
At the same time, in pursuit of differences in the species of pure matter, companies are changing their brand image to better attract young consumers by changing packages, names, speech, etc. Exchange of packages: the company re-enacts the Qingdao beer packaging image on March 26, 2022, and uses impact designs to promote the product
The card is young, and the cap is designed in a knock-on way, highlighting the tsingtao product with the t-letters of the red-circle neutral: on October 31, 2021, the company ' s joint smileyworld launched a nine-packed pure product. The smilev ' s current properties and music background are used to better label the pure product.
Advocate: In 2020, the company invited singer Hua Young-woo to be a brand advocate and introduced a brand-new package for a pure brand, reinforcing the link between brand and music. Subsequently, on June 16, 2022, the official declared the “brand advocate” to battle, and launched a brand-new ad for the innocent Qingjia, using the Xiaowar as a tool for the new year.
Increased influence among light consumer groups, further highlighting the young, tidal properties of brands. Figure 46: Corporate invitation to Chinese morning-wool pure beer to strengthen musical properties.
The company has built a solid base market in Shandong and its surroundings, with a market share of more than 70%. There is a basis for structural upgrading.
This Qingjia beer has a stronger competitive edge in Shandong, and the pattern of beer competition in Shandong and its surroundings has been largely entrenched. Thanks to the powerful voice of channels and the high awareness of brands, beer manufacturers in their respective base markets have been better able to drive the process of high-end, leading the company to an overall tonnage.
Market-driven structural upgrading has worked well: before the Gwangqing beer was injected into Gasper’s assets, the base market in Chongqing, which also has a regional advantage, started to boost the marketing product structure, leading to a steady increase in the company’s overall Māori ratio.
In the second three-year plan of the 3+3+3 strategy, Huayun beer focused on upgrading the structure of the Red Zone market (i.e. the base market), leading to the rapid growth of the company’s sub-high end and above products from 2020 to 2022. The Shandong region has a prevailing drinking culture, a national leader in beer production and sales, a high share of corporate sales and a high-end growth.
According to the Chinese Bureau of Statistics, the total volume of beer produced in Shandong was 489,000 litres in 2022, about 20% higher than in Guangdong, the second largest. As a base market for Qingdao beer, Shandong was also the company’s core performance fundamental, with sales and revenue contributions amounting to 56% and 67% respectively in 2022 (not considered internally).
By 2022, the rate of growth of the company’s tonnage was largely anchored by the rate of growth of Shandong’s tonnage. But the rate of structural upgrading showed that between 2015 and 2020, the rate of increase in Shandong, Huabei and the company’s overall Māori rate was slower in Shandong than in China’s North and Company as a whole.
(b) The future upgrading of the base market structure is directed towards the upgrading of products within the Sakayama brand, while other brands are directed towards the Sakayama brand.
A beer brand that was created in 1982 by the Qingdao Beer Group, based on the production technical standards of the Qingdao brand, and a beer factory at the foot of Qingdao, using Qingshan springs as a source of drinking water, has become more popular with local consumers.
According to the company ' s branding strategy, Qingjia's beers are primarily branded as medium- and high-end beer, while Xiaoshan's beers are used to complete the product matrix for the economic price belt. After decades of development, Xiaoshan's beers have also accumulated a certain brand reputation in Shandong, and as a result of the mispositioning of Xiaoshan's beers with the main brand, they have been accepted for less than $6.
The demand for economic products that are not covered by the main brand has accumulated a high degree of brand loyalty at the consumer level. The brand also contains a variety of sub-products.
The liquor industry sustains its day-to-day operations, and these brands still have some visibility and loyal consumer groups in the various regions, but the product is more focused on low-end plastics, with terminal pricing at barely $4, which is expected to be gradually upgraded to $4-6 in the future.
4. Financial analysis: Roe is growing steadily, high-end is driving up the gain 4.1, growth capacity analysis 1 is moving up the high-end smooth, and a ton price increase is driving steady income growth.
The decline resulted in a 0.8 per cent decline in revenue on the same date, but sales recovered steadily from 2021 onwards, with a further 5.3 per cent increase in product prices and a winding-up capr as a company-based market and the second largest share of corporate revenue (figure 52: sales and ton prices both maintained a growth trend).
Figure 53: Steady growth (in billions of yuan) in revenue from the base market in Shandong, 4.2. Operations and management efficiency analysis1 Sales and management rates are well controlled. Corporate rates are well managed overall: sales rates, market after 2017
The pattern of competition has been largely entrenched, with cr5 at more than 75%, the leading share relatively stable, and continued to win the market share by spending on price wars with little effect, with beer manufacturers starting to pursue high-end sales, cutting down the cost of low-end beer, and paying heavily for efficiency. In a context of steady revenue growth, companies have declined their sales costs since 2017-2021.
In terms of management costs, the company has managed well and the rates have remained fairly constant. Since 2018, the company has been closing down inefficient factories like Yang Poe, Anhui Lake and Fuzhou, resulting in a short-term increase in current management costs.
Plus, management rates are largely maintained at lower levels in the industry over the long term.2 Operating capacity is stable. Companies benefit from brand power, channel power, channel voice, fast marketing of end-products in leading industries, and the settlement of advance payments allows for turnover of corporate receivables and stock turnover in the industry
At a sustained medium-level, with good liquidity and more efficient inventory management, the upper middle-level of the Qingdao beer-roe industry has been steadily growing, thanks to a steady advance in high-end growth. The company’s Māori ratio has risen steadily under cost pressures, and the decline in sales rates has led to an increase in the gross sales margin and has been extended to a net profit margin.
The company successfully completes the product price increases under both the impact of the epidemic and the upward pressure of cost prices, with a constant focus on structural upgrading to promote a steady increase in the Māori rate; while controlling the efficiency of the cost of spending, the sales rate falls, and the gross sales margin continues to rise ... provides a good basis for raising the net profit level.
5. Profit projections: structural upgrades with remunerative, robust national beer taps 5.1. Assumptions: steady price increases and continuation of structural upgrading trends
Income projections: In the medium-term dimension, we judge that the total sales of company beer will remain largely stable, with small units of product upgraded to $6-8 or even $10 prices, with a rise in the volume of medium- and low-grade beer that Qingdao classics and 1903 carry; and that the future is expected to be driven by an increase in sales of white beverages and pure and differentiated products in the main brand ' s high-end product lines.
Further optimization is expected to result in a steady overall increase in major brand sales. For the second brand, sales are expected to remain largely flat; Other low- and middle-end brands are gradually upgrading to Xiaoshan and Qingdao beer, and sales are expected to decline.1 The main brand is expected to show a rapid increase in prices in the future, with revenue growth projected for 2023-2025.
2 Other brands are expected to increase their prices as structural upgrading progresses, and future revenues are expected to slash at a tonnage increase Cost and cost projections: company cost pressures have eased since 2023, raw materials barley and wheat have fallen from high to high in the past, we will judge that there will be little chance of further substantial increases in the future, and Māori rates as a whole will follow.
At the same time, the company values the efficiency of the cost of the investment, and sales rates and management rates are expected to remain stable overall, with rapid income growth.1 At the Māori rate, the company has smoothed costs, structural upgrades and output through, for example, lock prices for raw materials.
The price increases have effectively eased the pressure on the Māori rate due to rising costs and higher transport costs, which are essentially at Māori level,2 in terms of spending on sales costs, and we judge that companies have passed the early stage of brand development, that sales growth is dependent on sales costs and that they use the investment-driven phase, so that future growth in sales costs is expected to be flat or slightly lower relative to the increase in revenue.
3 With regard to overhead expenditure, the company has initially completed the closing down of the plant and will remain relevant in the future, with management costs projected in the short term to coincide with revenue growth and management rates expected to remain unchanged. 5.2. Performance projections for the next three years
The company’s medium- and long-term growth logic is clear, and it captures the layout of the area at the bottom of the valuation. The company’s brand, product, channel, competitive advantages are strong, long-logic and high-end certainty is strong, and medium-term efficiency and cost price declines are expected to release performance.
Higher-end sales are not growing as fast as expected. The company’s high-end promotion is more dependent on the normal operation of the restaurant end-of-end consumption scene, which will have a greater impact on the growth of high-end sales if the consumer scene is not properly carried out by external environmental impacts.
The decline in business efficiency results in lower returns on corporate assets. Future returns on corporate assets may be affected if companies fail to close down their late capacity and optimize their productive capacity.
2. Higher sales costs. If a company seeks to expand new market channels, promote new products, and significantly increase its spending on marketing costs, it will have a greater impact on the company’s profit level.1 The risk of improper control by the person actually in control. If the person actually in control takes advantage of its control position, by exercising voting rights or by exercising its right to vote, it will have a greater impact on the company’s profit level.
Other ways of controlling corporate corporate business decisions and investment plans, equity allocation policies and personnel appointments may have a negative impact on other shareholders’ interests.1 High-end beer competition is expected to increase faster than expected, resulting in less than expected sales.
The main development strategy is that, in the future, increased competition in the high-end beer market will result in higher levels of corporate profitability, and the economic downturn will reduce the willingness to consume and sell beer. Fears about future income expectations, among other things, have led to a decline in consumer willingness to consume beer, leading to a decline in overall sales at the level of the beer industry.
Three, changes in beer consumption habits have fundamentally affected beer sales and high-end rhythms. If the consumption habits of beer are changed among young consumers, the overall sales in the beer industry will decline at an accelerated rate, while the high-end rhythm of beer is expected to have a negative impact at the same time.
7. Schedule: Financial Forecasting and Valuation  Presentation by Food Beverages Group Sunshan: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food beverage sellers, full coverage of the food beverages industry,
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the Qin securities, the New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential.
Liaogwan State: Chinese University of Hong Kong, cfa, three years of research experience in the food and beverages industry, covering beer, halo, and brandy.
No form of compensation will be received, either directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.A stock market representation index is based on a depth of 300 indexes; the new three-board market is based on three indexes (for agreement transfer targets) or three market indexes (for market transfer targets); the Hong Kong market is based on a consistent life index; and the United States market is based on Do-Jong.
We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for the sale of the said securities, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, the financial resources of the person who obtained the report.
Investors shall make an independent assessment of the information and opinions in this report, and shall consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial situation and specific needs.