A new record of engine heat efficiency and continued technological breakthroughs at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Events: On November 20, the company released its first global home heat efficiency of 52.28% of diesel machine commercial products. Building on a 50.23% jump in diesel home-page efficiency in 2020 and a 51.09% break in January this year, a new global record of 52.28% has been created, three times in a row to the top of the world’s industry.
The product advantage of the breakthrough was that 22q3 subsidiary heavy-breathing card sales were equal to +23 per cent, far better than the industry. The heavy-card industry is now at the bottom, and the company's performance is expected to recover: the impact of the spread of the epidemic, demand contraction, high base, etc., the 22q1-3 heavy-card industry has experienced a sharp decline of 57.5 per cent and the 22h1 company's main product sales have been severely affected.
Heavy. With policies to stabilize the economy and extend commercial car loans, the 22q3 sector sells at its worst, the bottom of the heavy-card sector is now on its way to a steady recovery in the future, and the company's performance was announced on August 30th, with a view to breaking down the market and making it easier to work with the Ministry.
3) In the medium and long term, the size of our intelligent logistics industry is expected to reach trillion by 2025, 10.9 per cent in five years, and there are prospects that the whole supply chain solution of the company's Quehu+Dmatek will continue to grow. 4) The forward-looking hydrogen fuel cell industry chain will continue to be positive.
With the new energy strategy on the ground, it is hoped that a pre-eminence will be achieved in the future. The wood engine (000338): the bottom of the heavy-card industry is now in place.
2. Cycling power (000338): h1 heavy card operations under pressure, active expansion of non-roads and new operations 3. Cycling power (000338): heavy card engine tap
The new business growth space has been firmly established and will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.