Recommended (first time) Focus on advanced manufacturing, crystalline silicon growth device taps re-launching on December 25, 2018
In the third quarter of 18 years, Chinese semiconductor equipment sales reached $3.98 billion, an increase of 106.2 per cent over the same period; Chinese semiconductor equipment sales were higher than ever before, making Korea the world’s largest semiconductor.
The rapid growth of the reserve sector has largely benefited from a strong domestic demand for storage chips and a sharp rise in the price of products. In the future, the rapid growth of the new and emerging downstream areas of goods networking, smart cars, ai, vr, etc., has increased the rise in the semiconductor equipment sector.
With the rapid growth of the photovoltaic sector, policies are expected to move to marginal easing. As one of the key sources of photovoltaic power generation, the development of the photovoltaic sector is increasingly demanding crystalline silicon.
In 2017, China’s light-voltage capacity reached 131gw, an increase of 69.3% over the same year, accounting for 32.8% of the world’s share, and is the world’s leading country in the light-voltage industry. In recent years, our government has introduced many supportive policies that have accelerated the expansion of the photovoltaic industry.
The photovoltaic industry has a certain impact, but the subsequent policy is expected to move towards marginal easing, and the future is too bright, and the sun is still an important pole in the demand for silicon-growing equipment. The investment proposal is that the company is the lead firm in our crystal-based silicon-growing equipment, and we expect it to be 18/19 years.
1 Deep-farming, crystalline silicon growth equipment tap, 1.1 is a national crystal silicon growth equipment flagship, founded in 2006 and listed on the business board in 2012, which has now grown into a domestic crystal silicon.
Main products include fully automated monocrystal growth furnaces, multi-crystal silicon casting furnaces, fully automated silicon polishers, double-face mills, sapphire crystals, and an automated production line for led lamps. The company’s products are mainly used in emerging industries with better market prospects, such as solar photovoltaics, integrated circuits, led, and industrial 4.0.
Companies focus on R & D inputs, new products are emerging, and the solar photovoltaic and semiconductor industries maintain good relations with downstream customers such as China Ring, Crystal, and Crystal Australia. The number of corporate orders has increased significantly, and performance has continued to grow at a high rate in recent years, with shareholders investing 48.3% of the company, Ms. Xiu Min-su and Mr. Cao Xianwei.
A total of 54.1% of the company's shares are held by the company's actual controller and co-operator. Ms. Qiu Min-su, former president of the company, current director of the company, and doctoral teacher at Zhejiang University, was awarded a special subsidy from the State Department and has been awarded a number of national and provincial ministerial awards. Mr. Cao has been president of the company since 2016, doctor of science and founder of the company.
During the first three quarters of 18 years, the company achieved a revenue of $1.89 billion, an increase of 50.3 per cent in the same year, and a net return of $450 million, an increase of 76.1 per cent in the same year, resulting in a significant increase in the number of orders executed by the company and a significant increase in the sales of business products over the past 18 years.
Revenue growth has been high; corporate performance has been growing at a high rate since 13 years, with both recovery and net return profits rising at a higher rate and profit growth at a higher rate. Given, for example, the 18-year rate of receipt and inspection of photovoltaic equipment has been increasing over the same period the previous year, companies are expected to optimize and their profitability has increased.
Figure 5: Māori, net interest rate of the company for calendar years (%) Figure 6: Roe for the company for calendar years (%) 2.4 turnover of corporate receivables in the first three quarters of 18 years, a significant increase over the previous two years; stock turnover rate
0.9 times, slightly less than in the same year, and the company’s operating capacity is constantly improving. The net cash flow of the company’s operations in the first three quarters of 18 years amounted to $7,9733,000, an increase of 633.5 per cent in the same year, and the cash flow improved significantly. 1.3 Crystal silicon growing equipment has a strong edge and the sapphire business continues to function.
The company’s main product is widely used in semiconductor, optical voltage, led lighting, industry 4.0. In semiconductor, the product consists mainly of a fully automated semiconductor single crystal silicon cutter, a fully automated semiconductor single crystal grinder, a fully automated crystal cutter, a milled complex processing unit, a semiconductor single crystal silicone grinder, a fully automated crystal growth furnace, a regional melt silicon single furnace.
The main products in the field of photovoltaics are fully automated crystal growth furnaces, crystal rod single-line cutters, multi-crystal silicon casting furnaces, single-crystal silicon grinding composite processors, multi-crystal inverted silicon grinding machines, etc. The main products in the field of lighting are fully automated sapphire growth furnaces, distributed-style led lamps smart production lines, 2-6 inches of sapphire polishers, etc.
Products in the area of industry 4.0 are mainly photovoltile single-crystal silicon bar automated detection lines, multi-crystal silicon processing automated production lines, smart logistics distribution systems, smart plant management systems, production information-based memes software management systems, etc.
In 18 years, h1, the company's crystalline silicon growth equipment accounted for as much as 83.4 per cent of the total advantage, with a Māori ratio of 41.0 per cent, an increase of 5.6 percentage points in the same year, far ahead of other operations.
Material operations together accounted for 10.9 per cent of the total, and sapphire growth equipment continued to function, adding new dynamic energy to the growth of company performance. 18 years ago, the company undertook two major national science and technology projects, namely, “The development of 300 mm silicon single-crystal growth equipment” and “National production of silicon single-crystal furnaces in the 8-inch zone.”
The company has successfully developed new products such as a series of semiconductor single-crystal silicon rollers, single-crystal silicon cutters, complete automatic silicon polishers, double-face grinders, etc., which have been enriched, thus creating a nationalized advantage in the field of semiconductor silicon growth and processing equipment.
The industrial layout of key parts and components forms an advantage in the industrial chain, and is involved in investing in the production of large silicon tablets without tin integrated circuits. The company has successfully mastered the international lead in the production and grinding of sapphire materials, which are key components of the sapphire, with a 450-kg-sized sapphire crystal growth technology, and the sapphire business is more cost-competitive and growing in scale.
The company has three provincial technology research and development centres, one provincial enterprise institute and one provincial priority institute. Two major national science and technology research and development topics are now in the production and marketing stages of industrialization.
In 2018, the company's Single Crystal Silicon Stick Slicing Combine was selected as a new industrial product (new technology) for Zhejiang province.
The first prize and the second prize for scientific and technological progress in Zhejiang province, the results of the campaign “Improving the quality of the big pieces of stoves” were awarded first prize for the results of the activities of the City's excellent oc group in 2018. The company was awarded the “Ten Top Units of China's Semiconductor Equipment Industry in 2017” and “Ten Top Units of China's Electronic Equipment Industry in 2017”, “China's Business Board's Top Ten Companies” and “China's Top Ten”
Honours such as the National Entrepreneurship Board’s listing of 50% of corporate value have contributed to the continuous improvement of corporate governance, corporate visibility and reputation, and the growing combined strength of companies. Companies have continued to increase their R & D investment, amounting to 150 million yuan in R & D costs and R & D costs in the first three quarters of 2018.
As of 30 June 2018, companies (including controlling subsidiaries) had been authorized to patent 327 patents, of which 48 were inventions. The company ' s products were technologically upgraded rapidly, and new products were being developed.
Superconducted magnetic field technology has achieved a good match between superconducted magnetic fields and fully automated single-crystal furnaces for control and mechanical purposes. The efficient solar system has achieved the complete automatic production of stacked solar components by fully automated stackers. A subsidiary crystallized electrons have succeeded in producing 450 kg-grade sapphire crystals, and the company has become an international leader in mastering super-sized sapphire.
Companies with crystal growth technologies. Companies have successfully introduced new products like single-crystal silicon rollers, single-crystal silicon cutters, fully automated silicon polishers, double-face grinders, etc. New monocrystals of the global first-ever "bees" series have been launched, with high-efficiency low-cost photovoltaic components.
The company’s clients cover such areas as photovoltaic, semiconductor, and sapphire materials, and have established a good reputation for high-end customers. Among them are prominent photovoltaic companies such as Central Rings, Crystals, Jingdu, Shanghai Concords, Middle Rings, Beijing and others, which are known manufacturers in our semiconductor sector, and companies have gradually developed branding in the field of sapphire materials.
In 18 years, there has been a significant increase in the number of company orders. As of 30 September 1818, the company had not completed a total of 2.87 billion yuan, of which 510 million yuan had been contracted for all deliveries, 1.99 billion yuan had been contracted for partial deliveries, and 370 million yuan had not yet been delivered. Of that amount, 170 million yuan had not been contracted for semiconductor equipment.
More than 20 per cent of the contracts were for the Chinese lead semiconductor monocrystal and single-crystal and cut-off contracts, with a total value of $40 million. 2 semiconductor equipment was ready to be issued, and national production was inexorably replaced by 2.1 China as the world's largest semiconductor equipment market.
In the third quarter of 18 years, Chinese semiconductor equipment sales amounted to $3.98 billion, an increase of 106.2 per cent over the same period; Korean semiconductor equipment sales amounted to $3.45 billion, a decrease of 30.9 per cent over the same period; Chinese semiconductor equipment sales exceeded the constant annual figure of $10.5 per cent over the same period. China ' s share of global semiconductor equipment was as high as 25.0 per cent, compared with 18 years ago.
China’s semiconductor equipment industry is growing rapidly, mainly as a result of high domestic demand for storage chips and a sharp increase in product prices. In the future, there are rapid developments in new and emerging areas downstream, such as networking, smart cars, ai, and vr.
At a time when China is at a critical stage in the break-through of the counter-cyclical investment in semiconductor equipment industry, the domestic semiconductor equipment market is expected to be reversed with strong domestic investment and strong support from national policies. Semiconductor equipment is used as an upstream device for integrated circuits, and silicon is built as an essential material for integrated circuits.
The semiconductor equipment industry is a strategic and new industry in the country. In recent years, the country has put in place a number of major policies to support the development of the semiconductor equipment industry.
The average annual growth rate was over 20%, and by 2030 the main links in the integrated circuit industry chain had reached international sophistication, with a group of enterprises entering the first international echelons to cross development. Currently, the national integrated circuit industry investment fund 2014.09-2018.05 has been fully invested, with total investment
$138.7 billion. The second phase of the Integrated Circuit Industry Investment Fund has been reported to the State Department and approved, and is expected to raise more than $150 billion. 2.2 The demand for silicon is strong, and the national production replacement is expected to accelerate.
The single crystal of silicon is a crystal with a basically complete point array structure, with different directions of a different nature and a good semiconductor material. The purity requirement is 99.9999% (6 “9”) for the photovoltaic field, and the purity is 99.99999999% (11 “9”) for the semiconductor area. The single crystal silicon can be used with high purity.
The monocrystal furnaces are made from internal pulls, and single crystal silicon is an important semiconductor material that is widely used in PV conversions, traditional semiconductors, silicon is the raw material for making transistors and integrated circuits, usually silicon slices. Silicon is used to make large power.
Fluctuators, high-power transistors, diodes, switches, etc., whose follow-up products, integrated circuits and semiconductor separation devices, are widely applied in various fields. Silicon tablets of various sizes and specifications are widely used in semiconductor manufacturing, usually including 3 inches, 4 inches,
6 inches, 8 inches, 12 inches (300 mm) have now reached the 18 inches (450 mm) specification. The more diameter, the more integrated circuit chips that can be made from a process cycle on a silicon, the lower the cost of each chip. So, the larger the diameter silicon is the direction in which the silicon is developed, but the larger the silicon size, the larger the microelectronics.
The higher the requirements for process design, materials and technology, the 12 inch is now the dominant industry, with a projected 68.9 per cent of global silicon output in 2018 and a projected 71.2 per cent demand for 12 inches of silicon by 2021.
At present, China’s imports of integrated circuits are still well above exports, with China’s imports of integrated circuits amounting to $28,929.00 billion in January-November 1818, exports amounting to $76.55 billion, with a deficit of $21,274 billion, and the deficit of integrated circuits is on the rise. China’s silicon demand is strong, imports of integrated circuits are on the rise, and integration is on the rise.
China is the world’s largest semiconductor chip consumer, and the United States is a major chip importer for China. According to the Ministry of Commerce, about 15% of the United States integrated circuits are exported to China.
In the context of the intensification of trade between China and the United States, China has become more self-sufficient, and high-ranking officials have given high priority to a series of policies to support the development of the domestic chip industry. Many domestic firms have also begun to move into chip manufacturing, and a wind of national production replacement is coming.
Producers are expected to emerge from the new round of competition.3 The photovoltaic sector is rapidly developing, policies are expected to move towards marginal easing, 3.1 photovoltaics are expected to grow and parity is expected to accelerate
Silicon, one of the major raw materials for photovoltaic power generation, has grown in demand for crystalline silicon in the light-voltage industry. The solar-voltage industry in China has grown rapidly in recent years, rising by 69.3% in 2017 to 131gw in China.
In 2017, the world ' s solar PV capacity reached 399.6gw, an increase of 32.0 per cent over the previous year, and in recent years the world ' s PV capacity has been growing rapidly and steadily. China ' s share of the world ' s PV capacity in 17 years was 32.8 per cent, a global PV production.
The cost of photovoltaic power has been declining in recent years, and the price-neutral era has accelerated. Prices of upstream silicon raw materials have also been decreasing, and the average price of domestic production of multi-crystal silicon has now been reduced to $79.4 per kilogram; 8 inch silicon silicon flat.
The price per plant has also fallen to 3.0 yuan per piece. 3.2 Photovoltaic policies are expected to usher in marginal easing. Solar photovoltaic is a typical expression of renewable energy, and the photovoltaic industry is a priority industry supported by the State in recent years.
The country’s photovoltaic industry has been growing rapidly. Both central and local governments have put in place a number of supportive policies that have accelerated photovoltaics, but on May 31, 18, the National Development and Reform Commission, in conjunction with the Ministry of Finance and the National Energy Agency, issued a new deal in the photovoltaic industry, which has taken a “quick brake” on China’s fast-growing industry in recent years.
The size of the general photovoltaic station construction in 2018 is set aside; this year, around 10 million kilowatts are set aside to support the distribution of the photovoltaic project; the price of the newly shipped photovoltaic station poles for Internet access is reduced by 0.05 yuan per kilowatt hour; and the full-scale electricity measurement rate is reduced by 0.05 yuan.
This policy, known as the “most stringent regulatory policy in history” in the light-voltage industry, provides for a moratorium on the issuance of ground power station targets, a reduction in subsidies, etc., which will be fully implemented as of the date of its issuance. The addition of 531 light-volts has taken a heavy toll on industry development, but the country recognizes the serious implications of the New Deal, and the subsequent policy will become marginal.
The results of the mid-term evaluation of the “13th Five-Year Plan” on solar energy development, organized by the National Energy Agency on 2 November, highlighted that photovoltaic remains a national priority for clean energy, that it will receive more support in the future, that it will continue to provide subsidies by 2022, and that the policies related to the photovoltaic sector in 2019 will be accelerated.
1. Photovoltaics are the country’s priority for clean energy in support of development, and will be more supportive in the future than ever. 2) The subsidy scheme will last until 2022 and will not push the Internet at all.
4) To accelerate the adoption of policies related to the photovoltaic sector next year, and to stabilize market expectations. (5) To recognize the use of photovoltage for household management, distinguishing it from business distribution, and giving it more support.
The company is a leading company in the country’s crystalline silicon growing equipment. The main products include fully automated monocrystal growth stoves, multi-crystal silicon casting furnaces, fully automated silicon polishers, double-face mills, sapphire crystals, and led lamps.
Industry. In the first three quarters of 18 years, the company achieved revenues of $1.89 billion, an increase of 50.3 per cent over the same period; the net return to mothers of $450 million. In the first three quarters of 18 years, the number of orders executed by the company increased significantly, with a total of $2.87 billion outstanding contracts and four-quarter orders remaining high. The company focused on technology research and development, and in the first three quarters of 18 years it spent $150 million on research and development and research fees.
The company’s clients cover such areas as photovoltaics, semiconductors, and sapphire materials, and have a good branding reputation in high-end client groups. These include such well-known photovoltaic companies as Central Rings, Crystal and Crystal, Shanghai Crystals, Central Rings, Beijing and others.
In the third quarter of 18 years, Chinese semiconductor equipment sales amounted to $3.98 billion, an increase of 106.2% over the same period; Chinese semiconductor equipment sales outpaced South Korea, the world’s largest semiconductor equipment.
Moreover, silicon is one of the important raw materials for photovoltaic power, and the need for crystalline silicon is growing. China’s solar-voltage industry has grown rapidly in recent years, with many supportive policies in place at the central and local government levels, accelerating the expansion of the photovoltaic industry.
Although the new PV 531 has had some impact on the PV industry, the subsequent policy is expected to move to marginal easing, and the absence of solar PV remains an important pole in the demand for silicon-growing equipment. We expect the company to earn 0.48/0.62 per share in 18/19, and the current share price is pe.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is not subject to the issuance of securities in the company's relevant business sector.
I assure you of my commitment to the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.