Cruise tires (601058.sh) Basic chemical industry performed as expected and globalization strategy progressed steadily
The first three quarters of 2024 saw the company ' s steel, semi-steel, and non-road tyres in three categories, as the company ' s products increased in recognition at home and abroad.
2. Tirer Tyre Company Ratings: a slightly higher than expected performance, with long-term product output at the best level in history, total sales of tyre products at the same rate as in the same period, 2024.7.9
Growth of more than 30%. At the same time, with measures such as market expansion and product structural optimization, 3. Race tire company scoring: a bright performance, planning for productive excellence, and a high Māori ratio.
Companies are more resilient to risk, and the strategy of global production and distribution continues. As shipping begins to fall from a high position, the previous repression of export operations has gradually been eased, taking into account that companies now account for more than half of the world’s current export-oriented fob, and are also part of the route.
The company, as the first Chinese tyre company to build a sea factory, has built two major bases abroad in Viet Nam and Cambodia, and is now officially in production for Cambodia’s second 12 million-and-a-half million steel midlife projects.
The construction of factories in Mexico and Indonesia is proceeding steadily as planned. With new bases and projects coming into operation in the future, corporate globalization can be further improved to withstand external risks such as tariff fluctuations.
The company is a leading domestic tyre company, which has increased its global market share as production capacity continues to grow overseas and “liquid gold” tyres have become more powerful for the company's brand.
Large fluctuations in raw material prices; lower-than-expected releases of new production capacity; frictions in international trade; less than expected spread of “liquid gold” tyres: large fluctuations in maritime prices: large fluctuations in exchange rates: large sweeps for more services
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market