24q3 performance was robust and the global layout advanced in depth
This represents an increase of 24.28 per cent and a net profit of 3,126 million yuan from non-repatriation, or 48.96 per cent from the same period. Of this, a net profit of 1,074 million yuan from non-repatriation was realized, representing an increase of 11.37 per cent from the same period and a 3.39 per cent increase from the ring. 24q3 performed well, and tyre sales showed strong resilience in the first three quarters of the development of the company ' s own production.
The production and sales of 546,269, 53,877,000 tyres, representing an increase of 30.00 per cent and 31.88 per cent, respectively, and 2.92 percentage points, respectively. The higher performance of companies in the previous three quarters was mainly related to the following:
The effects of corporate globalization strategies, science and technology innovation, branding, etc., are constantly being demonstrated, with tyres being sold at the highest levels ever; and secondly, companies are actively pursuing market convergence and product optimization, with overall profitability. In addition, 24q3 companies have four main raw materials: natural rubber, synthetic rubber, carbon black, steel curtains, and four main raw materials.
The price ring grew by 1.77%, with a cost-side pressure, and the company achieved a Māori sales rate of 27.69%, a decline of 2.08 percentage points. Overall, the company overcomes the multiple disadvantages of rising prices for major raw materials, maritime transport costs, and so forth.
In spite of the increased global tyre market competition, the competitive value of national brand tyres has been highlighted, in the context of high inflation and high interest rates abroad, and is gradually gaining a share of the global tyre market. In January-August, the United States imports of semi-steeds and full steel tires were 11102, respectively.
Of the 3,839 million, an increase of 5.07 per cent and 23.72 per cent, respectively, was the proportion of semi-styren and full steel births imported from Viet Nam to 9.21 per cent and 14.63 per cent, respectively, an increase of 131, 1.58 percentage points. The EU imports half-styrene were mainly from China; the whole of steel was imported from the South-East Asian region, particularly the EU in 2018.
Anti-dumping sanctions were imposed on Chinese car tyres. In January-August, the EU imports of semi-steeds and whole-steams showed a relative depth of 300; imports of half-steeds were 57.11 per cent, an increase of 0.96 percentage points, compared to the same period; imports of all-steeds from Viet Nam.
This represents an increase of 1.98 percentage points, from 13.69 per cent to 1.98 percentage points. Adding the Kampot Special Economic Zone project in Cambodia to deepen the global operational layout, the company announced its intention to invest in the construction of the Kampot Special Economic Zone project in Cambodia, and plans to introduce new chemicals related to the rubber industry around the world
On the other hand, the expansion of company tyre production is continuing. On the overseas side, companies have invested in the construction of 12 million steel meridian tyres in Cambodia, starting in July 2024.
At the domestic level, the company plans 30 million units/yearly high performance midday and 150,000 tons/year.
The non-road tyre project, 500,000 tonnes/year of new functional materials (020,000 tonnes/year) project, etc.
Sales volume, globalized layout continues to advance _ 2040822 _ Galactic Industries _ Racer Tyres _ q1 performances are high 3. _ Galactic Industry _ Chemical Industry _ Racer Tyres _ Production
7.93. Maintain the “recommended” rating, and I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
In 2022, he joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute, mainly in the chemical industry. This report is provided to his clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.