Cruise tyres (601058.sh): Business performance is strong and continues to push forward the global strategic layout Sustained revenue and performance is as expected. In the first three quarters of 2024, companies achieved total operating income of $23,628 million, which was equal to the increase in production and sales, despite cost-side pressures. Companies achieved production/distribution of tyres in the third quarter of 2024, respectively.
The average price of the product fell by 5.55 per cent over the same period and the ring grew by 0.36 per cent.
In the last three quarters, the company’s overseas factories have made progress in: (a) the construction ceremony at the Indonesian factory in September, where production can enter the countdown; and (b) the group’s intention to lease approximately 750 hectares of land to build the Cambodian Kampotic Zone, and its plans to introduce new chemical materials related to the rubber industry around the world, and to host head-line companies such as the recycling of used rubber.
Extension of the industrial chain to create industrial synergies; 3) Adjustment of the share of the capital and the financing of the sttt of the Mexican subsidiary, adjusted for the smooth running of the 6 million steel semi-medium-line tyres project; Enhancement of R & D and marketing expenditure and upgrading of product branding.
The company has launched a rich product line for diversification of market segmentation and application. It has now entered the wheels of several domestic and international automobiles like Biadi, Chiri, Jili, Chang An, Ulai, North Gas, and Vinfast in Viet Nam.
List of birthplace suppliers. And maintain a “buy-in” rating for race tire tyres (601058.sh): steady progress in performance by the growth of domestic and foreign output, including Biademplus, Qinl, and seal06, and Viet Nam ' s vinfastvf5 and vf3, supported by high R & D.
Racer tyres (601058) Redevelopment and development of deep-farming, globalization landscape - company depth report 3. Out-of-sea study: The value of tire country product plates continues
Upgrade, “Go to the sea” has great prospects for development — chemical industry 4. National tyre companies catch up with global head processes Geometrics — Chemical Study Series (23)
No direct or indirect relationship exists between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report and the analysis and judgement of the individual researchers at the time the present report was produced, and does not represent the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates.
If the law allows, the company’s associates may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be offering or seeking to present them.