According to the company announcement, the main reasons why we analysed the company’s record high revenues and a small decline in the profit ring in the first three quarters of 2024 were:
At the end of the demand side of the historical high-globalization + liquid gold resonance - 2024/09/1; recalcitrant demand for semi-styren imports in the United States; significant increase in the overall steel ring ratio; Chinese tyre production 3. race round tyres (601058.sh) 2024h1 performance is projected to increase.
Public announcement point: high performance growth, leading by one month, Thailand ' s semi-steed exports of 85.752 million United States sales per month, compared to 9.52 per cent/ring ratio + 14.07 per cent; 2024 paces to 2024/07/10
In July-August, Thailand exported 2.2385 million full steel tires in the United States, corresponding to 20.26 per cent/ring ratio + 13.27 per cent. 2024q3 achieved 19.33 million sales, compared to 22.81 per cent/ring ratio + 7.64 per cent;
Growing and leading product strength creates corporate leadership - influences the profitability of companies; however, companies pre-emerge in the form of race tires (601058.sh) by entering into strategic partnerships with raw materials enterprises, long contracts, etc.
A step-by-step reduction in the cost of procurement, accompanied by a timely adjustment of the procurement strategy and constant attention to fluctuations in the price of raw materials, an investment announcement rating: four quarters of performance is over-expected and companies are expected to improve the accuracy of market forecasts in order to minimize the adverse effects of fluctuations in the price of raw materials on enterprises
Globalization has been steadily advancing, with non-roads continuing to contract. The company has more than 70 million current capacity in Qingdao, Tungbang, Kanyuan, Shenyang, Viet Nam, and Cambodia, and is currently producing in-country, Viet Nam, Cambodian factories, building capacity is steadily advancing, and medium- and long-term production capacity is adequate, with Viet Nam III and Viet Nam III at the end of June 2024.
In Cambodia, 9 million semi-steeds, 1.65 million whole-steed steels in Cambodia, and 82%, 90%, 80%, 70% of the progress of the non-road projects. The company has worked deep in the area of non-road tyres for many years, and the product specification series is excellent.
In cooperation, companies such as Carterpile, John Dill, Kesnews, etc. have been successfully attached abroad; the company 21r35 specification non-road mines have performed well with rigid tyre properties, achieving 137,460 km of single-born driving records with a useful life of 15,000 hours, well beyond the average life of this type of tyre in the market, effectively reducing the mine.
Liquid gold has excellent performance, and the corporate brand has been raised. Liquid gold tyres have been successfully addressed by applying the first international innovation, learning about smelting techniques, reducing the drag of rolling tyres, and increasing their resistance to humid and grinding.
The industry’s “demon triangle” problems over the years have increased car safety, energy efficiency and comfort. A number of international authorities, such as idiada, Smith Laboratories, the Chinese Rubber Industry Association and others, have passed through the performance end, 2022, the Pacific Car vs. Model3 main brand of six tyres, “Michirintps4,”
Bézier pzero (pz4), horse plate csc5, solid feature eaglef1asymmetric2, Pliss Tuns001 and race wheel liquid gold s01 tyres”, 100 km acceleration, dry wetland braking, moose testing, roll block testing, high-speed electricity consumption, 6 dimensions of noise in the car: wheels of liquid gold s01 operating,
In terms of safety and electricity, which are better than the remaining five foreign brands, wetland brakes and power consumption. At the end of use, an average of 1 liquid gold truck and car tires can reduce energy consumption by 4 per cent or more, respectively, and new energy cars using liquid gold tyres can increase their flight by 5 to 10 per cent;
At the end of the channel, since 2024, companies have introduced new energyev, luxury driving, urban driving, and super-performance four series of new liquid gold-car tires, which have been recognized by a wide range of consumers.
Newly developed high-end Express and ecvt models, high-end Express & Logistics & Main Line Transport swaps, t680e and t5 light cards, etc. Investment proposals: corporate global production patterns are advancing steadily, and liquid gold tyres are shared with non-road tyres
The methodology and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.