No fear of industry performance, continuous upgrading of branding: 29 October 2024, three-quarterly newspaper of 2024. Company 2024, wheel tyres (601058.sh)
Zhang Yinsheng has continued to grow despite the industry’s disadvantages, with production and sales volumes, income and net profit from non-repatriation rising. 2024q3 tyre industry is under pressure from shipping fees, raw materials, etc.: ccfi
Total price of natural rubber, synthetic rubber, carbon black, steel lined main raw materials in comparison to the same price of 1.92 million tyres in Hong Edong, 1.93 million sold and $8,173 million earned from self-produced tyres.
The tyre industry continues to face pressure in terms of shipping fees and raw materials, but the company continues to scale up its production and sales based on the advantages of its overseas multi-base configurations, with strong performance, reflecting the firm ' s robust and good risk-resistant ability to operate; as of 29 October, shipping fees and tyre raw materials
On October 29, the Ministry issued an announcement planning for the construction of a special economic zone in Kampot, Cambodia. The announcement indicates that the company intends to rent it.
Construction of approximately 750 hectares of land in the Kampot Economic Zone of Cambodia, with the planned introduction of a global and rubber bank and the completion of all rentals in 2026-2035 for a total of 11 years; total project investment estimated at $111.9 million, mainly for land costs, financed
The project is self-financed; the total return on investment is 4.6 per cent, the total after-tax rate of return is 7.0 per cent and the post-tax return on investment is 8.2 years. We believe that this project is a complement to and extension of the company ' s global chemical industry, with the hope of extending the company ' s industrial chain and further upgrading the company ' s integration.
The global tyre market has grown steadily, and Chinese businesses have a wide scope for development. According to the company \triangleright, Michelin's Financial Report, China Automobile Circulation Association, Global Tyre Sales in the first half of 20249
In the first half of 2024, the global volume of cars increased by about 43,86 million vehicles, or 3 per cent. In August, the United States Association of Tyre Manufacturers was on the run.
The last forecast was made in March 2024. In this projection, a total of 337 million United States tyres were projected for 2024, an increase of 1.7 per cent over the previous projection (1.1 per cent).
The demand for tyre replacement markets has benefited from a continuous increase in global vehicle holdings, and the tyre-backed market needs cindasecuritiesco.,ltd
To benefit from the recovery in car sales after easing the problems of the automobile supply chain, the global tyre market, the Kim Dynasty Building No. 127, in Beijing's West Side, has grown steadily and has provided vast space for the development of Chinese tyre businesses.
Liquid gold tyres continue to be promoted, and corporate brand power is increasing. Liquid gold tyres, using the world's first chemically refined technique, solve the 100-year-old problem of the “demon triangle”, which is recognized as the fourth milestone technological innovation in the world's rubber industry. (1) Performance: corporate liquid gold.
Tyres are validated and tested by a number of authorities in Spain, such as idiada, Germany, tüv, and the Smith Laboratory in the United States, and the excellent indicators of oil efficiency, comfort, manipulation, grindability, etc. are widely appreciated and accepted by drivers.
By reducing energy consumption by 4% or more, new energy cars using liquid gold tyres can increase the rate of renewal by 5-10%. (2) Extension: companies have dual-line power in the accompaniment and replacement markets. In the ancillary markets, companies have entered Biade, Chirí, Jili, Zhang An, Ulai, North Air, Viet Nam.
In the first half of 2024, the Department managed to deliver bulk quantities of domestic and foreign models such as Biadell Plus, Qinl and SEAL06, and Viet Nam 's vinfastvf5vf3.
On September 25, the Asian Brands Congress released the 2024 Asian Brand 500 list, which was closed for six years in a row with a brand value of $10,535 million and a brand row.
This is a seven-digit increase over last year, with a sustained “double growth” in brand values and rankings. We recognize that innovation drives development, high-end assistive brands, and liquid gold tyres demonstrate the continued power of companies in research and development, manufacturing, products, marketing, etc.
Profit projection and investment rating: we expect the company to earn \triangleright \triangleright in 2024-2026, respectively
Zhang Yinsheng, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Financial Sciences, Beijing University, and seven years of experience in the management of the China Chemical Group.
In July 2022, YOYU, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials from Nakayama University, Master of Audit from the Central University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for partial and non-consensual research, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.