The biggest growing business, retail strategy, has been steadily moving forward.
Annual reports issued by companies: net profit returns increased by 16.48 per cent in 2019 (16.22 per cent in the previous three quarters) and by 6.06 per cent in the previous three quarters (7.14 per cent in the previous three quarters). Annually weighted rose13.10 per cent (15.69 per cent in the previous three quarters), an increase of 79bp in the same year.
Shortening interest differentials were mainly affected by lower returns on investment-type assets in interest-bearing assets. Under us, loan returns were difficult to keep steady, with annual returns falling by only 1 bp compared to the first half of the year, which largely benefited from higher individual lending prices.
Loans have grown faster, at a year-on-year rate of 24.07 per cent and 15.39 per cent. • There is room for improvement in the cost of liabilities, aum strategic strength, although the annual cost of deposits has increased by 2 bp over the first half of the year, depending on the average balance of the year.
The absorption of individual time deposits has been delayed by a sharp increase in the value of individual time deposits, and low-cost self-savings have been slow to increase in the second half of the year. But if the number of time points is examined, the increase in personal time deposits in the second half of the year has decreased, and personal demand deposits have expanded faster than in the second half of the year. Our guess is that the company adjusted its deposit strategy at the end of the year, increasing the intake of personal time deposits.
The issue of savings costs will be addressed as retail transitions take place. Companies began to expand aum in 2019, up to a high rate of growth in their clients. Managing revenue from financial operations has become a major driver of all-office fees. Managing property balances rose to 13.60 per cent at the end of the year, with double-digit growth again in two years.
At the end of the year, the negative rate rose by 0.86%, and the ring increased by 3bp, but the same rate remained the same. The company increased the provision for nursing back, with 389% coverage, and the ring dropped by 2 pct. The level of the provision remained at the forefront of the industry.
From 0.70 per cent in the first half of the year to 0.89 per cent. Because of the low absolute level of public badness, small fluctuations have limited impact on the overall quality of capital.
The firm's core advantage is to use a large number of proxy outlets to increase lending and raise loan balances for profit. The loan ratio of 219q4 was 53.41%, and the ring ratio was 52bp, up four quarters in a row.
Adjustments, non-targeting results in a slower increase in asset yields, but this is only a phased effect of the transition process. Corporate fundamentals are generally well established, with financial indicators gradually being optimized in old and new business turnover. Double-digit profits are high, long and stable.
Since March, a share price has been stagnated by block sentiment, which is now down to 1.14, for studies on the direction of banking and non-banking. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, which ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,