Silver International Securities and Wise Investment Corporation research awhollyowned subdiaryofchinamerchantsbank, Postal Savings Bank of China (601658ch)
At a time when the outbreak of new coronary pneumonia poses a challenge to the banking environment, we believe that the reserve bank will show good defensiveness. At the same time, the extensive network layout and vast customer resources can stimulate its profit potential.
Sun Ming, cfa creates a solid liability base and continuously optimizes the asset structure to consolidate the rim advantage. The reserve bank’s unique “self-employed-agent” model makes storage low and stable, with deposit balances accounting for more than 95% of the liability.
Since 2017, the banking sector has become more competitive, and the reserve bank’s edge over the five major banks has widened. The bank is a net lender of money in the business market, thus putting some pressure on Nim by falling market interest rates in the near future, but expanding its future Nim by raising its credit ratio and increasing its high-yield consumer-type credit allocation.
If the central bank lowers the base deposit rate, the reserve bank will benefit significantly. Reductions of 10 bp and 5 bp, respectively, according to our calculations, fixed-term and current deposit rates can boost the bank’s rim and net profit rates by 8.5 bp and 3.0%.
▪ The quality of assets is healthy and potentially low. The Bank’s core asset quality indicators are excellent, poor loan rates are only 0.83 per cent, provision coverage is as high as 391 per cent, and interest and late loan rates are the lowest among comparable peers. We believe that the quality of the Bank’s healthy assets is due mainly to: 1) retail loans account for 54.3 per cent.
Low-risk mortgages account for 61.5 per cent of these loans; 2) have a short history of business, with fewer poor lending left over from previous credit cycles; and 3) have limited access to credit for high-risk industries. Thus, even with the effects of the epidemic, the Postal Bank is able to maintain a low level of undergeneration below that of its counterparts.
As of 1h19, there were 39,680 outlets in the Postal Bank, including 7,945 self-employed sites and 31,735 proxy sites. The total number of retail customers was 589 million (627 million in business banks).
Increased network service capacity, enhanced customer penetration, and enhanced technology applications will be the main drivers of profit growth. The industry’s 1h19 handling fees represent only 6.6% of the revenue generated, and it is also a sign that there is significant room for improvement in middle-level business.
The bank should have a higher valuation premium than the five major lines for resilient nim and lower asset quality risks.
Figure 5: Business sites and number of employees (1h19)