The key year of the reform, the acceleration of the wine, the review of the Shansi wine incident, the Shansi wine.
On 1 March 2018, the Company announced that the Shareholders Assembly had passed a bill to consider the transfer of the Shanxi Liquor portion of the Liquor Agreement to Fan Ki-Wing (Hong Kong) Limited.
S148017001: Breaking ground in four key markets: Shanxi, Kyunzu, Rushi, Ninmon and Shaanxi
Exhibitions; marketing of products in the middle of the two belts, leading to a 50 per cent or more distribution b/h (millions of shares) high growth, a steady and 35 per cent growth of the bouncing and a boost to the hips of old whites and businesses
Liquor growth; Channel Control Terminals have grown from 20,000 to 170,000 at the beginning of the year, achieving 2. Together, improve marketing management.
The Board structure for effective checks and balances; upgrading the management and operation of listed companies; optimizing the talent structure; and filling the marketing gap. Hua-Yun is a flagship for Chinese consumer goods, leading the industry in such consumer goods as snowflake beer, e-Bay, Hua-Yun-Feng, Hua-Yun-Huan, etc.
And that's exactly what the wine needs, and the resource synergies that will emerge from the collaborative effort will gradually turn Shanxi's wine into a market-oriented product.
The year 2018 will be a crucial period for the company to further its reforms, and the company will strive to accelerate progress on the full scale of 1, " Shanxi wine (60809): Reformed high growth " , with three-year targets to be completed in two years.
After its integrated operation, the division focused on the sale of bamboo leaves, striving to double from 200 million to 400 million,2 Shanxi Liquor (60809): the low performance period has grown. In 2018, the company changed its communication strategy to further promote the marketing of its products culturally.
3 Shanxi Liquor (60809): Stock clean-up phase Base continuously adjusted income structure to accelerate return through high growth outside the province.
4 Shanxi Liquor (60809): Looking forward to “a critical period for the transformation of the New World Think Company, with new changes in product structure and cost inputs from the tariff system” 2014-10-28.
The shift to cost-based optimization and the combination of China and China may lead to high growth in the out-of-town market.
The M.A. holds a first degree in finance from the University of Durant, England, and a double degree from the Beijing University of Aeronautics and Space.
China Agricultural University-California University, Berkeley, jointly trains a PhD in agricultural economics management. Joined the East Hing Securities and Investment Department in 2015 to analyze its own research views.
Our company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of any change in the information and proposals contained therein. We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
Transactions, which may also provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products to these companies, etc.