In the evening of 4 February, the Shanxi Liquor announcement announced that the company's controlling stockholders' rum group would be offered $5.16 billion in a negotiated transfer to Hua Ying-Wing (Hong Kong) Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as " Hong Kong" )
The sum of 9.15 million shares of Shanxi wine, representing 11.45% of the total stock of the listed company, was transferred. The price per share of the bid was $52.04, while the price of Shanxi wine was 67 dollars per share before the January 20 stop date.
Prior to the transfer, 69.97% of Shanxi Liquor shares were held by the Liquor Group and, after the change in interest, the share was reduced to 58.52%, the first shareholder in a listed company, with a combined share of 59.22% of its co-operators, and the effective control of the listed company remains the Shanxi State Finance Committee.
Hua Yun Yee will be the second-largest shareholder of Shanxi Liquor, with Hua Yui Yui indirectly holding the shares of Hua Yun Entrepreneurship Ltd. (Hong Kong) holding 80.62% of the shares and another of its indirect shareholders being the joint share fund (Cayman) and the Liquor Group no longer transferring the shares of Shanxi Liquor to third parties for five years, according to the Government.
Market data: Except for the transfer of shares by statute of 19 January 2018.
For institutional, operational, and other reasons, company sales have not been fully nationalized, and have been relegated to the second echelons as “local players.” The company began to try to make a shift in 2014, with its performance at first sight in 2015, with a sustained recovery in 2016 and the official launch of the state-owned reforms in 2017.
More than 70% of state-owned holdings may affect the institutional, institutional, and remodelling of Shanxi. With China’s entry, the Group will maintain a share ratio of more than 50%.
Liquor, food, beverage, three major plates, with a company listed in Hong Kong, Hua Yun's beer, and a number of well-known brands, including snowflakes, wines, foods, and iPo's beverages. At the same time, Hua Yu's internationalization of its vision and experience with M & A integration will create a strong union and complementarity of strengths with the wine.
The governance structures, decision-making systems and incentives are more scientific and are conducive to improving the market-oriented competitiveness of companies, prompting them to move quickly towards the strategic goal of leapfrogging and doing better, and eventually becoming the leading internationally influential listed company in the white industry.
Annual performance announcements are expected to raise the company’s net profit on the company’s shareholdings to 2.42 per cent in 2017, which is expected to slow down the profit growth rate. At the end of November 2017, the company’s sales company’s Saffron Series (para. 4), and the old company’s profit growth rate were expected to slow down.
11 products of the White Dry Series (7 items) have been shut down, and we believe that: first, the 2017 target has been set and may have been completed in order to control the pace of the market and make room for two years of future development; second, to create an environment for future price increases for products. And, according to information from the 2017 distributors' conference, the wine is 17.4.
Quarterly official presentation of the “three steps and two steps, three years of mission”, group alcohol revenues are expected to hit 10 billion in 2018, listed companies are expected to earn about 9 billion, listed companies are expected to increase their revenues by 40 per cent, mixed ownership joint ventures continue, and 2018 power suppliers are expected to start up faster and grow faster out of the country.
In December 2017, Fujian and six companies established a marketing company called "1+3+3" which focuses on traditional markets such as deep-farming in the province and the western circle of the mountains, and which can promote development outside the province by adopting a relatively flexible mix of ownership models for other vulnerable markets.
This is the third blending company at the marketing level, following the creation in 2014 of the Liquor Creative Liquor Corporation and in 2015 of the Shanghai Almond Village Liquor Company Limited. At the same time, according to media reports, the rum will increase its support for electricity businesses, with mixed ownership in the course of the year.
It creates an independent power company that works with major power providers on behalf of the unification of the rum. It can create potentials, develop together on-line, and improve the competitiveness of the wine.
The year is a two-headed growth rate. The profit is five cents, the lower end opens up into space, and the year is a year of estimated steady growth (of which the golden prize is expected to grow by more than 30%; the bogus is expected to grow by 40% or more. The year 2018 is a challenging and tested year, and the company has already started six-quarters ahead of schedule.
In the future, it will be high, medium-end increment, and stable. Investment advice and profit projections. We think Shanxi will continue the upward trend.
To its strong branding power, provincial economic recovery, deep-seated mix and sub-high-end liquor.