On February 3rd, 2018, the Liquor Group signed shares with Hua Ying-Wing, Hua-Yun Entrepreneurship and the Federation and the Foundation.
The transfer agreement, the group intends to transfer 11.45% of the Shanxi wine (60809.ch/PRC 65.42, bought) in the form of an agreement transfer, to Hwang-Wing Hua. The Shanxi Wine State will reform the city and bring in a heavyweight war. The Chinese Yun-jin shares are expected to create a clear synergy with the wine.
We've maintained a 17-year profit forecast, which is (1) February 2, 2018, the company received notification from the controlling shareholder of the progress of the transfer of the Shanxi Liquor portion of the stock, and a strategic investment in the transfer of the Shanxi Liquor shares held by the Liquor Group.
On 3 March, the Consortium signed an agreement with the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland on the transfer of shares in the sum of 99,154,497 shares of the Shanxi wine held by the Consortium in the form of an agreement for the transfer of shares in the sum of 99,154,497 shares of the Shanxi wine.
Wise, transfer cost $52.04. In 60 months, there will be no transfer or entrusting to others. After the transfer, the stockholding rate will drop from 69.97% to 58.52%.
Overachievement, excellent performance and market value. According to a 17-year marketing convention, the reform of the company will revolve around: (a) institutional reform, the group ' s tightness, the group ' s mixed ownership reform, and the group ' s high-quality assets, using the company ' s name as a platform.
Strategic investors in Dao’s pursuit of investment and intelligence. (3) Explore the implementation of equity incentives, management ownership.
The introduction of heavyweight battles and the country's transformation into a new city are expected to be followed by other reforms in 2018-2019.
The Hua Yunsing Unit is expected to have a clear synergy with the wine. (1) Hua Yun Entrepreneurship has a food drink, the three-quarter review of Shanxi Liquor: system dividends are released, and there are a lot of business experience and success stories in the field.
The cycle goes up, and every adjustment is an opportunity to buy. 2017.10.26 is more than 26%, and mushroom tactics become a classic textbook case.
There are also a large number of consumer-related companies, including in the fields of medicine, retail trade, etc. So, on the one hand, over-expected 2017.8.28 Huayun can provide valuable strategic advice and, on the other hand, can share relevant channels.
(2) In the long run, the Hua Yun Group, as a large company, can provide a higher level of development platform for wine.
As the reforms move forward, we judge that there is a great deal of room for improvement in the performance of the wine. (1) The brand base of the wine is very deep, and the market value, income size and brand status do not match. (2) The market around the mountain is large, there is a lack of strong white brands, there is a lot of room for growth. (3) In terms of product and regional characteristics, there is a lot of room for growth.
In-depth report by Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd., "System dividend release, return of Qing Xiang Xiang Qiang and lift again for 18 years." This transfer of shares locks regularly for up to five years, also shows China's confidence in the long-term development of wine.
The volatility of coal prices has affected the demand for white wine in Shanxi Province, and high targets have led to pressure from channels and an increase in stocks.