Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco has slowed slightly in the fourth quarter, and it is expected that this year will continue to be the year's high-profile event: on 29 January, the company issued an advance notice of its performance: in 2017, the company expected to return.
The lower-than-expected profits in the fourth quarter may be related to the company ' s control rhythm.
In addition to the recognition of consumer taxes on ready-made products, there are companies that have made a comprehensive incentive reform, and a large salesman bonus is included in the fee. Overall, we estimate the total equity/flow (million shares)
In four quarters alone, income grew by about 30 per cent, and profits were flat, i.e. near the firm’s forecasted ceiling level. Total market value/flow (millions of dollars) was expected to continue with high growth in 2018, with a one-quarter opening period.
The Group's annual Liquor Business Target of $10 billion. The last time the Group had 10 billion in revenue, the company also reported that income growth continued at a high rate, that profit-players meetings were held, and that the venue for the conference, which was then chosen in Xiamen, was no doubt a sign of commitment.
Sex Evolution - 2017/10/25 Reported: Performance exceeded expectations and elasticity remained difficult to accomplish the task of “three steps and two steps, three-year assignments and two-year assignments”
Large - 2017/08/28 Performance forecast: Reported performance higher than expected. According to research sources, in 2017 many dealers completed their corporate full-year assignments ahead of schedule
Continued high elasticity in the future - 2017/07/18 - Control of company shipments at the end of the year and maintenance of channel stock at a low level; combined with the fact that spring 2018 is less time-consuming, more dealers will be able to make payments to confirm the 2018 statement.
At the same time, in 2017, the company increased its prices for the Saffron, Saffron, and Botanium series of products, which are lower than in the first quarter of 2017, with a much higher average in the first quarter of 2018. On the basis of the above, we believe that this first quarter of the year is expected to show a higher rate of growth than the year-round, and that the company is expected to do so.
The company will either introduce a pitch, the country will change the pace, and on the night of January 19, the company will issue a stop notice, and the group is planning a major event that may involve a change in the shares of the company held on the market.
Momentum. In our judgement, this suspension or reform of State enterprises for the group level is highly likely to lead to an appropriate reduction in equity that does not affect the control of listed companies, and is likely to lead to further improvements in public and private governance, as well as to a more streamlined system of human incentives.
Listed companies have taken on important missions as group themes. In the past, listings have been slower for institutional reasons, and many potential market demands have not been met.
Growth is expected to continue in 2018. In addition, the longer spring season of the first quarter of 2018 and a marked rise in the price of the plant are expected to be opened again.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.