Shanxi Liquor (600809.sh) is expected to grow faster in 2018 by introducing Joo-Yun into the city.
Companies are expected to grow at a rapid pace in their out-of-town operations, with high performance announcements, high-end white wine market performance, net profits forecast for the company, a national layout using the China-Lin Group Super Pipeline. The beneficiary industries are up and up the year: prior to the launch of the company’s 2017 performance forecast increase.
It is expected that the net profit on the net return to the shareholders of listed companies will be between $42.5 million and $163 million by 2017, together with the disclosure of information on the overperformance of the entire year, the partial product controls of the four quarters, etc.
The slowdown was mainly due to the fact that the company ' s sales costs were higher than in the same period last year (in the fourth quarter of 2016, only China became the second largest shareholder, and it was expected to begin with a nationwide layout: on February 5, the company issued a public announcement that the Liquor Group would transfer $5.16 billion to China at an agreed rate of $5.16 billion (Hong Kong)
The company is the first largest company in the company, and on the last day of the deal before the stop, Shanxi wine is sold at a price of $65.42.
The price is $52.04 and the transfer discount is about 20%. As a result of a recent agreement between the CDRC on the price of white wine, the white wine industry has more options, and the market price is now similar to the concession price.
There are three main sections of beverage, with a company listed in Hong Kong, Hua Yun's beer, and a number of well-known brands, such as snowflake beer, 5 Fulfilled foods, and Ebel's beverages. This country's business has changed to an important component of the Sanxi company reform, while the share of sales is currently around 6:4 in the west and out of the province of Liquor.
With the company re-routing and the completion of the blending, the company is expected to take advantage of the Lihua-Yuan National Business Super Pipeline, and the company is moving toward a national layout. Taken together, sales outside the province will break down when the medium-to-high-end white industry can maintain a better view.
Looking ahead, the performance in 2018 is expected to sustain high growth: the company is a Qingixiang brand with two brands: Qing Liquor, Bamboo-Ying, the second-high-end white wine market in 2017, the sales volume of the Division is growing at a high rate, and the Saffron series is expected to grow by more than 40%.
According to information, the Group’s alcohol business hit the $10 billion target in 2018 and is expected to maintain high growth in 2018 against the backdrop of a continuing industry climate. As a result of the late spring of 2018, dealers’ reserve receipts are expected to be higher in the first quarter of the year.
The expected remuneration (expected return; er) is as follows: