Shanxi wine, 4q17 rice, 1q18 with a high probability of opening the door, Shanxi wine announcement, based on initial calculations by the Treasury Department, is expected to increase the mother's net profit by about 2.42 per year in 2017.
In the first quarter of 18 years, the probability of opening doors is high. Industry is getting better, channels are being adjusted, and the dividends of state enterprise reform are being released faster. Reform of state enterprises will continue in 2018.
4-quarter control, confirmed conservative performance and high probability of opening doors in 1-year-olds. (1) According to the Shanxi daily newspaper, in 2017, the liquor group increased its income by more than 36 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Q. (1) The high-test goal and the reform measures taken by countries such as the Cabinet hiring system led to the release of the 2017 institutional dividend. (2) Sub-products, according to our grass-roots research, the 2017 gold prize has turned to economic recovery in the provinces, government efforts have shifted to the economy, and demand has been restored in the provinces.
The information, “three steps and two steps, three years to complete the three-year mission”, is expected to hit 10 billion in 2018, with more than 40% of the revenue expected to rise in listed companies.
As the size of the revenue increases, we judge that advertising investment will grow slower than revenue, while 18 years of collage will help to increase the efficiency of the use of funds, and sales costs are expected to fall. Reform of state enterprises will continue in 2018.
The Group Mixed Ownership Reform Framework Programme has been formally approved and is expected to continue in 2018 with reforms, including overall group-level reforms, executive and sales team incentives. On 26 January 2018, the company received a report from the Liquor Group on the progress of the transfer of shares in the Shanxi Liquor sector.
According to the circular, the Liquor Group Company intends to transfer a portion of the shares held in Shanxi wine, in accordance with the relevant provisions, in order to introduce strategic investors into the company, and the volatility of coal prices affects the demand for white wine in Shanxi Province, with high targets leading to pressure on the channel and an increase in stocks.
On January 29, 2018, the market price was used as the standard.
Qualified for portfolio investment consultancy, Yu Xiang Liang*