The day-to-day consumption of food, beverages and tobacco, the introduction of Hua-yun as a battle pitch, long-term synergism.
Let's make a transfer of $52.04/share, with a total transfer of $5.16 billion.
Since 2017, when the Liquor Group became a pilot business in San Francisco, the reform of the wine industry has continued to outpace market expectations. According to company performance forecasts, in 2017, the company is expected to realize a net return profit of between 71 and 831 million.
The General Assembly, recalling the $10 billion target of 2018 for the Group Liquor Business. The introduction of the company as a war pitch is another indication of the firm’s determination to push forward the country’s transformation.
Hua Ying-Wing is a company owned by Hua-Yun, with long-term synergies, China Ying-Wing is a controlling subsidiary of China-Ying, Inc., and China-Yun Enterprises Ltd. is a consumable product of the China-Yun Group.
The 12-month maximum/minimum operating unit and the strategic business module for retail services, which comprises three large plates of beer, food, and drink. The beer business, China Snowflake Beers Ltd., is China's largest berth.
Samsi Liquor (60809), Fourth Quarter Growth, Wine Production and Marketing, China’s market share is more than 26%. We believe there is a slowdown in the introduction, and it is hoped that this year will continue to be the year.
As a strategic investor, Hua Yin-Wil has multiple advantages for listed companies. On the one hand, rum -- 2018/01/30 -- can complement the advantages of high-quality sources of resources under the auspices of the Huayun Group to help listed companies.
Shanxi's three seasons of 2017 have achieved coverage of the weaker markets; on the other hand, the Hua-Yun Group ranks among the top 500 companies in the world.
Eighty-six persons, with a vision of globalization and years of experience in fast-moving management, are expected to be placed on board in the future, with sex gradually emerging - 2017/10/25, which will help to improve the efficiency of the management of listed companies and create a set of long-term development mechanisms for listed companies.
In January 2018, the market was better and one quarter was expected to open again.
It's still low. And the spring of 2018 has a longer season, and, according to January's research, the company's products are well marketed. In 2017, the department has made a number of increases in prices for a series of flower, old white and bologna products, which were produced in the first quarter of 2018.
The average price of goods has risen considerably. Taking into account the changes in the prices of the company's products and the factors of spring season, we believe that the company's performance is expected to increase at a higher rate than the year-round in the first quarter of this year, and the company is expected to do so again.
It's not too difficult to realize its potential to achieve the growth target of 2018. With this launch, we believe that listed companies are more of a long-term development concern. By introducing an enterprise with a global vision and years of fast-discharge experience, it will help listed companies to build up their long-term effectiveness.
The development of mechanisms to lay the foundation for long-term healthy development and return to the white wine camp, which has been re-established in our view, with the recent interview by the CDRC with a number of white wine companies, has had a certain retrenchment in the industry, which has led to a much larger return of the white wine plate in the near future.
The market valuation of white wine listing companies may be more rational, with investment returns of 75.3 dollars higher, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.