China’s largest Idm semiconductor started a windfall in 2019, receiving $5.74 billion, a decrease of 8.42 billion in the same year; China’s net profit of $206 million, a decrease of 36 per cent in the same year. 2020 q1 yuan, an increase of 16.5 per cent in the same year;
The non-net profit is US$90 million, which is a loss of the same year, with a 21% increase in the ring. The company’s Māori ratio of 2019q3,q4 and 2020q1, respectively, is 25.4%, 24.0%, 24.9%, and is robust. The company’s performance is as expected, and it looks forward to being the largest semiconductor of the country’s idm model.
Long-term development of the Department’s leading position: total equity/flow (millions of shares) The largest Idm semiconductor enterprise in the country
Total market value/flow (millions of yuan) is China's leading semiconductor enterprise with the capacity to operate the entire industrial chain, such as chip design, crystal round manufacturing, seal testing, product focus on power semiconductors, intelligent sensors and so on.
Top 12 months/lowest control area. According to data from the Chinese Semiconductor Association, companies ranked 10th in the list of semiconductors in China in 2018 and top 10 companies in terms of sales.
According to Chinese semiconductor industry association statistics for 2018, the company is China’s largest power plant. In the power semiconductor sector, many of the company’s products are in the country’s performances and processes.
Among them, mosfet is one of the most important products of the company, which is the most profitable and full-blown mosfet manufacturer in the country.
The company is back-to-back with a well-developed industrial chain layout that focuses on power semiconductors, smart sensors, and intelligent control. Clients cover a number of end-use areas such as consumer electronics, industry, power sources, etc., and are able to withstand industrial cycle fluctuations.
The company is ranked third in China’s mosfet market, after two international companies, England and Ansommy, and is the largest mosfet manufacturer in mainland China. • Investment proposal: maintain a “buy-in” rating.