The Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) reports an over-expected performance in a quarterly report, which replaces or will accelerate national production The company issues its annual report in 2019 and its first quarterly report in 2020: $5.74 billion in operating income in 2019.
This represents a decrease of 8.4 per cent over the same period; the realization of the parent ' s net profit of RMB 40 million, a decrease of 6.7 per cent over the same period, achieved business income of RMB 1.38 billion in the first quarter of 2020, an increase of 16.5 per cent over the same period, and the return ' s net profit of RMB 110 million, an increase of 632 per cent over the same period. The performance in 2019 was in line with expectations, with the first quarter of 2020 showing an overperformance in the market.
Full costing of expenditures. High-intensity R & D inputs have produced a number of results: the development of multilayers of overstretched 650-700v technology platforms has been completed and the mainstream market, such as fast chargers, adapters, lighting and power power sources.
Several products have been introduced: completion of the development and appraisal of the jbs device products in 1200v, 650vsic, and the idm model semiconductor taps, sent to clients for trial, etc. We believe that high-intensity sustained R & D inputs will enhance the technological advantages of the company.
“Inherent + Outlier”, further transition to integrated product companies: in 2019, the company's share of products and programmes rose from 42.8 per cent in 2018 to 43.8 per cent in core power products, where the company extends the chip out and integrates the semiconductor power unit encapsulation test, and strengthens the company's capacity by half.
At the same time, the company will clearly explore, through M & A, the targets of higher product and programme capability in the application of “electric + battery + power” and will also be active in downstream applications such as networking of layouts, industrial controls, and car electronics.
It will speed up its transition to an integrated product company. One quarter is over-expected, national production will either be replaced or accelerated: corporate performance in the first quarter of 2020 will rise in the long run, and the Māori rate will rise from 22.8% in 2019 to 24.9%.
During the second half of 2019, the climate recovered and the crop rate was high, while the company benefited from a sharp increase in anti-epidemic equipment, chips, and mcu demand. The slowdown in the economy caused the end demand to fall or to be reflected in three or four quarters: at the same time, some of the overseas plants stopped working, while the domestic epidemic slowed down, or accelerated power half-lives.
Since the demand for a quarter is more than expected, we judge the company under the epidemic or the country's production to replace it.
The risk of an increased new crown epidemic: the risk of overexploitation of production capacity; the risk of technological backwardness of corporate products; the risk of high volatility in the valuation of creative panels: the risk of stock restrictions; and an analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment