Short-term performance pressure will continue to benefit from the replacement dividend of national production in the long term.
The Māori rate is 22.84 per cent (-2.36 pct). Of this amount, the manufacturing and service plate generated revenue of $3.184 billion, which was affected by exchange rate fluctuations and generated a total exchange gain or loss of $20 million in 2019 (the exchange gain or gain - $38 million for the same period in the previous year), an increase of $58 million over the exchange gain or loss of the same period in the previous year.
q1 operations are not affected by the epidemic, but they are under pressure throughout the year. q1 companies are not affected by the epidemic, with an increase in revenue of $1,382 million (+16.53 per cent) and a Māori rate of 24.92 per cent. But, throughout the year, the global epidemic has led to a global economic recession risk, a decline in end demand and demand.
2,578 domestic patent applications, 399 international patent applications for pct and 291 offshore patent applications; major core technologies include sbd design and process technology, photo-coupling and sensor series, chip design and manufacturing technology, and bcd process technology; and research projects include sic, silicon-kigan, etc.
Increased corporate R & D inputs help to upgrade autonomous innovation capabilities and R & D, further strengthen product and technology leadership, and increase the competitiveness of the company ' s market.
In the long run, companies will continue to benefit from downstream demand upgrading and import substitution dividends. In the long run, the global semiconductor industry of the Capital Building SMS Ltd. is undergoing a process of transfer to mainland China, encouraged and facilitated by national industrial policies and dynamic social capital.
Domestic firms continue to upgrade their R & D capabilities through autonomous development, master new technologies, introduce new products, take up market shares, and achieve import substitution. In the future, as new technologies such as networking, 5g communications, artificial intelligence, etc., mature, the upgrading of industries in the semiconductor industries, such as consumer electronics, industrial controls, automobiles, etc., accelerates the process of industrial upgrading in major downstream manufacturing industries.
There will be new opportunities for growth in the industry. As the leading domestic semiconductor with the capacity to operate as an integrated whole industry, such as chip designs, crystal-crystal manufacturing, seal testing, etc., through autonomous R & D, companies have access to core technologies with autonomous intellectual property rights (IPRs) in such business areas as mosfet products and igbt devices, most of which are home-grown, and are expected to continue to benefit from alternative dividends from national production in the future.