One quarter's performance reversed, benefiting from a long-term “new infrastructure” and a new energy vehicle development $US 688396.sh, a decrease of 6.68 per cent in the same year; the company's net profit, except for recurrent gains and losses, was $206 million, a decrease of 35.97 per cent in the same year.
The fall in crystal manufacturing revenue affected the performance of the 2019th battalion, with 20q1th battalion growing at a reverse rate: the company achieved a fall of $5,743 million in 2019, a decline of 8.42% in comparison. The fall was mainly due to the down-cycle of the global semiconductor industry, which reduced the income from the crystal manufacturing of manufacturing and service plates. The net return was $401 million, a decrease in the same proportion.
6.68% decrease, slightly less than the increase in revenue, largely due to the fact that the net profit performance was partially increased by $239 million in government subsidies received in the current period to account for other gains and gains; Except for recurrent gains and losses, the net interest earned by companies was $206 million, representing a decrease of 35.97%. Companies achieved $1.382 billion in the first quarter of the year, an increase of 16.53% compared to 16.53%, mainly as a result of the gradual upturn in the industry climate and the impact of the epidemic on the company.
q1 Māori has a low base, with companies increasing their Māori rate by 8.72 percentage points in the same year in 2020. Sustained investment in R&D, with technology breakthroughs contributing to long-term growth: corporate revenues declined in 2019 but continued to invest in R&D, amounting to $483 million, an increase of 7.30 per cent over the year.
and the introduction of several products to mainstream markets such as fast chargers, adapters, lighting and power power sources; (2) the entry of the igbt product into the field of industrial control, with sales up by 45 per cent on a par with Piti; (3) the development of sic power devices and the completion of the development and appraisal of products for 1200v, 650vjbs and their delivery to clients for trial; and the completion of the first phase of the pilot production line in 6 inches of jbs. (4) the company's research and development of ghemt devices has broken through the design of the gan device, and the primary static parameters of the 600v silicon lined device have been largely met.
The company's full-scale breakthroughs in high-pressure products, igbt, sic, gan, in addition to its research and development inputs, have benefited from the integrated idm business model, compared to the availables, King Satyu.
Vendors, companies, will accumulate more in the R & D and production stages, with faster product rotation and stronger production-line capacity. > Long-term benefits from “new infrastructure”, new energy vehicle development, short-term epidemic opportunities for supply chain re-engineering: 5g, data centre, artificial intelligence, 150051990003 under “new infrastructure”
At the same time, with the global demand for energy efficiency and environmental protection, new energy vehicles are growing. After years of growth, companies have accumulated a series of product lines in such product areas as power semiconductors, which can provide a rich product and system solution to customers.
The company is one of the most comprehensive power-discriminating software manufacturers of domestic product lines, which are rich enough to meet the differentiated needs of different customers in different downstream markets and in the same segmented market. In the short run, as the overseas epidemic spreads, the world’s major plants are cut off.
Production will provide domestic producers with an opportunity to reshape the supply chain, and national substitution is expected to accelerate further.cindasecuritiesco.,ltd House No. 1 of 9 Downtown West Side Street, Beijing
China’s leading semiconductor enterprises with the ability to integrate the entire industrial chain, such as chip designs, crystal-crystal manufacturing, sealing tests, product accumulation, focusing on power semiconductors, smart sensors, and smart controls, provide customers with rich semiconductor products and systems solutions. In the long run, companies are expected to benefit from deeper benefits as “new infrastructure” and new energy vehicles develop.
Take a look at the company ' s leading position in the power semiconductor market. Risk factors: under-research and development of products; under-research and development; industry cyclicality and income volatility.
Figure 4: R & D costs since 2016 in Hua Yunwa (millions of yuan) Figure 6: The turnover rate since 2016 in Hua Yui Yui Yui has been in competition since 2016, with close to five and a half years of experience in the conductor industry at Xian Electronics University, experience in overseas work such as Texas instruments, familiarity with semiconductors and consumer electronics chains.
In 19 the third place in the new wealth electronics industry; in 18/19, Crystalball 2/3 in the electronics industry; and in 18/19, Gold Bull Award 3/2 in the electronics industry. Wang Saitama, Master of Finance, Beijing University of Foreign Languages.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.