The Agricultural Bank reported a performance rating for the semi-annual period 2025.
Net gains recovered at a rate of return, and the downward pressure eased the anti-feeding profit: 2025h1, the company achieved business income of RMB 3,69.937 billion, an increase of 0.9 per cent in the same year, the net profit of the mother of RMB 1,395.1 billion, an increase of 2.7 per cent in the same year, an increase of one quarter, and annual roe of 10.16 per cent, a decrease of 0.59 pt in the same quarter.
q2 +1.4 per cent of the year, net profits + 3.2 per cent of the year, achieving marginal improvements. Performance growth benefits mainly from optimized cost of liabilities, positive growth in the rate of recovery, and provision for stress mitigation of counter-bullying profits. 2025h1, CZ 1
The cost of indebtedness has improved significantly and the county advantage has been strong: 2025h1, net corporate interest income of 282,473 million yuan, representing an increase of 31,90 trillion yuan, or 5.3 per cent from the beginning of the year, of which 95.8 per cent was recorded in the district deposits.
The wealth management performance was impressive, with agent revenue rising by 62.3 per cent, aum size of $23.68 trillion, compared with a rate of 1.70 per cent for individual loans and 300 per cent for relatively deep credit card failures due to volatility in business loans and credit card risks.
11.11 per cent capital adequacy at the core level and sufficient capital security margins. Investment proposal: positioning of companies as “Service Village Revitalization Lead Bank” and “Service Entity Economic Main Bank”, full implementation of the three strategies of “Three Agricultures for Inclusiveness, Green Finance, Digital Business”, based on the financial advantages of the Toto District and
Low-cost access to finance at the end of the debt has continued to increase interest-rate resilience. The transformation of wealth management has accelerated, with increases in revenue, long-movement restoration, consolidation of assets with robust overall asset quality, adequate provision and capital, and strong performance growth. The red rate has stabilized at 30% in mid-2025. Together with company fundamentals and stock price elasticity, we maintain "pull."
Figure 1: Agricultural bank revenue collection, net gains and speed of increase Figure 2: Agricultural bankroe Figure 3: Agricultural bank net interest income and speed of increase
Figure 4: Net interest differentials and negative returns/cost rates on agricultural banks, Figure 5: Size and acceleration of agricultural bank loans, Figure 6: Scale and rate of increase of agricultural banks ' public and retail loans
Figure 7: Agricultural Bank loan structure, Figure 8: Agricultural Bank Retail Loans at Year-on-Year Increase, Figure 9: Size and Growth of Agricultural Bank Deposits
Figure 10: Agricultural bank deposit structure Figure 11: Size of agricultural bank property Figure 12: Agricultural bank aum
Figure 13: Non-interest, intermediate operating income and acceleration of agricultural banks, Figure 14: Other non-interest income, return on investment and acceleration of agricultural banks
Figure 16: Agricultural bank provision coverage Figure 15: Agricultural bank failure rate, loan-of-interest ratio Figure 17: Agricultural bank adequacy level
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the Galaxy securities at the date of their initial publication, which may be issued elsewhere than in the present report.