Marketization of rare earth concentrate pricing and significant growth in company performance 10 November 2022 Event: company issuing an indicative announcement to adjust sales patterns of rare earth concentrate, which was considered in advance
The Bill on Regulating the Prices of Pretzel Associated Transactions was considered by the Provisional Shareholders ' Assembly of the North on November 10th. If this review is not adopted, the company will, in accordance with the provisions of the law and the relevant national policies, sell rare earthly concentrates in public form, such as bidding, auctions, etc.
Conditions, modalities, price levels, quantity, etc., authorize corporate executives to combine a variety of factors, depending on the need for production operations.
If the review is not successful, the margin of rare earth concentrates will return to its fair value, i.e. sells by reference to the price of the imported United States mine.
The sales of rare earth concentrates at $760 million, with a sales volume of 133,000 tons, are equivalent to about 60,000/tonne. Given the higher grade of steel concentrates (20% of alluvials, 15% of imported minerals) and the average prices of four quarters are slightly higher than three quarters, we estimate that the market value of all steel concentrates is around $50,000/tonne.
Even if the price is priced in a competitive manner and in the open manner of the auction, the price model does not affect the customer relationship between the two parties.
A rare earth processing company of the same size (the Northern rare earth occupies the country's rare earth separation from each other & 20223 points: iron and steel are dragged down 70% of the quota), and the second is that even if the price of the auction is returned to the market at an approximate rate of fair value, it means it is not stored.
In terms of further price arbitrage, only refiners have the value of buying. Overall, performance is expected to increase with re-offer agreements. The main significance of this change in pricing model is marketization of mineral prices.
1) If the Northern rare earth review fails, the price of the refined minerals trade will continue to be raised by $13,000 (the previous bill contained a price of $37.23 million per ton), and the packaged steel shares (600010): 2022h1
A 20% increase (280,000 tonnes) in the steel business, with no change in cost, brought the net profit from the contribution of rare earth concentrates to around $5.5 billion in 2023.
2) If the review were adopted, the net profit from rare earth contribution would be $6.87 billion in 2023, the value of which would be revalued over time in the light of the rare earth attributes of the coining of steel. 1) Although the total profit volume is small in 23 years, as the quota increases, the future profits of rare earth are more flexible and the steel loss is greater than the loss of steel.
In order to stabilize (now at the worst of times), the net profits of the company grew faster than the volume. 2) And, as the share of steel income continued to decline, the relative impact of future iron and steel losses gradually faded, and the company’s rare earth attributes became more apparent. 3) Assuming sales grew by 20 per cent over 24 years, steel continued to grow by 20 per cent.
In the iron quarter, the company still loses around $1 billion, while total profits reach $747 million and $424 million, respectively, with better value for money. (4) In the long run, the company’s rare earth resource attributes are gradually reflected, thus maintaining the company’s “buy-in” rating.
Three financial forecasts of the steel stock holdings.