Major matter evaluation & 2022q3: Steel drags the whole 28 October 2022 Performance, re-arrangement of price swaps is expected to increase profits.
Research Assistant Wang Chinyan #Increased Product Price #Short Assets # Unperforming Event: Corporate Public Notice: Re-signing the Precious Earth Supply Contract with the North, proposed
From 1 July 2022, the price of the trade in rare earth concentrates was adjusted to $37230 per ton without taxes (dry, reo = 50 per cent), and the total volume of the trade in rare earth concentrates in 2022 was no more than 230,000 tons. The company’s iron and steel operations were held back. The difference in the purchase price was reduced due to the downfall of the q3 steel industry as a whole;
The company’s rare earth business is carried out on the basis of associated transactions, and prices and costs are fixed, so the reason for the slippage is that steel drags overall performance.
The associated transaction agreement was signed in June to raise the price of rare earth concentrates to $39189/t, but the enforcement price was still $26,887.2/t in January owing to the failure of the Northern rare earth shareholders’ conference; the current resign cost is $37,230/t, a drop of only $159/t.
With the newly signed prices, the company's rare earth business will increase in volume and value, and we measure the rare earth resource properties in 2022. The company has agreed with the Northern rare earth that the price of the rare earth is fixed quarterly, but the actual price increases in the past were one at a time, 2022.
It turns into a semi-annual, more frequent, and the company’s attributes as a rare-earth resource are gradually being realized. The B.E. owns the White Cloud Obo tailings bank, which has about 13,82 million tons of rare-treasuries, and is the second largest in the world.
" Packet steel shares (600010): 2022h1 Point: 35 million tons of earth-wrecked oxide reserves in the world " .
Iron and steel business: concern about the pace of recovery of demand. Poor demand performance as a result of the decline in real estate start-up, recurrent outbreaks around the country; lower average Māori in industry due to falling steel prices and persistently high costs.
Quarterly reviews: performance was delayed by the rise in the original fuel stock, supported by late workouts and the need for a reserve; there is still a need to follow up on the recovery in demand downstream of steel.
The company’s “buy-in” rating is maintained. Three financial projections for the steel stock are set out.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board