The pick-up rate has been rising, and the company's multiple products have continued to lead the market. The Ily shares reported a low price of milk in mid-2025. In the first half of 2025, the company made liquid milk production by going to stock and channels to comb it.
Prices and market shares of goods remain stable. Firms deepen their connections with upstream suppliers of raw material milk, promoting the upgrading of high-quality sources of milk; and strengthen partnerships with downstream distributors, reducing the stock levels of distributors and channels, keeping channels healthy and enhancing customer confidence.
The company's liquid milk industry received $36.26 billion, or 58.4 per cent of the total, in a combination of zero data from Nelson and a third-party star map.
In the reporting period, the market share of the company's lower-line retail outlets of warm and liquid milk was steady at the top of the industry; while maintaining the advantage of the off-line channels, the market share of the main electric power providers, such as Kyoto, Skycats, More Orchestra, shattering, etc., was first and the market share increased.
A step-by-step expansion of the end-point coverage, with the same increase in marketing rates; double-digit growth in retail sales of major power platforms; double-digit growth in corporate liquid milk 2b operations. Reverse growth in low-temperature products, “light” branding, leading to a double-digit increase in brand sales; new innovation, leading to an increase in low-temperature white-milk camps
More than 20% longer. High-end products such as "Anmush" walnut oats populose yogurt, using a four-story burial technique, solve the problem of the low survival rate of cerebral yogurt, raising the market share by 4.3 percentage points, and demonstrating strong technological R&D and market transformation.
The company’s inventory is effectively deactivated, one-season harvest is expected, the milk powder business continues to be in the lead, and the market expansion has been remarkable.
The same increase of 3.0 percentage points. The company limits the supply of scarce quality through the “gold crown”, the impact of the epidemic on the profits, the platform's strength, and, in conjunction with Beijing's co-founder of the same food product, expands the market for adult milk powder, and expands the market for adult milk powder.
The value of the period 2020-04-28 was 26.1 per cent, an increase of 1.8 percentage points from the previous year, and was the highest in the industry, highlighting the company ' s role in maternal and child development and its role in the "high base, with year-round success " .
In the field of adult nutrition, comprehensive competitiveness. " Income profits are higher than expected, with 500 billion people on a daily basis. " Cold drinks are widening the consumption landscape, with the share of retail sales on and off the line being the first in the industry.
Inner-cooling operations continue to optimize production and marketing rhythms, with excellent pipeline stock levels and rising customer confidence. Cold-drinking businesses collect $8,229 million/+12.39 per cent, representing 13.29 per cent of the total, and innovative products such as “ice plants” and eating ice cups have been successful in opening up the disy and leisure consumption scenes.
The first step in the internationalization of Hong Kong's market is to boost the competitiveness of the company by “wish 2030” and the strategic collaboration between the gold crown and Hong Kong's well-being retail chain brand, Vanning, to officially land on the Hong Kong market marks an important step in the internationalization of the company's infant and child nutrition business.
By the year, the whole dairy industry was first. In addition, the company has set up 81 production bases around the world, covering more than 60 countries, optimized supply chains and consumer insight through digital transformation, enhanced full-channel operations, and maintained its “very recommended” rating.
The whole problem is that the consumption of new products is not growing as much as expected.