Ely shares (600887/ch) 2q25 performed better than expected and liquid milk business was well developed; buy-in was more than expected in the first half of the year, and liquid milk business performed better than industry: 1h25 company ' s total operating income/discount
Profitability improved, with the Māori rate rising by 1.1 percentage points to 36.1 per cent in the first half of the year, benefiting mainly from the original milk cost dividend; cost-side controls were effective, and sales rates decreased significantly compared to the high base during the same period last year, releasing further profit space, with non-net interest rates increasing by 2.4 percentage points to the same ratio.
Businesses such as milk powdered milk products, with high value-added products, continue to support overall income growth. Companies have demonstrated business resilience, the share of the liquid milk market has stabilized, the current milk price cycle is still at the bottom, and further profit elasticity is expected to be unleashed if they do not reach the turning point.
The liquid milk business has grown steadily, and demand has not improved significantly since the last three quarters: the first half of the liquid milk business has shrunk in the first two quarters, and the overall performance is better than that of the industry. We estimate a slight drop in constant milk prices in the second quarter, a low temperature, a growth in the number of continuing units of milk.
In the short term, there was no significant improvement in demand in July or August, requiring close attention to supply and demand and price changes after two periods. Management believes that the second half of the year is expected to see the industry feed into infant powdering, and that the second half of the year is expected to unleash growth potential: the first half of the milk powder and dairy business earns revenue.
With 165.8 billion yuan, or a 14.3% increase in the same year, in infant powdering, companies have been able to expand their channels, including through live broadcasts, and are expected to unleash their growth potential in the second half of the year under subsidy incentives. Toc/tob operations in the first six months of the cheese business have been growing positively by 20% + each, with good room for growth.
The revenue from the cold drinks business was $8.23 billion, an increase of 12.4 per cent over the previous year, and double-digit growth.
Money, cfa Iri shares (600887/ch) Ili shares (600887/ch)
Iri shares (600887/ch) Ili shares (600887/ch)
On the 9th floor of Wan Yi Building, 68th in Hong Kong.