q2 performance has improved significantly, demonstrating a strong and resilient leadership, high income performance, and greater structural diversity. The company ' s q2 end of income has continued to grow, against a background of weak consumption in the first half of the year and a corresponding decline in dairy production of 0.30%.
The taste advantage of the drinking product partly replaced the packaging of liquid milk, resulting in a reduction in liquid milk consumption; the continued increase in infant powder and adult powder markets, which boosted the income from milk powder and dairy products; and the increase in cold drinks due to higher temperatures and higher consumer consumption will this summer.
Positively reducing efficiency gains, with a timely increase in net interest rates. Company q2 achieves a Māori rate of 34.37 per cent, compared to the \triangleright sales rate, management rate, R&D rate and financial cost rate of the same--
Advertisement marketing continues down. Meanwhile, the q2 asset impairment loss/income ratio +0.78 pct, we assume, is a reduction in the price loss of the large powder stock; the q2 credit impairment loss/income ratio +1.10 pct, mainly due to an increase in external donor spending.
\triangleright, with the historic breakthrough in the infant powder market, has achieved a retail market share of 18.1%, the same year +1.3pct, which is the country’s number one. At the same time, liquid milk, adult powder, cold
At the same time, companies actively embrace market changes. At the production level, companies introduced new products in the first half of the year in a variety of products such as warm yogurt, low-temperature milk, low-temperature milk, infant powder, human milk powder, cheese, water and water, with a combined share of income.
14.7%. With respect to cheese, the company has a variety of scenes at the end of c. for consumers of different ages, rich product matrices and positive growth in the first half of the year; b. actively captures consumption trends such as baking, tea and Western meals, and provides customized services to clients, with a year-on-year harvest of more than 20%.
On the other hand, the company actively embraces diversified channels and collaborates deeply with such channels as electric power suppliers, membership stores, community group purchases, zero-food discount shops, etc., to introduce multiple customized products to reach consumers, non-transmittal Soldat securities, Inc.
In terms of internationalization, the company is working deep in the South-East Asian cold-drinking industry, with infant powdering continuing to break out in North America, the Middle East, the Commonwealth of Independent States, and overseas in the first half of the year.
In Beijing, the revenue growth of the 127th Street in Beijing's West Side is over double-digit.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: show strong resilience, take advantage of underestimations of opportunities. Companies showed strong business resilience and reversible growth in the first half of the year against a backdrop of overall weakness in the \triangleright industry.
Looking forward to the second half of the year, the company is expected to continue its efforts to meet the targets set at the beginning of the year. The company is currently \triangleright Zhaoray, a master of food science and research, graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States, and then 2 years later, the United States is in the United States.
The mammoth Saputu is engaged in research and development, with one year ' s experience in food and beverage research.
To cover recreational foods (in-depth study of odious foods, weekly black ducks, brilliant, refined foods, saline shops, kwan-su-su, foods, ginseng-su foods), and wine in Anhui region (known as Guai Goon, glorified wine, golden seed wine), Zhao Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Liquor (in-depth study of Guo Dai, 5 grain fluids, Penang State cellar, Shanxi wine, tea industry, alcoholic wine, riverine shares, present-day fate, sauce plate blocks), Wang Snowflake, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. Economics + International Relations, Washington University, B.A., covering beer (deep depth)
The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-resumed securities investment consultancy business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.