The profit point highlights the acceleration of overseas expansion, Liao Weilong's steady income, the profit point is clear: 25h1 achieved a total profit of $61,933 million, i.e. +3.4 per cent;
Liquefied milk is stable, milk powder is increasing, cold drinks are running, speed is rising overseas: 1) Liquefied milk: 25H1 income 361.3 \triangleright equal to 0.8%, with a sharp reduction of q1.
High-quality products, with a steady increase in the share; low-temperature white milk income growth + more than 20 per cent; low-temperature yogurt milk, milk beverages and members ' shops such as Sam ' s customizing; 2) milk powders and dairy products: 25h1 million yuan, +14.3 per cent; single-q2 revenues, +776 million yuan, +4 per cent
First in the country, the share of the market for sheep milk is +3.0 pct to 34.4 per cent; 26.1 per cent of the retail sales of adult powder, +1.8 pct, is steady, with double-digit growth in the number of high-end products driven by functional, pharmaceutical and homogenous sources; two-wheel drive of cheese toc/tob, with a large tob crop + over 20 per cent.) Cold drinks:
The share below the line is industry-led and the markets in Indonesia and Thailand continue to expand. 4) International operations: The Department continues to deepen its overseas layout, with multiple breakthroughs in overseas operations over the period, cold drinks in deep-drawing South-East Asia, soilization, breakthroughs in infant and goat powder in North America, the Middle East, the Commonwealth of Independent States, New Zealand, the Netherlands, etc.
In the first half of the year, cold drinks for major foreign products increased by +14.4%, baby and infant milk, and limited responsibility for investment in Hoth.
The price of raw materials such as original milk goes down. On the cost side, the sales rate is 18.3%, compared to 1.1 pct, and the improvement in the efficiency of the investment costs associated with improving the health of the industrial chain. Management, R & D, finance, and maintenance of soundness. We expect the company to maintain its goal of raising the annual net profit rate to 9%.
In the second half of the year, the company is expected to pass through new products and new channels for different delivery, avoid price wars, and continue to lock in profit improvement trends. \triangleright \triangleright
The company's basic milk plate is solid, milk powder, cold drinks, cheese, adult nutrients have a lot of flowers, and overseas expansion opens up medium- and long-term space. High-point red + sufficient cash flows provide security, and the original milk cycle does not rise as expected.
First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd. First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd. First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd.
First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd., 71 Hong Kong Mid-End Avenue, 19th floor of the Young-Ann Group Building.
This report has been prepared by Shanghai First Securities Company Ltd. (“Shanghai First”) and is intended for general review by institutional investors only. No material, content or copy of this report may be copied, excerpted, quoted, altered, transferred, transmitted or distributed in any way to any other person without prior written permission from Shanghai I. The information, tools and materials contained in this report are only provided to you for reference purposes and are not used as or deemed to be the sale or purchase or acceptance of securities or other financial instruments, or an offer or invitation to make an offer or offer in respect thereof.
This report and any information, material and content do not take into account the specific investment objectives, financial circumstances, risk tolerance or any special needs of individual investors. You should make your own independent investment decisions, taking into account, inter alia, your own investment objectives, risk assessment, financial and tax situation.
No statement or assurance is made, explicitly or impliedly, by reason of sex or correctness.