Non-financial first cover report for food and beverage dairy products (600887.sh)
Investment rating: Increase (first time) Jang Dong-shek
Billion dollars, 439 per cent more than the previous year, $7.016 billion in net profit from non-repatriation, 31.78 per cent more than the previous year.
Profitability has increased, with net interest rates for non-returned mothers raised by 2.44 pct to 11.33 per cent on the same basis in the first half of the year; according to the report, companies q2 earned $28,915 million in the first quarter, an increase of 5.77 per cent, a net return profit of $2,326 million, an increase of 44.65 per cent and a net gain of $2,387 million for non-returned mothers, an increase of 49.48 per cent.
In the first six months of the company's operations, liquid milk/milk powder/refrigerated milk operations were pressured by macro demand, milk powder and cold drink operations became the main driving force behind the growth of the company's sales.
During the first half of the year, retail sales rose by 1.3 to 18.1 per cent compared to the same period in the previous year, rising to the first place in the country.
On the other hand, brands such as "Light and Light" and "Currently Acid" have grown in double digits. The innovation of new products is strong, with a combined revenue of up to 14.7%. The combined profitability has improved and stock loss has been significantly reduced.
During the same period of the previous year +0.61 pct to 34.19 per cent, there was a continuous improvement in profitability and cost rates, with the company rising by 25q2 quarter, q2 net interest rate off-repatriate compared to the same period of the previous year +2.41 pct to 8.3 per cent. The trend towards improved corporate profitability decreased significantly by $480 million during the same period of the year, and we believe that it is expected to result mainly from a reduction in the loss of the value lost from the spray powder,
Net equity assets (dollars/units) The project’s impairment loss will gradually decrease the profit drag against a background of declining milk prices. At the same time, the public division’s share of operating income, other than liquid milk, is expected to increase further, and the company’s cost of sales will decline.
This is also an increase in profit margins. Multiply. We have a 19-fold average of 25-year-olds in comparison to the company Monx, the new milk industry, and the bright milk industry. Given the company's diversification, it is more resilient, covering it for the first time, with an “uptake” rating.
Appendices: A summary of the financial projections indicates my personal opinion of the subject matter securities and issuers. I have done so with diligence, professional due diligence, the use of information on legal compliance, the independent and objective production of this report, and no part of the remuneration received by this person has been, has been, has not been or will not be directly or indirectly linked to the specific investment opinions or views in this report.