Respiratory Medicines (600196): The pharmaceutical plate has grown well, and research and development inputs have continued to increase steadily, with a steady increase in pharmaceutical bio-efficiency income and a slight decline in profits. The company has been operating in the first half of 2019.
Revenues of $14,173 million, an increase of 19.51 per cent over the same period; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $804 million, an increase of 5.95 per cent over the same period.
The pharmaceutical plate grew well and the service and the instrument plate performed poorly. During the reporting period, the company received $10,895 million, an increase of 21.65 per cent over the same period; the profit of the segment was $1,232 million, an increase of 22.59 per cent over the same period; and the core product, Iono Hepato, was raised by 22.59 per cent.
Sodium injection fluids, non-butts, peatatin calcium and sulfur sulfur tablets have all been growing rapidly, and the new drug, which was put on the market in May of this year, has been incorporated into the new health-care catalogue and is expected to be released gradually over the next half of the year.
The Department's health services have generated 1,459 million yuan, an increase of 21.56 per cent over the previous period; the new operating hospitals are still in the pre-exploitation period, resulting in higher operating costs, companies are planning to sell the shares of the Concord Hospital, and investments in health services are expected to contract gradually.
During the reporting period, the company's instrument diagnostic plate generated $1.797 billion, which is an increase in the volume of Finch's surgical robotics.
A net profit of $3 billion, an increase of 6.33 per cent over the same period, and a steady improvement in the distribution of medicines.
16 bioinnovants, 12 bioinnovants, 20 bio-like drugs, imitation of a small molecular innovation product of international standards, 9 adaptive disorders approved by clinical trials in China; 13 monoclonal antibodies products and 3 joint treatment programmes globally
More than 20 clinical trials; curdstone and Adamist resistance have been incorporated into the market priorities  profit predictions: we predict that companies will become affiliated with their parent companies by 2019-2021 with less than the expected risks; and that the pace of outreach integration will not be as high as the expected risks.
In the six months following the report, the securities have increased or dropped against the 300 index. Qualifications. This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy or completeness of this information due to the receipt of the report by the recipient.
The information and the views expressed do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in the present report, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial resources, etc.
If necessary, consult with a professional consultant on the financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters.