South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (SWCRD) Recommended logic: 1 short-term, high-barrel-barrel business success ballast: the new crown epidemic brings high end
The 2022 statute of limitations operation can contribute 12 billion dollars in profits.2 In the middle of the year, the early start-up at the Orzhou airport will strengthen the eco-programming of smooth logistics: the revenue end will benefit from the expansion of the radiation range of the statute of limitations and the non-arrival of the airport airport and airport and airport industry clusters, and the cost end will benefit from the unit cost of optimizing route routes and increasing loading rates.
3 In the long run, there are the most comprehensive basic logistics modules, rich customer accumulations, and large logistics data resources, the strongest bets in the era of integrated logistics suppliers enjoying the industry's industry. Fast-delivering logistics: revolutionaries in the upgrading of retail supply chains.
There is still room for doubling the level and volume of the express delivery industry. The upgrading of the consumer industry has also led to innovation in the manufacturing industry, with new consumer demand driving a shift in the manufacturing model, with the express delivery logistics industry being a deep participant in the chain of high-end consumption and high-end manufacturing industries and a central asset of the great supply chain era.
Consistency holdings: Express delivery gold assets, with high-quality white horses with high barriers. Consistency long-term asset construction and farming have created the three most barrierd logistics networks in the industry: Skynet, Landnet, and Information Network. 73 full cargo fleets and sinking cargo moments have created high construction barriers; and the forward layout and express delivery of diversified operations have been maintained.
The downside of the business brings pressure on the product, with 1.47 million-month-old high-customer glue support companies upgrading their business agreements, widening the moats, and moving forward on the course that has grown into China’s diversified logistics infrastructure. Core values: the market leader of the statute of limitations, the Ozhou airport, reinforced the moats.
About 60% of cities, scarce brand recognition in logistics, high-frequency running direct-camp networks, and the cost of building production, have enabled combing in the statute of limitations area. Over the long term, we can see companies saturating in the various nodes of express logistics; zero but, on fast, cold chains, with cities and with internationals.
The field continues to work, and the excess capacity of the statute of limitations network has created room for new business development to increase capacity utilization and reduce individual costs. From a long perspective, Orzhou airport can leverage its freight hub position to compete in global aviation logistics, paving the way for a network of global freight routes in the post-epidemiology era.
Profit predictions and investment proposals. It's expected to keep 22.3% of the net return profit from the surplus holdings in 2020-2022, and we're different from the market, which accepts the repair of the performance resulting from the excesses in the 2020 statute of limitations, but more due to the short-term outbreak.
We believe that the long-term value of smooth prescription business is underestimated by the market, that the upgrading of industries and supply chains will drive the diversification of prescription services, and that post-epidemiological prescription operations will continue to support the boom in eco-epidemiology of smooth logistics, zero growth in network acquisition, and continued excess expectations.
1) Medium- and High-end Express operations pe valuation, prescription, sinking and new operations ps valuation. 2) Absolute valuation $80.35: Divisional valuations measured a reasonable market value of $60.38 billion in 2022 for surplus holdings, corresponding to current 1) the rate of increase in the number of prescription items is associated with macro-economic climates and consumer trends on the population line, if the rate of increase in the number of prescription items is significant
The slowdown will have a huge impact on the company’s overall profitability. 4) The Express Price Warfare has intensified.
1.1 Development of the history and equity structure. In 1993, the founder, Wang Wei, was registered in Guangdong Sunde, and initially dedicated to the fast shipment of goods to and from Hong Kong and Guangdong, and was one of the first private couriers to be born in the Pearl Delta region.
Shenzhen set up his headquarters, which was followed by a boom-boom high-end express delivery, which was officially marketed in 2017. The founder, Wang Wei, held 61.2% of the stock through the Shenzhen Mingde holdings, and other shareholders included the Commissariat Group, the Suzhou dollar holdings, the Kutyu capital, the Sino-Kin capital, etc. An analysis of the stock structure of the boom shows that the founders held a high share.
The ownership of companies and the continuity of long-term strategies have been ensured without the participation of the electric power giant platform, and the independence of the company’s third-party logistics service provider has been ensured.
In 1993, it began with a rapid expansion in the size of the union system. In 2002, the founder’s team gained strong power, moving from unionism to a straight-line system, giving headquarters absolute control over the entire network, strengthening corporate management and strategic coherence.
Self-build, thereby providing high-standard operation and quality of service at all nodes of the network. By 2020, there was a marked increase in the rate of growth and a return in the share of the city. In 2020, there were 8,140 million smooth operations, with a 9.8 per cent share, with a 68.1 per cent increase in the rate of growth, which was the first of the companies listed in the list.
The lowest rate of growth (19.6 per cent) in the number of registered couriers in 2020, with a rate of 10.6 per cent, is shown in figure 8: annual volume growth in listed couriers (%)
1.3 “Three networks” combine, the most scarce logistics assets, and create unique and scarce network resource advantages.
Large cargo fleets + bulk flights + drones make up air transportation “Skynets”: they make up “information networks” through big data, block chains, smart equipment, smart uniforms, smart decision-making, machine learning, artificial intelligence, car networking, etc. Shunfung has created a unique and scarce network resource advantage of the three networks: GeoNetwork + Skynet + Information Network.
1) Skynet is built on the richest and deepest moats. Shun Fung is the largest cargo carrier in the country and currently operates a fleet of 73 full cargo aircraft, of which 59 have been expanded to cover far more than other freight carriers.
Air traffic amounted to 1.53 million tons, or 24.8 per cent of the total domestic air mail traffic, totalling about 870 million votes, or 18.0 per cent of the total business of the Department. 147 pairs of air traffic at the end of 2019, led by other freight carriers.
The principle of allocation of “historical priorities” is always followed, and the right of navigation is non-renewable, so HSBA already has a definite pre-emptive advantage. 2) Strong infrastructure guarantees ground transport capability ahead. HSBN operates from tens of thousands of business sites throughout the country.
In terms of the size of the assets invested in each of the links, the trunking links, and the number and self-sufficiency of the direct-camp transit centres.
The size of the land and the input of automated equipment are far ahead. The main transport links, with their own fleet of vehicles, are far larger than their counterparts.
Table 2: Comparison of the surface infrastructure of HSBC (2020h1) Figure 13: Autonomous R & D smart logistics platforms with a smooth fixed asset size and a single corresponding fixed asset far ahead of 3. Affordable and autonomous R & D platforms have been developed to support industry.
For example, in the case of smart silos, companies have built a complete system of smooth cloud silo information systems; in the case of end-of-end intelligence; in the case of easy interaction with clients on a continuous basis; and in the case of end-of-end intelligence; and in the case of clients.
In 2019, the company ' s research and development staff accounted for 5,058, or 4.4 per cent of its total workforce, and the technology investment of 3,668 million yuan, or 3.3 per cent of its operating income, which included a multi-dimensional strike to transform the integrated logistics service provider.
Protecting the city's rivers is well established. On the basis of high-quality service networks and brand advantages, companies organize themselves in a number of trade lanes: Economics for insensitive and price-sensitive client groups: Fast transport with upward transport weights: Cold chains of transport temperature layers: border cities and internationals with diverse transport geography and patterns; and supply chain operations with 2b.
A gradual transition to integrated logistics service providers. Figure 17: A smooth business expansion map, where's a smooth sky? Even though traditional courier logistics firms are downstream in the entire industrial chain: passivity
Taking orders, especially for the economy, depends on the demand for online consumption, and the key drivers of the industry in this dimension are out of control. Excluding the unmeritable retail sales of food, motor vehicles and petroleum and products in the company zero, the commercialized merchandise accounted for 73.4 per cent of the total amount of the company ' s total, compared to the total retail sales of social consumer goods in December 2020.
This rises to 24.9%, or the penetration rate of power suppliers. Considering the theoretical threshold of 50% penetration by electric power suppliers, the industry year, from the point of view of technology, shows that the upward trend in physical consumption is large, that the industry is still at a dynamic stage of development, and that the ceiling itself is not an absolute static concept.
From the extrapolation of the value chain of consumer supply to the revolution of online consumption, optimized channels have further boosted the transformation of the production side. Soft manufacturing and industry, 4.0 are essentially manufacturing industries moving from the old standardized bulk production model to customized bulk production paradigms. This boom is no longer downstream in the industrial chain: from upstream raw material extraction.
From this concept, the future of prosperity is the future of Chinese manufacturing: more informative and efficient. From labour-intensive to technology-intensive, it is the transformation of consumption.
But it was the second spring of manufacturing, and the location of a smooth and diversified logistics service provider was more seamlessly embedded in the new chain, moving forward with the huge wheels of the Chinese economy.2 The basic logistics module was well-established.
2.1 Prescription delivery: a solid chassis of company performance The straight-line model and heavy asset allocation model bring good service experience and efficient transport, which gives a comfortable market share in the timer market and is the cornerstone of company performance. The client of the timer has a “two tall and one low” demand attribute, i.e., a “two tall and one low” demand attribute.
The “prescription sensitivity, high security sensitivity, low price sensitivity”, which determines that the market players in the statute of limitations market need to operate in a straight-run, asset-intensive mode to ensure quality of service, that we generally equate business and high-end power lines with a smooth statute of limitations industry, that the pace of business expansion has accelerated over the years, and that the ratio of statute of limitations revenue to total income has been declining, with the ratio of 2020h1 declining.
To 45.5%. The overall Māori rate for speed transport operations has also decreased from 24.8% in 2013 (which may be considered to be close to the Māori rate of the statute of limitations) of 92.3% to 18.62%. According to our calculations, the bill of limitations income is approximately $22 and the bill cost is $16.7, of which $8.7 for single ticket workers and $5.0 for single ticket transportation and cost (after the outsourcing of the cost classification).
The other cost of the single ticket is $3.0. The single fee is $5.3 and the Māori rate is 24.0 per cent, well over and above the general system (other than China-China), and we measure the total number of domestic statutes of limitations in 2020 (only business items are discussed here, since the government documents are carried by ems alone) at about 4.0 to 4.5 billion, of which the surplus ratio is close to 60 per cent.
Business market is booming and ems is a double-dip. Figure 20: Business market major players, following the upward trend in consumption, business has reached a new peak in growth.
In 2020, the new crown epidemic accelerated the upward trend in high-end consumption lines, helping to keep pace with the pace of innovation in the statute of limitations business. In recent years, the rate of growth of smooth core business prescriptions has slowed down to 5.9% in 2019, which is related to the dependencies of the business market, and to the slowdown in the domestic economy.
The shift in consumption of high-end commodities to the line is, in our view, a short-term acceleration of the long-term trend. Complimentality, with a straight-up model and heavy asset allocation, can provide high-quality services and experiences, and is an extremely scarce express delivery brand that can capture consumers’ minds, thus taking on the logistical demands of rising consumption and generating high growth in the business reversal of the statute of limitations.
This represents an increase of 19.42 per cent. 2) The power vendor ' s express market cakes are large and the flow dominates the medium- and high-end pattern. According to our calculations, in 2019, the share of the express market ' s power suppliers was more than 80 per cent, of which 83.3 per cent were low-priced, medium- and high-end, represented by the dot system.
The market for medium- and high-end power suppliers is special, except for the ones that are self-constructed, for which we believe it is difficult to develop low-cost goods at a unit cost of $3 to $5.
Mi, Naking, Xin, Li Ning, etc., are clients with high unit prices, quality of service, and none of them have built their own logistics platforms.
The economic business, once again sinking, competes for a share of the electricity market. The sank strategy has never been broken: for the first time in 2014-2015, there were only 5 million easy power lines in 2013 and 51 million softweights, which together accounted for only 5.2 per cent of the total delivery, while in 2014 there was an increase of 140 million and a special gain of 70 million.
This represents 28.2 per cent and 14.8 per cent of the annual increase, respectively, and a 16.9 per cent increase in the combined share of electricity and special benefits in smooth courier operations. The share of the economy expanded further in 2015, reaching 20.6 per cent of the combined share of electricity and special benefits.
Consistent with the trend reflected in the increase in the volume of economic operations, the second significant downturn in the economy’s surplus was the 45.5% increase in economic operations in 2018, following a slowdown in economic operations in the first half of 2018 during the two years 2016 and 2017.
The third product sink was introduced in May 2019, with the introduction of a single-ticket preferential product at a price of $5-9 for electricity consumers with a daily average of more than 1,000 tickets. Less than 1.5 years has already reached an average of 10 million items per day.
The BM’s “Network” initiative, which is to create a low-cost, aligned delivery network in one year, now requires an investment of 10 billion dollars to get 10 million tickets per day to the federated delivery network, and we believe that the cost of smoothing off the statute of limitations web site will be significantly reduced.
The economy is dominated by low-cost power suppliers, whose customers have “low-time, low-security, high-price-sensitive” demand attributes, namely, “low-time-sensitive, low-security-sensitive, high-price-sensitive” networks with a strong focus on building a business-wide network, with higher transport costs not matching economic demand, which also results in economic operations stretching overall profitability levels in 2014.
Both smooth economic operations in the year and 2018 resulted, respectively, in a decline of 7.7 pp and 2.2 pp in the overall rate of Māori in the year ' s fast-moving logistics, and in a continuing decline of 0.5 pp in May 2019 with the introduction of the power vendor ' s preferential ration. The zero-load market was characterized by greater market space, weak scale effects, and low concentration of industries.
Road freight turnover of 712 million tons is estimated to be about 5.4 trillion in 2018, at a unit price of 0.76 ton. The market composition of our national road freight market is 11.2 per cent, 28.5 per cent, 60.3 per cent, respectively, of which 1.9 per cent and 26.6 per cent are small and large, respectively, and the market size is broken down by market composition.
No more than $1440 billion and $100 billion. There is a low degree of standardization of petty and zero weights. The owner is mainly a b-end, the owner is a b-end, and he runs a national network, and the owner is a high-end ticket. The zero-weight market can be broken down according to the range of the service network, the average weight of the ticket, and so on, depending on the players in the market.
It is also the highest, mainly in high-end small votes. For the national association of 100-and-a-half-million companies, there are mainly low-cost flats (the 100-and-a-half-year-old members of the union are paid only for trunk transit, which is about double the price actually paid to their customers, at 1.4-1.5 yuan/kg). The regional zero-load companies have the lowest prices, such as stubbles, long lines, etc., and are generally collected on a piece-by-peer basis, without standardized price standards.
With revenues of $8.05 billion and $12.66 billion in 2019, respectively, smooth and fast shipments in the first half of 2020 have reached the highest level of volume/volume in the industry. Given the fact that there are different segmented markets in the zero-weight sector, we believe that the wealthier national network market is much more concentrated than the regional network market.
In recent years, the Express giants have been active in cross-border fast-moving operations, and competition has been known as the Red Sea. In April 2018, the Express Express and Express joint project was terminated for a period of eight months. In May 2019, Hongda relinquished priority for the replenishment of the controlled stock company's dry logistics and removed the fast-moving plates from the listed system.
A negative shift in gross profits was achieved in the quarter, with gross profit rates increasing by 5.6 to 3.4 per cent over the year, and freight volumes of nearly 1.27 million tons, or 28.8 per cent over the same period, with medium- and fast shipments receiving more than $100 million in a round of financing, with the official target of 4.6 million tons for 2019. The courier giants are more capital-intensive than smaller logistics firms in the fast-moving industry.
On the whole, the current fast-moving market is one red Sea. Heung Fung initially launched a logistics roll-out in 2014: heavy-carrying (carrying) and heavy-loading (carrying fast) in 2015-2016.
Transport (air transportation): A direct line of transportation for the professional market was launched in June 2017: by the end of January 2018, 20-100 kg, 500-3000 kg of tickets and zero loads, covering more than 20 kg of all weights, was launched on a fast-track basis; 71% of the shares in New State logistics were acquired in 2018, and fast-tracked, leading to low- and medium-end tickets and zero loads.
After a smooth acquisition, the new state offers management operations, allocation of vehicles, and the new state and the social union can all join the union.
In 2019, the Shenzhen Sunfeng Express Ltd. was set up to operate independently, and in February 2020 it issued a transferable debt amounting to $300 million, with the participation of companies such as ccpfreightinvestment, Chongqing and others, which, after transferring shares, remain controlling shareholders in smooth and fast shipments.
The easy-to-fail zero-load product is positioned as an economic logistics service with a price-to-prescript balance, with prices close to those of the German-procedure-caraine/city-cargo product. The best profit performance of all the products in Texas is that it has been able to maintain around 25% of the Māori rate, which is the company’s priority development business.
With the continued deep plowing of smooth-to-fail zeros, the level of profitability of the product is expected to be at the level of profit in the country. A large package weighing between 20 and 100 kg of smooth heavy packaged products has a certain scale effect, compared to other fast-carrying products, which are closer to delivery than the standardization process.
There is a significant downward trend in the increase in the average daily load of items. The 100-year-old Express also chooses a small kilogram product, and when the 100-year-old Express-day average hits 10,000 tons, the marginal costs begin to fall, reflecting the advantages of scale. The large package is of high quality and has a stronger synergy with the express delivery, and the advantage of a smooth network infrastructure allows it to develop further in this area.
The cold-chain transport cold-chain logistics generally refer to a system project in which products are produced, stored for transport, sold and kept in the temperature range until consumption, to ensure product quality and reduce process wear and tear.
According to the China Cold Chain Logistics Development Report, the country’s cold chain logistics market of $288.6 billion in 2018, an increase of 13.2% over the same period, maintained a high rate of increase.
The cold-chain industry, which requires significant equipment inputs due to high technological thresholds, despite its rapid growth in size, is dominated by small and medium-sized logistics firms, mostly regional single-function enterprises, with a fragmented, small and mixed industry that does not currently have a prominent industrial leader. In the Chinese Cold-chain Committee ' s 2018 China Cold-chain Industry Billboard, the Chinese Cold-chain Industry Billion Business List, Shunts.
Gross revenues of $4.2 billion rose to the top of the industry, accounting for about 1.5 per cent of the city's share. The top 100 companies collected 39.820 billion yuan, or 11.28 per cent, of all raw and medical commodities, which are the two main product lines of the cold chain. In 2018, the country's raw market reached 1,913 million yuan, while the raw electricity market reached 215.8 million yuan, an increase of 52.18 per cent.
There is much room for improvement, and industry development is expected to grow further as the market resources of the raw-power provider become more integrated. The scale of the transaction in the cold-chain logistics of the raw-food supplier is also growing year by year.
In the context of rising demand for fresh and fresh consumption, there has been a significant increase in the circulation of fruit and vegetables, meat, and water products in the cold chain. In 2010, we had only 5 per cent, 15 per cent, 23 per cent, and 15 per cent, 30 per cent and 40 per cent, respectively, of fruit and vegetables, meat, and water products. By 2015, 22 per cent, 34 per cent, respectively, were in the cold chain.
Forty-one per cent, or 35 per cent, 57 per cent and 69 per cent, respectively, have better or slightly exceeded the country's “12th Five-Year” cold chain logistics planning targets, compared to more than 95 per cent in developed countries, as can be seen from the industrial space, and cozyness has an absolute advantage in the cold chain transport network: in August 2018, Hsing Fung worked with the summer to set up a new summer roll.
A step-by-step tob end-to-end integrated logistics solution, cooperation is expected to exploit the synergies of the “1+1>2” and achieve efficiency gains. A smooth network has both tob and toc capabilities, and most of the top 10 firms have to tob end-to-end transport capabilities.
In the area of medical logistics, the country has increasingly focused on the regulation and scale of the pharmaceutical logistics industry, with policies to strengthen regulation and promote industry regulations as major pharmaceutical reforms, such as “two votes”, tax reform, and conformity evaluation, have been implemented.
According to China's Medical Logistics Development Report (2019), the country's total medical logistics in 2018 amounted to 3,351.7 billion yuan, an increase of 11.13% over the previous year, and it is expected that by 2020 we will have reached a total of 4 trillion yuan in medical logistics. “Two votes” means that medicines are sold from a pharmaceutical plant to a first-degree dealer and that distributors are sold to a hospital and invoiced again.
The “two votes” will replace the seven votes and eight votes that are currently common, reducing the layering of the flow chain, and the number of first-level distributors for each variety should not exceed two. The true introduction of the “two votes” will reshape the supply chain model of medicine, socialize and market the country's medical logistics, which will move beyond regional policy barriers, moving from single-point operations to network operations.
Stepping up the convergence, specialization, informatization, intelligence of pharmaceutical logistics. Figure 46: Double vote reform accelerates the flatening of the pharmaceutical supply chain.
Up-to-date, full-range control tracking, drug traceability and powerful end-of-life resources to improve logistics solutions for pharmacies. And, through the management of the sku in the chain storehouse, the door shop, direct connection between the drugstore and the manufacturer, the set-up of the nest cabinets is easy to consume. As of 2019....the network covers 219 municipalities and 1547 districts. 4 gsp certified doctors.
The main clients are Bayer, Haro, Hsiao Yu, Seinofi Pharmaceuticals, Bringer-Ghan, Broadband, and so on. 2.5 Inter-city: The current point is still strategic.
The definition of matchmaking in this paper is equivalent to immediate logistics: instant logistics is the delivery of goods directly to the end without storage or transit and within two hours of the time limit for delivery of logistics services. In the most recent definition, immediate logistics is subject to a higher requirement to match real-time demand with real-time capacity through real-time global movement.
It is characterized by high timeliness, low order density, and therefore higher distribution prices. The immediate logistics industry initially saw an outbreak of growth with the rise of the take-out o2o, while the development of the new retail market and the growth of demand in the express end-of-the-way market (fall-out) widened the business direction of the immediate logistics.
China’s instant distribution market grew rapidly in size. According to Irey’s consulting statistics, China’s instant distribution market in 2019 experienced a sudden increase of 100 billion dollars (13.12 billion dollars) in size, compared with 33.8 per cent, the current distribution user base exceeded 400 million, compared with 17.6 per cent, and the order industry grew at the same rate as the express delivery industry in 2016-2017 in 2019.
The bulk is about one-thirds of the output in the express delivery sector, with the following four main types of real-time logistics enterprises: beebirds in the take-out model, the Mermaids and New Dada specializing in catering and distribution, which have developed a three-pronged approach; and Internet power provider platforms such as Suning and Kyundong, which also provide the basis for immediate distribution of commercial excesses.
In 2019, in our immediate logistics industry, the United States of America, the beebirds, and the new Dardas took up the first three seats in the market.
A total of 72 per cent of the city, with 23.9 million orders per day, or 2.1 million orders per day, depending on the upstream platform. As a result of the lack of upstream platforms, the size of smooth orders is small, with the city accounting for only 1.2 per cent, and as the business with the city continues to expand, more segmented markets are introduced, 2b, 2c distributions with the city and the creation of a brand for the business conglomerate, and co-location operations are smooth.
They're gradually increasing their share of the market.
Suning Kyoto Logistics Power Vendor Platform Distribution System
Sunning logistics, legs, legs, legs, legs, legs, legs, legs, legs, legs, legs, legs, legs, legs, legs, legs, legs, legs, legs, legs, legs.
Professional instantaneous distribution platform Traditional logistics enterprise roll-out ioberress
The (st)express instantaneous delivery service has the right to order distribution on the take-out platform upstream of the take-out industry, which directly determines the volume of orders from instantaneous logistics firms.
Hyo Fung, while not directly controlling the distribution rights of the business, has been able to locate high-end delivery services on the basis of his own technological capabilities and transport resources, and has acquired a group of high-end clients who choose to deliver themselves: McDonald’s, Kentucky, Victory, Rushin's coffee, Yong-hui, Tianyung,
As of 2019, there were 275 cities with a full-time distribution staff of 15,000 + and a part-time life of 10,000 +, the fastest 30-minute average one-hour service delivery in the country’s major cities, and the level of service, which we believe is strategic in opening up our own logistics ecology to fast-track entry into the new retail market.
From this perspective, the presence of instant logistics complements the last link in the new retail supply chain.
2.6 International: Active deployment abroad, with broad business prospects, the international Express market continues to grow at a relatively fast pace, with a modest current share. According to data published by the National Post Office, in 2019, we completed 1.44 billion deliveries of international and Hong Kong and Australasia, an increase of 30.0 per cent.
International and Australasia Express revenues amounted to $74.73 billion. Foreign firms generated $36.7 billion, or 49 per cent, and international business revenues of $2.84 billion, or 4 per cent. In 2019, surplus international revenues amounted to 2.5 per cent.
In May 2017, Hsing andups announced a total investment of $10 million to establish a global speed control unit in Hong Kong, China.
Companies, focus on the cross-border trade of b2b and b2c clients, to expand global markets. Happiness and ups will complement networks, sizes, etc., by tailoring integrated access solutions to customer demand, including market access, transport, customs clearance, and dispatch. As of 2019, international fast/favourable operations cover 62 countries around the globe, and international small packages cover 62 countries.
2.7. Supply chain: making full use of business synergies. Supply chain is built around core business, through trade flow, information flow, logistics, financial flow control, from the procurement of raw materials.
First, it is made as an intermediate and final product, and finally the distribution network delivers the product to the consumer, the supplier, the manufacturer, the distributor, the retailer, until the end-user is connected to a whole functional network structure.
• Signing of the General Agreement on the Sale and Purchase of Shares, whereby Hong Kong Shun Fong acquired 100 per cent of the shares of Hong Kong and Hong Kong Dhu and Beijing 100 per cent of the shares of Hong Kong and Hong Kong Tung Hao and Hong Kong Tung Hao are the main players in the supply chain operations in mainland China, Hong Kong and Macao.
The total value of the transaction was $5.5 billion, and the firm ' s performance for the entire year 2018 was aimed at keeping the pre-tax profit from the adjustment, and we split dhl operations: post-commerce packages (post-ecommerce-parcel), express mail, global year dhl supply chain operations generated Euro14.15 billion, or 23 per cent of the company ' s total.
Dhl supply chain operations focus on the eight main areas of automobiles, retail sales, industrial and engineering manufacturing, life sciences and medical care, spare parts logistics, charges, high technology, transport, and provide continuous and complete end-to-end services to customers.
Clients in different industries offer customized integrated logistics solutions, a non-standard industry, which results in supply chain operations having a Māori ratio that is not comparable to a standardized express delivery operation. The Māori rate for dhl courier operations was 12.1 per cent in 2018, while Māori for supply chain operations was 3.9 per cent lower than the group-wide Māori ratio of 6.0 per cent.
Figure 56: Dhl supply chain solutions and dhl supply chains provide comprehensive solutions and services, including transport solutions, warehousing solutions, management services, integrated solutions and additional services.
Table 7: Dhl supply chain provides a comprehensive range of solutions and services, absorbs and integrates dhl, which integrates high-quality supply chain logistics assets, reduces exploration learning costs and acquires critical strategic capabilities in a short period of time. dhl is involved in third-party transportation, warehouse management, value-added services for business clients.
The expertise will contribute to the enrichment of business lines and to the development of effective complementarities with existing product lines, the promotion of business diversification and the transition to integrated logistics service providers, and the better provision of cross-industry, industry-wide logistics services and resolution programmes for clients. Through trademark licences, the labeling company will continue to use the dhl brand and its many years of excellence to maintain the present.
Customer relations and the continuous development of new customer resources, combined with a large domestic logistics network and a wealth of high-quality customer capital, can lead to better development in supply chain operations.3 Medium-term dimensions of industry trends: smoothness becomes the biggest catch-all for consumer upgrading.
3.1 The penetration rate of consumers has increased further, and cyber-shopping can continue to grow. For the reason of the epidemic, China ' s social network dropped by 3.9 per cent by a total of 39.2 trillion in 2020, while the country ' s online retail sales of goods in kind increased by 10.9 per cent compared to 10.8 billion in December 2020.
Instead of being affected by the decline in total social retailing, online retailing has continued to grow at the same rate, with a further increase in the share of total social retailing, reflecting the need for Internet shopping under the epidemic.
3.2 The epidemic has catalysed the re-establishment of low-end branding channels and accelerated commercialization of duty-free retailers, and high-end commodity brands, such as makeup and 3c digitals, have sought online marketing activities in the context of the increased penetration of consumer upgrades.
Shun Fung became the biggest beneficiary of the escalation in electricity consumption by low-income consumers, with a significant increase during the period of the epidemic, reaching a peak of 17.2 per cent in February 2020, an increase of 9.1 pp over the same period in 2019. High-end commodity channels have been re-engineered to respond to long-term trends and demand is sticky.
Only 12% of orders are under $500, while the overall consumer price of makeup is at the mid-high end. Under the shock of the epidemic, there is a decline in the flow of real-life customers under the line, the “sallow effect” shows that demand for makeup products has increased, with many brands increasing by nearly twice the same amount last year, well above the 20-30% rate of January-February 2020 and well above that of the same year.
Unlike the need for medical supplies, such upswinging is a long-term trend, with the epidemic merely acting as a catalyst and accelerating its upscaling process, where branders do not withdraw from power platforms at a later stage because of the glue of demand, which tends to grow steadily back to higher rates of growth than before the outbreak.
With regard to other high-cost goods, in June 2020, the Ali platform sold 3,297 million yuan, an increase of 60.8 per cent compared to the previous year, with a significant increase in the upscaling of the 2020 q1 jewellery commodity, a decrease in the flow of shops below the epidemic line, an increase in online traffic, and online sales by companies, such as live carriers, for example, on-line sales, taking into account the case of the weekly high birth.
Internet sales in 2020q1 received $192 million, up to 28.3 per cent, well above less than 10 per cent in the previous period, and 2020q2 is expected to remain high due to the use of the “618” live feed, which will continue to stabilize above pre-epidemiological levels due to the presence of channels.
In June 2020, the Ministry of Finance, the General Customs Administration and the General Tax Administration issued an announcement on the policy of duty-free shopping for passengers from Hainan Island: tax-free off-island policies were relaxed, tax-free electricity lines were upgraded, goods were further expanded, unit prices were raised, and sales of high-end refined products were expected to rise. In 2019, China ' s overseas consumption was expected to exceed $285 billion, representing a share of Asia-Pacific countries.
More than 50%, and another channel for cross-border electricity traders, with more than $11 trillion in 2019, has reached the top in the world. For example, China’s duty-free flagship companies will gradually expand their business model from below-line duty-free retailing, which will be greatly accelerated by the contagion-induced cut-off in terms of international traffic disruptions and tax-free sales such as traditional airport crossings.
In practice, tax-exempt upgrades have begun to hatch, with high tax-exempt participants ordering on-line, easy and straight-line mail delivery, and the previous structure of transactions that rely on the line-based procurement of duty-free goods has been broken. As the country ' s citizens buy tax-free goods, which are concentrated on single-priced cosmetics, boxes, electronic digital products, users experience the best smoothness as a courier.
Intra-industry, the largest beneficiary in a situation in which duty-free trading channels have been broken, absorbs the logistics needs resulting from rising consumption. 3.3 The power vendor platform expands the high-end commodity category, “live-on-line” injects new power, and the number of users of the various power-market platforms has grown into a bottleneck, and is active in broadening the commodity category, especially high-end commodities.
For more than one example, the growth in the number of platform users has become a bottleneck, with only 1% growth in the 2020 q1 ring, pressure shifting to upgrading the quality and quality of goods, an increase in the number of high-end commodity groups, and an increase in the good per capita price of goods, as represented by the “millions of subsidies” project, is indicative of a change in the focus of their energy. The increase in the number of 2020 q1 pieces per capita of gmv was 23.4% in the same year, and the rise in the ring was 13.6%, and the test was 13.6%.
In view of the limited increase in user purchases, we believe that the increase in the price of the bill is a more important factor. The rise of the “live-on-line” power provider model stimulated demand for high-end commodities.
Nine times more than in the same period last year, with an average of 1.5 times more sales per live broadcast than in the same period in 2018. In addition to the headlines, represented by Li Jia, Via, stars, CEOs, etc., have joined the army, pushing the sales of beauty makeup, household electricity, digital, etc.
A series of events promoted demand for high-value goods such as cosmetics, 3c digitals. 618 Internet-wide breakdowns of household appliances, mobile phone communications and cosmetics account for the top three, and they are in the top four, with significant growth in demand for medium- and high-end commodities, especially cosmetics, with a 13 per cent conversion rate from live broadcasts, up to 6 percentage points from the overall network conversion rate.
Long-term dimensions of industry trends: upgrading of retail supply chains 4.1 Quality logistics companies working with electricians to reshape retail supply chains overall China ' s high logistics costs reflect the inadequacy of overall supply chain levels. Total social logistics costs in China in 2019
The ratio with gdp is 14.7%, well above the level of 6-7% in the developed countries of Europe and the United States. This figure, although insufficient, is already the result of a drop in the efficiency of the logistics industry in recent years: the ratio of total social logistics costs to gdp fell from 20.6% in 2008 to 14.7% in 2019, and the total cost of social logistics per 10,000 Gdp is approximately $1470, and I
There is still much room for improving the efficiency and cost of logistics in the country, especially in terms of industrial structure, infrastructure, management capacity, and behind them is the upgrading of supply chains, which can be divided between retail goods and bulk goods by subject of logistics transport. Retail goods generally have three modes of transport.
Logistics development, such as large supermarket Wal-Marts, and the establishment of logistics centres to support commodity turnover in chains: direct flow of suppliers, supplier responsibility for commodity transport, more restricted area operations due to the non-application of chained stores; socialization flows, where specialized logistics companies take over commodity transport, are now widely used modes of transport, with a major one-to-one model.
The bulk of the goods are usually delivered by shipping. The retail chain is a hub of investment in the logistics industry, where the restructuring of the retail supply chain reduces the cost of logistics in the marketing of goods, while at the same time it reduces its cost.
The central position in the industrial chain is also further stifling the profitability of express delivery, with end-of-end logistics accounting for lower unit prices. By shortening the supply chain and facilitating its integration, the electric power provider reduces the cost of socializing logistics. And, since the electricity vendor ' s industrial chain is composed of upstream platform traders, power-market platforms, terminal consumers, and transport logistics service providers and third-party payment carriers, the electric power provider ' s platform is located in the middle of the chain.
At the heart of the industry chain. The demand for logistics that comes from the power provider's mastery of the user's flow entrance directly affects the size of the company's operations. The package policy of the company's platform vendor makes it possible for the merchants to substitute consumers to become genuinely involved in the bargaining process and to offer relatively homogenous goods to the Express Department, with lower conversion costs, to obtain a stable customer in a “luxury” way, ultimately.
Currently, under a pattern of intense competition among the three major power suppliers, the profits of the express service have been severely suppressed, and the cost of the express service is lower than the price of the bill. For example, Ali has been paying more than $200 per package in recent years, and the average price of the service is $5 per package.
For one thing, the unit price/package price is less than 3 per cent. The order performance rate in Kyoto fluctuates at 7.6 per cent.
In 2019, Ali and Kyundonggmv grew at a rate of about 20%, and the annual rate of active buyers changed to only 20% in the third quarter. As competition between domestic power providers increased, for example, some of them.
With a two-way strategy, businesses have to make choices and transfer of traffic, and the resulting electricity will have a profound impact on logistics. 2) Internet logistics companies such as the Kyoto Logistics Network, the Greenbird Network, will compete with third-party logistics companies such as Hyoto for a long time The Leibird Network was built to provide cheaper and more efficient logistics services to users in Ali's ecology.
By integrating shipping lines, supported by large data support, to inject big orders into the Ali retail platform, to link business flows and logistics, to reduce the cost of logistics links, and to provide more cost-effective and efficient services to businesses and consumers. This was created by Ali to respond to the diverse delivery needs of consumers, the need to integrate the supply chain on and off the line, and to overcome bottlenecks to logistics efficiency.
In strategic terms, the rookie network helps to integrate socialized resources to support the layout of Ali's ecology. The rookies have two main service networks, the delivery platform with a point-to-point model and the supply chain service with a warehouse.
From the beginning, as a key function of Kyoto, the network of services is constantly expanding around the product layout of Kyoto, supporting the Kyoto platform ' s user experience, laying down its own supply chain service advantages in a silo-based model, making it a core competitiveness for Kyoto logistics. The logic of capital-building is centred around a silo-based service model, and warehousing is self-sustaining.
Figure 79: Positioning of rookies in logistics with Kyoto. Based on the construction of major asset depots, the construction of rookie warehouses lags behind the construction of Kyoto, but the scope for regional logistics integration
More broadly. In order to implement the idea of a unified logistics facility in Kyouta, the capital investment made in Kyouta led to the storage of a larger area than that of a similar company, and the greenbirds used as a platform to build their own storage facilities, but their ability to integrate social storage resources was extremely strong. The q3 warehouse in Kyouta in 2020 had a total area of 20 million square metres, with their own land (warehouses, office buildings).
The total area covered is 11 million square metres, with rookies building their own logistics park only 3.15 million square metres, but the combined storage area of the Alliance and service providers in the rookie logistics market amounts to 6,645 million square metres, well above the area of the Kyundong cloud (2019 q2 = 2.5 million square metres).
In terms of service models, rookies integrate socialized resources to provide a more efficient logistics service to the Ali platform, which is an integrated logistics service provider based on the Kyoto platform.
Kyoto Logistics, before it was opened to socialization, was a major service. Upstream merchants and large firms, using direct or self-employment in the procurement-storage-transport-distribution chain, provided full-link shut-down logistics services and enhanced supply chain control.
Users provide supply chain services. In addition to supply chain services, couriers, and cross-border services, customers provide a breakdown of logistics products around the Kyoto platform services, such as the Greater Tokyo package and the Tokyo Cold Chain.
In terms of service capacity, the length of the statute of limitations, due to the fact that rookies have fallen behind in their own warehouse layouts in Kyoto, has temporarily left them in Kyoto. In mid-2018, rookies reached only 1,500 districts, about early 2017, and through the long-term logistics layout, 2017q4 were fully covered in the country ' s 2,851 district districts, and in 2018 they reached only 1,500 districts in mid-2018.
In terms of asset-building, service delivery patterns, it is clear that a smooth third-party logistics company is able to deliver online.
But the dynamic is that there is no clear division of influence between the giants of logistics, so Hyoto and the rookie, Kyoto, will be in competition for a long time. 4.2 Resources are integrated to meet the “big age” of supply chains.
In the course of the retail supply chain transformation, a significant advantage over other logistics companies is the ability to integrate logistics in a well-developed basic logistics module +2 self-employment model. With the direct camp model, the three networks of Skynet + Earthnet + Information Networks combined with resources, and strong scientific and technological power, smoothness has achieved a leading time frame and quality of service, and has won companies brand value and a market.
Through mergers and acquisitions, reorganizations, alliances, and the expansion of their operations and networks, initial capacity has been built to provide clients with integrated and integrated logistics solutions to achieve better performance in supply chain operations.
1) Increasing the capacity utilization rate to achieve cost sharing. Sufficiency has a large direct network and infrastructure, which also results in a lack of capacity flexibility, as in the case of the Consistency Express. So, Suffice has a certain excess capacity in each of the transport links, which makes it more costly. And when a single business growth does not fill the excess capacity, it is done through distribution.
The expansion of other synergetic operations, leading to an increase in capacity utilization, ultimately leading to a reduction in individual cost-sharing. (2) Sustained monthly client growth reflects a strong brand power.
Monthly clientele: The current monthly client base of the company is 1.47 million, with the average monthly client income of the company being reported in mid-2020 increasing by 50% on a year-on-year basis. Single clients: individual members amount to 280 million and last-month active users close to 100 million.
3) Supply chain operations facilitate a smooth transition to an integrated logistics service provider. The supply chain concept has evolved from expanding the production concept by extending and delaying the productive activities of enterprises.
In addition, a wide range of extended M&As have been carried out, making it possible to pre-empt each track. The main investment areas of smoothness include logistics warehousing (supply chains, cold chains, smart logistics), e-commerce (cross-border power providers, b2b), business services, etc. 4.3 State Airports have located world-class cargo hubs, and global air freight competition has been raised.
Auzhou Airport is the most important air freight hub project at the moment, and its construction and commissioning is essential for smooth long-term competition. It has contributed 2.3 billion yuan yuan, with 46% of its shares, to be built together with Hubei Province.
By size of design and volume of operations, it is projected to be 3.3 million tons in 2030, 1.5 million passengers in 2030: 765.2 million tons in 2045, 15 million in 2045 and 4e in flight class.
Figure 85: The stockholding structure of Hubei International Logistics Ltd., which has formed a global cargo airport hub for foreign couriers over several decades, has greatly optimized their transport networks, increased operational efficiency, reduced costs, and improved effectiveness.
Aviation has formed three airport cargo hubs in Beijing, Hangzhou, Shenzhen, but lacks a dedicated global air cargo terminal, primarily for passengers. The Okhu airport, which is expected to be built in June 2021 and put into operation by the end of the year, will complete the network core, hopefully increasing the loading rate of the main air line, reducing the fuel consumption per unit package, and achieving savings per unit of cost for the cruise.
At the same time, the commissioning of this world-class cargo hub will increase the amount of packages processed by the transit centre units, redefine the statute of limitations and further enhance the advantage of smoothness in mid- and high-end markets with a view to income end-of-life.
Qualitative time will help to expand the range of prescription operations. According to data from the Centre for Research on the Aerial Economic Zone in the city of Oblast, Huxeng Air will be able to reach its full cargo peak from 6 a.m. and Huxeng will be expected to achieve high-quality daytime time and guarantee stability in time. In the future, Hsien Hsien will strengthen its quick and steady advantage, high-end prescription products (e.g., the day of the day) and strategic expansion.
New operations, such as fast, cold and medical transport, co-city dispatch, international and supply chains, are expected to expand to more distant or non-core cities, to meet high-end demand surges, to consolidate the brand image and bargaining power of early and high-end markets, and to develop incremental industries. Cost-effectively, “axis-based” networks are more cost-effective, more efficient freight transport and less complex costs.
Formerly, more centralized air bases were set up in Beijing, Hangzhou, and Shenzhen, mainly in a “point-to-point” mode of direct air transport connecting the country’s major cities, with low loading rates. The start-up of the Okhu airport will open up the “aeronautical axle irradiation” model, concentrating cargo to the Orzhou airport hub, and then sending cargo from Orzhou.
Axle irradiation network models can increase the loading rate of saturated shelves. More efficient lifting of cargo: at the same time, the use of large aircraft to replace small aircraft for the transport of cargo can result in significant savings in aircraft fuel consumption; and secondly, while there are bypass costs, a direct flight pattern relative to the “point-to-point” can significantly reduce the number of flights and thus reduce the overnight cost of aircraft staying at passenger airports,
Ground operating costs; and, with the full automatic distribution of the system in the transit field, the space is being raised, with route planning and ground-to-ground movement of resources improving aircraft performance and freight speed. Overall, we believe that the introduction of the Axis irradiated aviation network model will further show a strong air backbone.
In terms of a smooth domestic strategy, first of all, the construction of the Australasia airport hub project is a core strategy to further consolidate the core competitiveness of Skynet+Genet+Info in the future. In parallel with the construction of an integrated logistics service network that covers the country, it will be possible to build a network of networks that will be able to build a network of networks that are more effective.
Second, the state has seized strategic positions in central cities and strategic opportunities in the Yangtze economic zone, and has benefited from its own initiatives.
On 9th, the State Council, the Central Military Commission (CMC) officially issued a letter of approval for the construction of the State Airport, the main head of the Hubei Province Council and the provincial government.
Under his own command and with the Permanent Vice-Governor as Commander of the Project Construction Command, the provincial leadership stated that the Hubei International Logistics Nuclear Hub project was the "first project" in the north of the lake, and that the construction of the Okhu State airport was not simply an act of enterprise, but rather a "national project" at another level.
At the same time, the location of the Oblast airport is conducive to a steady increase in the share of the central and western regions in the future. In 2019, the number of couriers in the central and western parts of the country reached 81.7 billion, or 31 per cent, or 19 per cent, respectively. In an environment characterized by a decline in the overall volume of operations, the cumulative rate of growth in the central region is on the rise compared to the eastern part of the country, which shows an increase in the central and western parts of the country.
In terms of a smooth international strategic layout, the airport can compete in global aviation logistics.
The post-epidemiology era has paved the way for the deployment of a network of global shipping lines. The impact of this new coronary outbreak has been a significant reduction in international flights, the sealing of foreign countries and the imposition of severe restrictions on international courier flights, which have led to lower logistics efficiency and higher logistics costs. The epidemic has fuelled the demand for multinational couriers, higher prices for international couriers, and lower oil prices to lower the cost of transport for companies during the epidemic.
In March, April and May 2020, the volume of international courier operations in our country reached 131, 144, 147 million. ... This represents an increase of 16.2 per cent, 29.8 per cent and 32.2 per cent, respectively: revenues from international courier operations amounted to 77.3, 105.6 million yuan and 9.34 billion yuan, respectively.
In the post-epidemiological era, the world trade environment is highly volatile, and the international-led model of the Air Cargo Hub + Lead Air Logistics Enterprise can be used to support its international-line strategy. The launch of the Orzhou airport and its ideal state of operation can better facilitate the effective connectivity of smooth domestic + international routes and build robust and autonomous air security while increasing aircraft utilization.
The creation of a network of nationally and radiated routes, better timing, safe movement of goods and procurement, provides a powerful impetus for the future growth of international courier services.
As an integrated logistics service provider, the industry in which prosperity is found is a relatively stable and non-cyclical industry, and companies as a whole have some legitimacy in adopting a pe valuation. But as prosperity expands and expands on new business, its internal business structure changes, with a 26.7% share of the top 2020h15 new business, taking into account the different profitability and growth of the new business.
Divisional valuations are considered to be a more rational method of valuation. While theoretically all sub-businesses are in the field of logistics and apply to the pe or peg method, in practice the ps method is used for valuations due to limited disclosure of new business data and careful consideration, while the profit core is used for express delivery operations.
Table 16: fcff valuation results Table 17: fcff valuation sensitivity analysis 1) Express operations.
First, there is a better pattern of competition in the prescription track than in the low-priced electronics track. Timeline business. Business market, though small, is demanding, priced and relatively stable, with the main players being comfortable with ems, with industry cr2 up to 95%. The surplus share is about 79%, with ems.
Five-fold, a smooth straight-line model creates a high-quality industry barrier to business. High-end power suppliers outside commerce also benefit from the epidemic’s acceleration of high-end consumer upgrading, and we expect companies to grow at an overall rate of more than 15% in the next three years.
In the medium term, the industry’s profits continue to decline as a result of a competitive pattern between the top-down, the entrance of new players in Kyoto, and the entry of lower- and middle-end couriers into the “five plus two.”
Second, the ability to make a single delivery is significantly higher than that of the Tonto system. Shun Fung is the only one in the Express market that operates a straight-up model, with high-end firms with product location stable at $21 to $24 in recent years, well above the industry average of $11 to $14, and Māori for a single tontal ticket well above the Tonto system (M$ 0.3 to 0.7 per cent).
In terms of smooth overall profitability, except for 2014 and 2015, when net home country interest rates declined significantly as a result of large increases in costs and costs, the home country net interest rates were relatively stable for the rest of the year. And, as the share of couriers decreased, the overall net interest rate was also lower. So we estimate the net interest rate for smooth terminologies is about 14%.
We give 35-fold to the statute of limitations for the pe-level of the pups, fedex, taking into account the growth of our own production from the Oblast airport. The statute of limitations and sinking operations, taking into account the unpredictability of price intensity over the next three years, our reduced profit expectations, our use.
Ps valuation method, based on the current ps valuation of 1.43 times (ttm), we are careful to give the business 1.2x2 fast-carrying operation a smooth transition to the heavy-cargo fast-carrying market in 2013, with a fast-growing business trend. Fast-carrying service quality determines low market concentration (2.4% of Cr5 in 201800) and lower profit margins in Texas in 2019.
The net interest rate is only 1.25%. Overall, the level of profit from smooth and smooth transport is tied to the pace at which its productive capacity is invested, and profits are uncertain.
Since the first half of 2020, smooth and fast shipments have reached the highest level of volume/volume in the industry, and we believe that they should be given a higher valuation level than in Texas. Or, by reference to the trancheon debt released in February 2020, we give smooth and fast shipments 1.7 times as much as ps based on $3 billion (equivalent to 21.3 billion yuan) before level I market financing.
The industry’s prospects are clear, and the market will switch this business to a pe-valued method, which will greatly exceed the market value we're using the ps-based valuation method. New operations such as cold chains, cosmopolitans, international, supply chains, etc.
At the top of the list, we believe that smooth and cold transport, after further improvements in the network and infrastructure in the future, can create a certain level of competition, yield a higher margin of profit, and give smooth and cold operations a double ps. $60 million a month, valued at approximately $8.2 billion and ps about 1.4 times more, taking into account smooth and easy access to the same city.
Short, we're conservatively giving a double ps. Happiness is still in the early stages of deployment, but the net interest rate on international couriers in reference to the maturity of ups can be nearly twice as high as that for domestic couriers, and we are conservatively giving a double ps to Happiness International.
Supply chain operations, supply chain integration and related services are among the highest-threshold and value-added in the logistics industry. Businesses have high requirements in terms of industry experience, resources, etc., to speed up supply chain operations by acquiring Dungeons (Hong Kong) and Dunho (Beijing).
47.7, 41.7 times the three-year compound growth rate of the net return profit, which is 22.3%, using the segment valuation method, we believe that the rate of increase in the statute of limitations is significantly slower.
If there is a significant slowdown in the size of the statute of limitations, it will have a significant impact on the company’s overall profitability. (2) The risks of new business development. As the size of new operations, such as smooth transport, cold chains, co-city, and international, expands, and the product lines associated with falling prices, such as statute of limitations, grids, etc., will change the company’s management and organizational structure.
The increase in human costs due to labour security policies, population ageing, etc., could lead to a decline in the current Māori rate if not communicated in a timely manner. 4) Express prices have intensified.
No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having done so, nor for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.