The golden leader of the resource endowment, and the harvest of the consolidation of assets, Xu Yida, research assistant, 22nd of July 2024.
▪ The company is the leader of a well-resourced national gold listing company, and has further expanded its resources: by the end of 2023, the company had a share of 28.89 per cent of the silver gold, which is now officially listed, in which Shandong gold (including silver gold) has yellow.
Gold resources amount to 1577.96 tons, gold reserves to 624.63 tons, and gold production to 41.7 tons a year, all of which are industry leaders in terms of volume, reserves and production, after the UV mine.
The Division undertook resource consolidation and integrated development of 14 mining rights, including the Chojia gold mine, which is expected to produce 18.85 tons of gold and metals per year after the birth of the project, with a marked increase in pre-integration mineral production (9.38 tons in 2023); and 2) New Town gold mining: the company took ownership of the New City gold mining rights and integrated the New City gold mine.
(c) Three mountain islands gold mines: preliminary agreement was reached on the company's acquisition of the Western Ridge gold mine in early 2024;
The company consolidated the original mining rights of the three mountain islands and the right to prospecting in the Western Ridge gold mine into a single mining right. According to the Western Ridge gold mine prospecting assessment report, the planned production size of the Western Ridge gold mine was 3.3 million tonnes/year, and gold production was 13.386 tonnes/year (expected to reach production in 2031); 4) Katino: current company ownership
The gold mine namdini gold mine is in its pre-commercial phase, and the project has reached the post-natal stage, with an annual disposal capacity of 9.5 million tons of ore, with an average annual production of 8.438 tons of rough ingots (expected to come into production in 2024q4).
At the end of the economy, high interest rates stifled real economic demand, and the US long-term debt returns have long fallen. The downside of real interest rates is expected to further boost the price of gold.
Gold in Shandong (600547), gold taps, volume prices  market value of company tons of equity resources is low in the industry and performance is flexible: gold in Shandong now holds 1325.33 tons of gold equity resources, measured on the market value of the collection on 18 July.
The company’s gold operations are more concentrated, benefiting fully from the profitability projections and investment ratings: we expect the revenue from Shandong gold in 2024-2026, respectively.
High security margins, so coverage for the first time, gives companies a “buy-in” rating. Not as much as expected risk; higher than expected gold prices due to global macroeconomic fluctuations; lower risks associated with a stronger dollar; and weak gold prices as a result of a global central bank’s cessation of gold purchases or collective gold sales.
1. Corporate overview: The resource-efficient old Golden Dragon Company, Shandong Gold Mining Co. Ltd. was established in 2000, listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange Board in August 2003, listed on the Hong Kong United Exchange Board in September 2018 and held on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange Board in 2023.
The company, which is based on gold mining, has a complete industrial chain of exploration, mining, mineral extraction, smelting (refining) and gold products, which is sold in one form, with gold production, resource reserves, economic efficiency, science and technology levels, and human talent leading the country’s gold industry.
1.1. The company’s equity structure is stable, with Shandong Gold Group as its de facto controller The company actually controls Shandong Province’s State Finance Committee and Shandong Gold Group as its major shareholder. As of the first quarter of 2024, Shandong Gold Group Limited held 37.85 per cent of the company’s shares directly and indirectly held shares through wholly-owned subsidiaries
The company’s controlling shareholder, the Shandong Gold Group, formerly the Shandong Province Gold Industries Corporation, is now a sole-owned State-owned company funded separately by the East Province People’s Government, which effectively controls the Shandong Province State Finance Committee, which holds a share in the stock ratio.
The company’s development path revolves around a holistic approach to internal and external growth, expanding the commercial landscape through the continuous integration of excellent gold and mineral resources, both within and outside the country. 1) In 2002-2011, the company built its foundation on mines in Shandong Province, where it acquired a number of high-quality resources.
(b) In 2012-2016, corporate resource mergers and acquisitions took place throughout the country. During this period, companies made purchases that included the rights and interests of various mines, such as the Fujiang gold mine, and the right to explore new mining areas in the Heilongjiang area, to achieve a national layout; and) 2017-2020, the company ' s domestic layout was improved and its overseas resources gradually expanded.
At this stage, the company acquired 50 per cent of the shares in the first Argentine gold mine, the Belladro gold mine, in 2017, and in 2020, the company acquired 100 per cent of the shares in Ghana's Catino Resources Ltd. by way of an out-of-the-office offer, further expanding the distribution of its resources, completing the agreement to acquire 20.93 per cent of the shares in silver and silver and gold, and completing the acquisition of control over silver and Thai gold.
Annual mineral gold production peaked at 41.78 tons in the calendar year, an increase of 8.03 per cent over the same year.
Gold-related operations are dominated in the main business of Shandong Gold Mining Co. Ltd., the main products of which are home-grown gold, out-sourcing alloys (hereinafter referred to as " out-of-pocket gold " ) and petty gold bars.
The impact has been greater, with the company ' s total revenue having been growing steadily since 2016, with the net return profit running from 2017 to the impact of the safety accident, resulting in a shock to the operation of the main layout in mines in Shandong Province, a decline in the company ' s own gold production and a reduction in the size effect that led to a sharp drop in the return in 2021 and a shift in the net return to the mother ' s profit.
During the year, with the resumption of production in the main mines and the gradual recovery of self-generated gold production, total operating income continued to grow, reaching 59,275 million yuan, or +18 per cent, and a net return profit of 2,328 million yuan, or +87 per cent. The company's out-of-pocket gold business contributed mainly to the collection of gross proceeds, its own capital contributed mainly to Māori, and the M&A of silver and Thai gold grew significantly.
Gold production. The company’s gold business was the main driver of performance growth, with the company focusing further on its main business in 2023, with gold accounting for 94.42 per cent of total revenue. By breakdown, the company’s out-of-pocket gold business accounted for the largest share of total revenue, 42.57 per cent; and self-generated gold contributed the largest share to Maori, 94.51 per cent.
The Māori rate decreased significantly in 2021 as a result of the suspension of industrial inspections in the provinces at the beginning of the year. After 2022, the company actively resumed work and the price of the gold rose in a cycle, while the company achieved a full increase in the value of its own capital in 2023, with 41.8 tons of its annual output in 2023 + 8 per cent; and 39.6 tons of sales.
Main mines have been restored to production, supercharged and refined management, and economies of scale companies have been operating more efficiently. At the beginning of 2021, as a result of two security incidents in Shandong Province, neither of which were owned by the company, gold mining enterprises in Shandong Province began security checks since February 2021, at the request of the local government authorities.
As a result, the company’s productive capacity has been significantly affected, with a sharp decline in corporate gold sales in the first half of the year, which has had a significant impact on company performance. The significant decline in corporate own-owned gold sales has led to a decline in corporate sales of Maori, which has affected corporate profits and, in turn, a decline in the same ratio of indicators that affect a company’s net return to its home, per share.
After 2022, with the resumption of major mining operations in Shandong Province, the company continued to deepen its efficiency gains, while, with the gradual recovery in gold prices, the company ' s profitability level began to recover in the low valley. In 2023, the net asset yields of the company continued to return to 8 per cent of the area, with steady improvements in the company ' s productivity and operational efficiency and significant increases in its profitability.
2. The company is rich in mineral resources, actively integrating mergers and acquisitions, and potentially more space for development. The gold resource endowment of Shandong is rich, forming a chain of leading gold industries at home and abroad. By the end of 2023, Shandong Yellow and Gold Limited (excluding silver and Thai gold) owned a total of 16 gold-type mines, of which 14 are located in the interior,
1 exterior mine, 1 in progress, with a gold stock of 1431.3 tons, 545.97 tons of gold, an average gold resource of 1.72 g/ton and a reserve of 1.32 g/ton; and a gold reserve of 146.66 tons and a gold reserve of 78.67 tons, with an average gold resource of 3.22 g/ton and a stock of 3.22 g/ton.
At 3.62 g/t, gold production from Shandong was 41.78 tons in 2023 and equity production was 35.69 tons, all of which are located in the main mines in Shandong Province, including the company's main mines, the three mountain islands gold mine, the Kaji gold mine, the New Town gold mine and the Xinjiang gold mine; the distribution of gold outside the province includes Fujian, Inner Mongolia, Gansu and Xinjiang; and the offshore mines
The mountains include the Belladro and Katino gold mines. By the end of 2022, the company had 61 mining rights covering more than 1320 square kilometres.
According to the company's announcement, the four mines owned by the company are “China's 10 mines are the first to produce over 100 tons of accumulated gold in the country, making the company the only listed company in the country with four productions of over 100 tons of gold, which are also the main contributors to the company's gold reserves, up to 2022”.
At the end of the year, the total design capacity of the gold mining plant in Shandong was 53,650 tons per day.
In keeping with the idea of “closing a group, consolidating a group, upgrading a group” and following the principle of “one subject”, which is to promote the retention of a mining owner in an integrated area and a production operator within a mining right. In order to implement the programme for the integration of mineral resources in gold mines at various levels of government in Shandong Province and Smoky City, the company is working on the Jiao gold mine and the New Town gold mine, respectively.
In 2022, the Ministry of Natural Resources of Shandong obtained a mining licence for two integrated gold mines: the Kiaojia mine, and the New Town gold mine. The Kiaojia gold mine is the gold mine with the largest current production and the best prospects for integrating property rights.
One of the largest modern mines produced by the gold industry in the country is known for its wealth of gold resources and advanced mining technology, and economic efficiency has been at the top of the Golden Group for many years. By the end of 2023, the Jor gold mine had 349.25 tons of gold and 75.4 tons of reserves, with an average stock of 3.96 g/t.
According to the feasibility study revealed by the company, out of the 14 mining rights covered by this integration, Kao, Gokiyama, Temple, Pond, Pond II, East Quantue and Zhao are all established mines.
For unbuilt mines, the mass of the mine bodies involved is about 6.7 km north-south, with a maximum depth of about 1,150 m, which is difficult and relatively complex to exploit. By integrating the area and existing works in the Jia gold belt, combined with integrated planning, scale development, standardized operational mining and centralized operations, the current number of mining sites in the Jia gold belt can be effectively addressed.
The integration of the Jock gold mining operation will facilitate the expansion of the company’s production and resource reserves, using synergies to increase the size and profitability of the company’s assets.
Based on a six-year construction period of the project, assuming that the project will take three years to reach full capacity, the integrated gold mine will have a mining capacity of 6.6 million tons per year in 2030, with an average of 3.04 grams per ton of minerals, 290,000 tons of annual gold concentrate, and 18.85 tons of gold metal, compared to the pre-integrated mineral production.
At the end of the year, the New Town gold mine had a total of 199.41 tons of gold and a reserve of 58.4 tons, with an average stock of 3.34 g/t, the third largest gold mine in Shandong. In 2021, the company acquired Tianjong mining, and its red-buret and mining operations were integrated into the New Town gold mine; in 2022, the new city gold mine obtained a mining licence from the new town gold mine integrated with the Ministry of Natural Resources of Shandong.
The new city gold mine is under way and is expected to contribute 7.77 tons/year of gold production to the post-natal phase of the expansion. The new city gold mine is dominated by the new city gold mining rights, integrating deep and peripheral exploration of the new city gold mine, gold exploration in the Quaker area, mining rights in the red-bureau area, deep and peripheral gold exploration, and so forth, and is being developed in a unified manner, including the new city gold mine (mining rights),
According to the feasibility study, after the completion of the new city integrated gold development project, it is expected that the average number of mines selected will reach 8,000 tons per day, a larger increase than the current 6,500 tons per day; and that the average annual production of floating gold concentrates will reach 1196 million tons (with gold content of 7771 kg per year), with greater scope for increasing production than the current 5.41 tons per year.
Figure 14: New Town gold mineral volume (tons) Figure 15: New Town gold deposit level 2.2. The company acquires control over silver and Thai gold to further boost resource accumulation
In order to further boost the storage of resources and enhance the competitiveness of the overall market, in August 2023, the company formally acquired control over silver gold, held a total of 28.89% of silver gold by agreement and increased ownership of the secondary market, and the gold was formally included in the Sandong gold list.
At the end of 2023, the company had five mining companies, the Yu Dragon Mining, Black Rock, the Jilin Tablet Temple, the Qinghai Big Chaidan and the Huasin Gold Mine, of which the Black River Rock, the Gilling Tablet Temple,
In 2023, silver and silver were held in gold, with a stock of 78.67 tons of gold and a taste of 3.22 g/t, 4.62 g/t, the main products of which were alloys (silver), silver-containing lead concentrates and zinc concentrates, and from which the product was essentially the standard gold production standard.
Silver-Thai gold costs are low in industry, good profitability, and net sales interest rates are far higher. Silver gold costs are only $176.4/g in 2023, which is significantly lower than their counterparts, with 60.76% of alloys in 2023, and is more cost-competitive in the same sector where gold is the main business.
With good fee management, Silver-Thai gold sold at a net interest rate of 19.35 per cent in 2023, ahead of its peers. 2.3. The company’s gold deposit has a large potential for growth.
The stockholders, the Shandong Gold Group, hold a total of 30 gold mineral prospecting rights located in China, estimated on the basis of the Chinese resource reserves, with a total of approximately 846,436 tons of gold resources recorded under the rules and assessed by the relevant authorities, 10 of which are located in China, and a total of 95,217 tons of gold resources have been identified.
In order to avoid competition with the company, the Shandong Gold Group, in its previous reorganization, made a commitment to inject into Shandong gold the same or similar business assets in the country that the group and its controlled subsidiaries possess with the same or similar conditions as the Shandong gold masters.
The company intends to acquire the right to explore for prospecting in the Western Ridge. The Western Ridge gold mine, the largest single gold deposit ever discovered in the country, is rich in reserves. According to the 2023 assessment report, the amount of gold ore in the area of mineral prospecting in the Western Ridge is assessed (detection + control + extrapolation) to be 147.28 million tons of gold ore and gold metal.
592.19 tons, with an average gold grade of 4.02g/t, higher than the gold resources of the company (excluding silver and Thai gold) at the end of 2023, which are expected to reach production and contribute to steady profits around the year, and which are expected to further enhance the company ' s production, profitability and core competitiveness. If the Western Ridge gold mines are considered to bring about resource growth, the company (excluding silver and Thai gold) retains 2023.49 tons of gold resources.
On 29 May 2024, the company issued an announcement that it had successfully obtained the Shandong gold mine issued by the Ministry of Natural Resources of Shandong Province.
(Ley) Limited gold mining licence for the three mountain islands, which integrates the original mining rights of the three mountain islands with the right to prospecting in the Western Ridge. Follow-up companies will actively pursue the construction of the integrated gold mining areas in the latter. According to the Western Ridge gold mining rights assessment report, the plan is 3.3 million tonnes/year of production, with a normal production year of yellow.
Gold production is 13.386 tons, which represents a significant increase over the current three mountain islands (5.77 tons in 2023). 2.4. Expanding the distribution of overseas gold mining sources, the company’s overseas resources are promisingly increasing, buying 50 per cent of Argentina’s Belladro gold mine, and Shandong’s gold is officially offshore.
By buying 50% of the shares of Argentinagold (bermuda) iiltd. ("agbii") and the newly issued 2.1547% of the shares of Minaargentinagolds.r.l. ("mag") and buying 50% of the shares of the mag owned by Barik Gold.
Indirect ownership of 50 per cent of the mag, the company operated jointly with Barek on the mag-owned veladero gold mine in Argentina, and each formally began the layout of the overseas gold mine at a 50 per cent scale. As of 2023 tons, the stock was 0.7 g/t.
The immersion project went well, and the 2024 production guide for the Belladro project went up again. By the end of 2023, the Bé Ladro 7a immersion site expansion project had been successfully completed, phase 7b had begun in the third quarter of 2023 and was expected to be completed in 2024. The 207,000 ounces of gold produced by the Belladro gold mine had been completed throughout the year 2023, exceeding that amount.
Based on Barric ' s 2024 production guidelines for the Belladro gold mine, gold production is expected to be in the range of 21.24 million ounces (50 per cent equity) for the year at a cost of approximately $1340-1440 per ounce for sale, at a cash cost of approximately $1010-1090 per ounce and at a full maintenance cost of approximately $1490-1590 per ounce.
In 2020, Shandong gold made its first off-site offer to Katino through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Shandong Gold Hong Kong, after several negotiations to raise the price, and in March 2021 the Public Administration completed the acquisition of 100% of the company's shares, making it the capital of Shandong Gold Hong Kong.
The company, while further promoting the construction of the Catino Company, decided to introduce the Catino Project into China's International Investment in Iron Construction Ltd. (“the Iron State Investment”) as a strategic partner, granting 15 per cent of the shares of the two project affiliates, namely, the Cardinal Namdinimining and the Cardinalresourcesghana, respectively, in the form of a replenishment of the equity build-up.
The core assets of Katino are three gold mines in Ghana, Africa, of which the Namdini project has commercial prospects. The core assets of Katino include the Namdini and Bolgatanga gold project in the green rock belt of Bole-nangodi in north-east Ghana, and the subranum gold in the green rock belt of Sefwi in south-west Ghana.
Project. The bolgatanga and subranum gold projects are still in the pre-exploration phase, while the namdini gold miners are in the pre-commercial phase and the plant pcm project is currently being selected to complete long-cycle equipment orders and is proceeding as planned with base watering/tonne, gold storage of 157.2 tons and stocking of 1.13 g/t. According to the feasibility study report, the project reached a level of 1.13 g/t.
After childbirth, the annual amount of ore disposed of can reach 9.5 million tons, with an average annual production of 8.438 tons of gold.2.5 The company's gold business is highly concentrated and fully benefits from the rise in gold prices, which, based on comparable gold sales in 2023 and single-ton sales prices, are likely to increase the price of gold in the future differently.
Under the circumstances, Shandong's gold profits increased by 27%, 45%, and 63%, respectively, with a strong performance margin, after the bottom of the scale. 3. The stagnating cycle plus weaker dollar credit, the gold begins to rise upwards.
In the traditional gold-pricing model, gold can be considered a “zero-interest debt” and the real interest rate on US debt serves to some extent as an opportunity cost to hold gold.
Long-term real interest rates in the United States are significantly negative in large cycles. Because the nature of gold is equivalent to an interest-free asset, as the expected return on the dollar rises, i.e. the real interest rate rises, the market holds a stronger dollar and the gold price holds pressure, and vice versa, when the real interest rate falls, i.e., when the dollar is less attractive, the market prefers to hold the gold in order to preserve it.
The US-debt yield curve has long fallen, and the recession is expected to intensify. Because of long-term higher rates of return and uncertainty, long-term bonds usually have a higher rate of return than short-term bonds.
The currency overspills increased liquidity inflation, and the United States announced interest hikes in March 2022, raising federal benchmark interest rates from 0 to 0.25% to 5.25 to 5.5% of the high interest rate range. As long-term interest hikes curbed real economic demand, the two-year US debt returns from April 2022 to the 10-year period had long fallen, and the US-American manufacturing pmi had a long-term spread.
In the restricted areas below the Quantities Line, the Federal Reserve has increased interest rates further in the context of lower macroeconomic pressures, reduced space, reduced interest-rate-reduction cycles or the coming of interest rates, and the downside of nominal interest rates is expected to open the gold upswings of real interest rates. Figure 25: The recession in the European and American economies (%)
The economy has stagnated, the United States has increased fiscal spending, inflation is expected to fall, and the price of gold has been set back to inflation. Given the pre-earmark currency surges and commodity price hikes, the Fed has curbed real demand by raising interest rates, and against this background, if demand is maintained at its current low level, high inflation is persistent, and the economy is stagnating.
Under the above-mentioned framework, the recession in Europe and America is expected to intensify gradually, and the US is expected to slow again after a brief upturn in the quarter, so we believe that the subsequent stagnation will continue in the context of the economy.
The recovery pressure remains, nominal interest rates have been temporarily and there is no room for upswing, and inflation expectations are causing real interest rates to drop, and gold prices are expected to remain strong. Given the weakening credit of the US dollar, central banks’ demand for gold supports the price of gold to rise steadily.
The rapid growth of indebtedness is not conducive to the stability of the debt structure, especially at a lower rate of economic growth, and the dollar’s credit is further undermined by a lack of financial resources and excessive leverage. The dollar has been the most important global sovereign currency for decades, be it the Bretton Woods system or the subsequent “oil dollar” that appears to be both the dollar and the hard currency.
The US Federal Reserve continued to expand after the epidemic, with the US government totaling $34 trillion in debt at the end of 2023, well above the US total value of gdp of $27.36 trillion in 2023. Unrestricted currency excesses triggered inflation.
The strength of the anti-inflationary and preservation properties of gold has been highlighted, and central banks’ willingness to buy money has increased considerably. Gold itself is denominated in dollars, and the dollar is an alternative in the monetary system, so gold prices are in most cases negative to the dollar.
At a time of high global inflation and high economic uncertainty, emerging-market central banks need more tons of gold, a record increase of 140.36% over the previous year, with the global central bank buying 1,034 million tons of gold net in 2023, and there is still room for a significant increase in emerging-market central-bank purchases, based on the size of gold holdings in developed markets. According to the world’s yellow,
According to the Gold Association, central bank gold reserves in major developed countries such as the United States, Germany and France account for more than 60 per cent of their foreign exchange assets, while stocks of gold reserves are relatively high; while developing countries account for a significantly lower share of foreign exchange, as of the first quarter of 2024, China ' s official gold reserves increased by a total of 27 to 2.262 tons, while the share of Chinese national gold reserves rose to foreign exchange.
4.6 per cent compared to about 9 per cent of developing countries in India and more than 60 per cent of developed countries in German law. Figure 31: Large increase in global central bank purchases (tons, per cent) Figure 32: Share of countries ' gold reserves in foreign exchange assets (%)
4.1. Core assumptions and profit projections, based on the macroeconomic situation and the company ' s own business strategy, provide a price core assumption for the company ' s future operations: 1) Self-generated gold production: as the integration of gold rights in the Jorjia and New Town gold mines continues, the return to production in the Linglong gold mine
Further progress in the resumption of work, and the imminent arrival of the Katino mine, we expect to produce 41.41/46.29/51.89 tons of home-grown gold in 2024-2026 in the main part of Shandong gold, respectively; gold prices according to the company issued by Silver-Thai gold; 2) gold prices: we believe that the Fed is already in a interest-reduction cycle, with economic data for individual months
The move will not change the overall trend; moreover, we believe that in the current context of “weak dollar credit”, global central bank purchases provide solid support for gold prices, relative to the share of gold held in developed markets and their foreign reserves, and that purchases of gold by emerging market central banks are on a continuous basis, and that demand is becoming a gold price.
We predict the cost of gold mining in 2024-2026, with an average annual price of 3 gold: based on the company ' s historical gold extraction costs, as well as objective conditions such as declining mineral grade and deeper extraction, we expect that the company ' s own gold cost will remain annual in 2024-2026.
Based on the company’s business strategy and future industry trends, we expect the revenue from Shandong gold from 2024-2026 to be 29/24/23 times the current pe. 4.2.1. The market value of the company’s tons of equity resources is low in the industry and there is still room for an increase over the company’s historical valuation
By the end of 2023, Shandong gold had 1577.96 tons of gold and 132.533 tons of equity resources, which, based on the market value of the collection on 18 July, had a market value of 96 million yuan; based on the company ' s initial agreement on the acquisition of the Western Ridge gold mine at the beginning of 2024, it is expected that it will reach production in 2031 and contribute to a stable profit.
We measure that after the completion of the West Ridge gold mine, Shandong's gold equity resources amount to 1917.52 tons, with a ton of equity resources at a market value of only 66 million yuan per ton, which is low in the industry, with a larger upswing than the average comparable company, based on the company's current abundance of resources and potential future storage space, the company's historical valuation as a whole.
Performance: The first round of the rise in the gold cow market was the first time since the Federal Reserve released interest-reduction signals at the beginning of June 2019, and the last rate-reduction in the year ended at the end of October of that year, with Shandong gold valued at 61 times the average value for the 12 months of its value during the first round of gold-raising; the second round of the rise in the gold cow market was re-established by the Federal Reserve in March 2020
On 11 July 2024, Federal Reserve President Powell released his first round of interest cuts in a speech in Hill Congress on 11 July 2024, when the average value of Shandong gold for 12 months was 52 times that of the dollar as a result of the strengthening of the United States economy until August of the same year.
Signal, we believe that gold will officially open up the highest-achievement phase, and we estimate that the company is now expected to be at greater risk than expected in figure 34: Forwarddpe 1 of Shandong gold during the current wheel of gold cattle) or national mine safety checks.
The company ' s main business is mainly concentrated in gold extraction, and if safety checks on Shandong or national mines are more robust than expected, there is a risk that the closure of some of the company ' s mines will result in a passive reduction in production, which will have a significant impact on the company ' s performance.) The company ' s integration of its own mines is not as fast as expected.
The company’s main business is concentrated in gold-selection operations, which will have a significant impact on the company’s performance if the company’s gold production does not increase as planned owing to the fact that the company’s integration of its own mines is not on track. 3) Global macroeconomic fluctuations have led to higher-than-expected risk of lower gold prices as a result of the strengthening of the United States dollar.
The company’s main operations are concentrated in gold-picking operations, which would have a significant impact on the company’s performance if global macroeconomic fluctuations led to higher dollar and US-debt interest rates. 4) The global central bank’s suspension of gold purchases or collective gold-sales risked weakening the price of gold.
The company’s main business is mainly concentrated in gold selection, and if the global central bank stops buying or collectively selling gold, the price of gold weakens, it will have a significant impact on the company’s performance.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.