Wong Wiesche q4 income confirms a return to rhythm, year-round confirmation meets expectations: the first three quarters of the company picked up faster.
The performance forecast for this year ' s round-up forecast is + 9.1 per cent, q4 single-quarter increase is +23.7 per cent, and we believe that the firm ' s end-of-year revenue recognition has resumed at a pace that is commensurate with expectations.
Net profit-side growth is better than expected: the company ' s 2023 net gain, measured by the median performance increase forecast, is the second highest in almost five single seasons and better than we expected. We think that the increase in the median net interest rate is a steady increase in the average price of the GAC on the one hand, and a portion of the raw material on the other.
Prices are still low, and the company ' s q4 Māori ratio is estimated to have increased. Qingles titanium shares: the company signed an equity transfer agreement with 12 traders on 19 December, and the company was given 24.54% of the shares of Gigi titanium, with a transaction value of RMB 1.01 billion, and upon completion of the concession, the public
The Division will have a combined 72.47 per cent share of titanium votes (of which the company holds 55.01 per cent shares directly in titanium and Ms. Dong Mingju shares in titanium 17.46 per cent). In addition, the company will continue to promote it.
The shares held by other titanium shareholders (excluding the shares held by the chairman of the board, Ms. Dong Min Joo) are given away. The titanium is a combination of core materials, batteries, smart storage systems, new energy vehicle development, production, marketing, and power battery recovery ladders.
The joint new energy industry group, the 2023h 1-G titanium company, collects 1,440 million yuan, net profits - 170 million yuan, total assets - 24.3 billion yuan, total liabilities - 24.25 billion yuan, receivables - 2.70 billion yuan, owner-power titanium management and control, taking full advantage of synergies and reducing internal management costs.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: We raise profit projections in the light of the pre-performance of the company. I have a strong growth in contractual liabilities, a significant increase in the Maori rate, and we look forward to subsequent performance growth. Moreover, better corporate dividends make dividends attractive, and are currently undervalued.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose.