We've got a good upturn, and we've got confidence on the repurchase.
Events: Three-quarterly reports issued by the company in 2023, resulting in gross operating income of $155,812 million, an increase of 5.03 per cent over the same period in the previous year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, $20,92 million, an increase of 9.77 per cent over the same period in the previous year.
31 October 2023 Single-quarter net operating cash flow of $8,736 million, a decrease of 6.20 per cent over the same period; as of the end of the third quarter of this year, corporate contract liabilities of $23,702 million, an increase of 38.1 per cent over the same period, but a decrease in corporate cash flow.
In the third quarter, the Māori rate of corporate sales rose by 30.13%, from 2.69 percentage points to 2.69 percentage points in the same year. Overall, the economy recovered gradually this year, with prices of upstream raw materials stabilized, and shipping prices increased.
The company buys back the company’s shares, buys back up to $50/share, buys back for equity incentives or employee-holding schemes. The company buys back shares in a timely manner, helping to boost long-term shareholder returns and promote management.
Long-term incentive and restraint mechanisms to promote coherence and benefit-sharing between the interests of employees and shareholders, and to highlight the firm position of the corporate air-conditioning industry in the head while the diversification of operations continues to deepen.
I. According to the I Media Report on Grassroots Studies in China ' s Central Air Conditioning Industry for the first half of 2023, in the first half of 2023, GLAC led the market as the first industry, the only brand to break 10 billion in the first half of 2023. In addition to domestic appliances, companies have continued to expand their business practices.
So far, the company has completed industrial layouts from industrial robots to core parts, digital control machines, and offers solutions for customized industrial robot integration applications, large automated production lines. In addition, the company has diversified into photovoltaics, storage, new energy vehicles, semiconductors, medical equipment, etc.
Investment proposals: companies are driven by science, technology and innovation, guaranteed by product quality, comprehensive and deeper reforms, accelerating the intellectual transformation, building on the home power industry, steadily expanding new and diversified businesses and maintaining high quality.
Note: The “market index” of this rating systema has a depth 300 index of reference; the three new three-board reference point is a three-board indicator. The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “middle- and low-risk” level, a “stable” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium-risk” level, a “positive” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium- and high-risk” level, and a “radical” investor to use the various risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.