A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
WuXi AppTec (603259 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
Building cutting-edge expertise to secure long-
Target Price
RMB218.88
term growth
(Previous TP
RMB218.73)
Up/Downside
+56.12%
Earnings slightly beat. WuXi AppTec reported 2020 revenue
Current Price
RMB140.20
RMB16.54bn (+29% YoY) and adjusted non-IFRS net profit of RMB3.56bn
(+48% YoY), in line with our estimates. By segment, China-based lab service
China Healthcare Sector
and CDMO service continued strong growth momentum, delivering 32% YoY
and 41% YoY revenue growth, respectively, contributing 52% and 32% of total
Jill Wu, CFA
revenue. Affected by the COVID pandemic, US-based lab service income
declined 3% YoY and clinical research CRO/SMO service growth slowed
down to 10% YoY. When China-based laboratory services and CDMO
Sam Hu, PhD
services maintained stable margins in 2020, US-based laboratory services
and clinical services experienced 8.7ppts and 9.7ppts gross margin retreat
due to COVID impact. WuXi AppTec continued to expand its customer base
and added over 1,300 new customers with total active customers reaching
Jonathan Zhao
4,200, including all of the top 20 global pharmaceutical companies. Based on
the strong customer demand, WuXi AppTec aims to further grow its employee
size from 26,411 in 2020 (+21% YoY) to 33,600 (+27% YoY) by 2021E.
Mkt. Cap. (RMB mn)
Seize long-term growth opportunities by accumulating cutting-edge
Avg. 3mths t/o (RMB mn)
2,931.44
expertise. WuXi AppTec aims to invest in new capabilities and capacities,
52W High/Low (RMB)
188.3/62.6
Total Issued Shares (mn)
2,135
such as PROTAC, oligonucleotide, peptide, ADC, bi-specific antibody, cell
Source: Bloomberg
and gene therapies, to capture new business opportunities. WuXi STA
(subsidiary of WuXi AppTec) and WuXi Biologics plans to form a JV focused
Shareholding Structure
26.63%
Management
on ADCs and other drug conjugates. With integrated platform, the JV will
60.47%
A-share public shareholders
provide customers end-to-end CDMO services from payloads/linkers,
H-share public shareholders
12.90%
antibodies to finished conjugated drug products under one roof. In 2020, the
Source: Bloomberg
Company also launched China-based cell therapy product CTDMO platform
Share performance
and AAV adherent and suspension manufacturing platform in China.
Furthermore, WuXi AppTec will further explore technologies such as AI,
medical big data and laboratory automation, etc. With technology advantage,
we believe the Company will continue to gain market share from global market.
Strong growth momentum to continue in coming years. We expect China-
12-mth price performance
based laboratory services will grow strongly driven by capacity expansion and
growing demand from biotech companies. WuXi AppTec added 575 projects
to its small-molecule CDMO pipeline in 2020 and its total small-molecule
commercial projects and 45 ph3 projects. The Company's cell and gene
therapy CTDMO projects reached 38 projects (incl. China-based operations),
of which 2-3 products are expected to file BLA in 2021. The Company
registered 41% YoY growth in its SMO backlog in 2020 and 48% YoY growth
in its CDS backlog during the same period. With the ease of the pandemic,
Source: Bloomberg
we expect clinical CRO revenue to see strong recovery in 2021E.
Auditor: Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Maintain BUY. We revised up the net profit of FY21E/22E by 9%/9%, and
forecast the net profit to grow 52%/33% YoY in FY21E/22E respectively.
Related Reports
Moreover, WuXi AppTec's diversified investment portfolio will bring significant
Strong growth outlook in 2021 and
investment gains over the long term. We raised our TP to RMB218.88 (WACC
Accelerated growth in 3Q20 driven by
9.34%; Terminal growth rate 4.00%).
strong performance in CDMO and
Enhance leading position amid
Earnings Summary
Figure 1: FY20A results change
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Target Debt to Asset ratio
30.00%
Effective Corporate Tax Rate
15.00%
Terminal value
456,471
Total PV
533,317
Net debt
(2,921)
536,238
Equity value
# of shares
2,449,965,618
DCF per share (in RMB)
Source: CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Financial Statements
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
SELL
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIS
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in
the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS or
its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS provides the
information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIS is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIS is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or
qualified as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA
Rules intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report
is intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing
to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as
defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced
by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers
Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined
in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the
extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.