Land sweeper share is the world's number one, and it's going to continue to be a big lead strategy.
Data, in 2024, the company ' s share of global land sweep sales was 16%, ranking first. The Chinese market ranked second only, after Kovos; the overseas market ranked second only, after irobot. 3) The company maintained a leading role in product innovation, such as the introduction of a two-arm mop module, the bottom plate lift and down function, etc.; 2025
The annual g30space is a land sweeper with a simulator in the first part of the market. Quasi consumers, upscale advantage: 1) The net profit rate for single-quarters of companies declined rapidly, 2024 net profits for mothers were equal to -43.4%, -27.0%, respectively. 2) The strategy of rock competition is more market-based.
Specific measures include: increasing marketing inputs in China; bearing the cost of tariffs in the United States without raising the price of products; reducing prices in Europe on the one hand, and increasing the proportion of direct sales on the other. As the United States further raises customs duties in China and Viet Nam in 2025, tariff pressure will continue.
If the current strategy continues, companies are expected to take the lead in the market share of China, Europe, and the United States. China’s market countries are elastic in stimulating demand, and Europe’s market channels are well adjusted: 1) Land sweepers are everywhere.
The government has included a wide range of subsidies, such as smart households and home homes. China’s market for land-scanning has been growing at a high rate as a result of the State’s stimulus. The 4q24 company’s partial stock-out, with the increase in domestic sales nearly doubling.) Monthly monitoring by avc shows that retail sales on the land-scagging line grew by 72.3% in January-February 2025, compared to the same amount of stones.
The share of retail sales was 24.7%, an increase of 3.4 pct over the same period. During the same period, the share of online retail sales of company landwashers was 11.8%, an increase of 7.4 pct over the same period. 3) The share of direct sales in the European market increased substantially, reducing distribution, resulting in a significant decline in 3q24 distributor imports.
Sales, direct sales and sales have all returned to growth, with good growth effects. 4) The US market, the stone itself, continues to grow at a rapid rate, with tariffs, and online sales remain the main channel, but in late 2024 they covered 900 bestbuy and 1398 target stores.
The rate of lubricant will stabilize, and the company is expected to re-enter the fast-growing period of income and profits in 2026, maintaining its “recommended” rating of the company. There has been a decline, but the market share has continued to rise, rising to the first line.
Three hundred and thirty-three thousand, 2.84 million, 2.6 million. 3) By the third quarter of 2024, the rock’s competitive strategy was more focused on market shares. Concrete measures include increasing marketing inputs in China; bearing the cost of tariffs in the United States without raising the price of products; and lowering prices on the European side, on the one hand, and significantly increasing the proportion of direct sales on the other, which together led to a decline in profit margins.
In 2024, the change in accounting standards, which attributed part of the cost of sales to production costs, led to a decline in the Māori rate. But, despite this impact, the company’s product-competitive strategy also led to a decline in the overall Māori rate.
From an industrial point of view, the company’s strategic choice is wise. 1) According to the company’s annual report 2024, the company’s owners were confused about the decline in the company’s profit margin in 2024, but given the stage of industrial development, the experience of the users of the sweep has matured and has entered the growth phase of increasing penetration over a long period of time. Against this background, it is common for the industry to capture market shares and achieve scale effects.
If the current strategy continues, companies are expected to take the lead in China, Europe, and the US in the market share of land sweepers. Mostly, firms have increased their market outreach and product R & D, marketing costs, and R & D costs.
In 2024, 3.45 million stone sweepers were sold globally, i.e. 32.9 per cent of the year. According to idc data, 20.6 million global sweepers, i.e. 11.2 per cent of the year, and 16.0 per cent of the market share of stone sales were ranked first, indicating low corporate pressure.
In overseas markets, the market share for stone sales was 14.0% in 2024, followed only by irobot; in the Chinese market, the market share for market sales was only second only to Corvos.
*The difference after China’s share is divided by the global volume - China’s method of delivery, which, according to the data on land sweep app downloads monitored by Sensortower, shows a rapid increase in the number of applications from three major Chinese enterprises, namely, stone, search, and Coworth, abroad, implying a rapid increase in China’s share of clean appliances in the overseas market, with the search for the base being biased.
China’s cleaning power market grew at a very rapid rate in 2024, and the recovery of consumption in old-fashioned pull-up was evident.
Measured data show that in 2024, China's cleaning appliances market was sold at 42.3 billion yuan as the sixth largest electricity class, representing an increase of 24.4 per cent in 2023, or 30.35 million retail items, or 22.8 per cent in the same year, although cleaning appliances were not in the category of “State Supplement 8, most local governments included cleaning appliances in the subsidy range. Prior to the issuance of the policy, the total retail sales of cleaning appliances increased in January-September by the same year-on-year.
11.0%, with a rapid increase in the cumulative annual rate of increase to 46.2% in October-December, benefiting significantly from policy pull. By category, the vacuum cleaners stopped warming, the price of the washing machines continued to compete, and the sweepers became the category that benefited the most from the state supplementation.
The following factors are: 1) all local governments have included land sweepers in the range of subsidies, and the sweepers have the highest policy coverage. 2) Land sweepers have higher unit prices, consumer sensitivity to prices, higher discounts after subsidies, and have a significant impact on consumption. In the area of land washing machines, the dividends of the product cycle have been reduced, competition in the industry has intensified, manufacturers have been pushing for new, lower prices, land washers have been slowing down gradually, retailing has been on the 2024 line.
According to the Ovi cloud network surveillance data, the volume of retail sales on the January-February land sweep line was 1.916 billion yuan, a significant increase of 72.3 per cent over the same period. The demand for land sweeper consumption was released by the State, and the market was growing well.
On-line retail sales are estimated at 473 million yuan, a significant increase of 107.81 per cent over the same period.Figure 23: Retail sales and growth rates on China's land-washing robotics lunar line are higher barriers in the land-cleaning industry and high concentration of brands, but changes in head-brand patterns are evident and competitive.
In 2024, the market share of stone technology in the market on the land sweep line reached 25.1 per cent, an increase of 1.2 percentage points from 2023, and the gap with Coworth (25.5 per cent on the 2024 line) continued to shrink.
Small. With respect to land washing, the company ' s share of retail sales on the line is 5.6 per cent, exceeding that of beauty, delma and mill, in the top three branches of the industry, especially from a monthly point of view, the proportion of retail sales on the stone-scrubbing machine in October 2024 rose rapidly to 13 per cent during the two-first boost period, until February 2025, and if the momentum continues, it is expected that the company ' s share in the market for land washing will be raised in 2024.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.