"Continuing a firm strategy of scale leadership, April 29, 2025.
Continued firm implementation of the scale-up strategy: 1) the company sacrificed part of its profits to increase its share of the market, mainly by increasing marketing costs and not directly lowering the price of its products. 1) The market share of the ground-scaved machine continued to rise: 1) the rock was sold in 2024 through the scale-up strategy
For the first time, it ranked first in the world. 2024 stone sweepers sold 3.45 million (annual bulletin), exceeding the second, 17%. 2) Ovie Cloud Network retail monitoring, January-March 2025, rock sweeper in China, Liu Lith.
The share of retail sales on the line is 23.0 per cent, 26.1 per cent, 25.5 per cent, second and first, but not much different. 3) Sensortower data monitoring, 2025q1 stone overseas market app: liulisi_vj@chinastock.com.cn
The same load + 50% reflects a rapid increase in the sales of stones overseas. The reforms to increase the proportion of stones sold directly on the European line have been effective and have led to rapid growth in Europe; they have also been maintained in the United States and the Asia-Pacific region. 4) For the US tariff effect since April, companies have had more stocks in the US, followed by higher stocks in the US.
South-East Asian suppliers have already been able to supply half of the US sku and actively expand production, so the negative impact of US tariffs will be contained in a smaller range. Landwashers’ share will increase rapidly: 1) Companies will increase the competitiveness of landwasher products and increase the marketing of landwashers
In the last year, the share of the market has risen significantly, becoming one of the most important brands in the market. The new product a30pro steam washing machine has developed steam-heated water clean technologies and has become a new growth point in business. 2) The O-Vi-We-Net retail monitoring, with the share of stones retailed on China ' s landwasher line in January-March 2025.
10.3 per cent, 13.0 per cent, 17.8 per cent, and the market ranking reached third place. 3) Landwashing operations are currently on the move, with low rates of Māori and profit, and an increase in the ratio of landwashing operations is one of the reasons for the decline in the overall Māori and net profit rates of companies.
Investment Recommendations: Given the firmness of the company to implement a scale-first strategy, the profit margin is lower than we expected, the profit period is fast growing, and the company is maintaining its “recommended” rating of the company.The company is currently focusing on upgrading its industrial advantage: 1) by 2020 the company was listed, with a return net profit rate of 30.2% in that year, but for lack of it
In 2023, irobot, Kovos, stone sweepers were sold for 3.03 million, 2.84 million and 2.6 million. 3) By the third quarter of 2024, the rock’s competitive strategy was to increase market share. Concrete measures include increasing marketing inputs in China; bearing tariff costs in the United States without raising the price of products; on the European side.
Face-downs, on the one hand, and a significant increase in direct sales, on the other, have together led to a decline in profit margins. In 2024, rock harvests amounted to $11.9 billion, an increase of 38.0 per cent over the same period. In 2024, the revenues and sales of stone sweeps were among the highest in the world.
From an industrial perspective, the company’s strategic choice is sensible. 1) According to the company’s annual report 2024, the company actually fell in 2024.
In this context, taking up market shares and achieving rules will grow rapidly until it is clear that it is in second place. If the current strategy continues, companies are expected to take the lead in China, Europe, and the United States in their share of the market for land sweeps.
Mostly, the company increased the cost of sales and research and development to enhance market outreach and product development.
(i) State subsidies for the benefit of the market for sales in clean appliances benefit from the promotion of old-news subsidies and new-year promotional activities, the continued growth of clean appliances and a good increase in retail sales on the line based on a higher base for the same period in January 2024. According to the Ovi Cloud Network, retail sales on our cleaning line in January-February 2025
Three hundred and seventy-four thousand, or 36.3% over the same period, and four hundred and sixty-six hundred and sixty-eight million yuan over the same period, or 42.9% over the same period, have kept the industry's sales heat in higher areas, with old and new policies in place. Of these, 62.9%/53.4% were retail/retail sales on the January-March line.
Figure 9: Changes in average prices on the floor sweeper line Figure 12: Retail volumes on the ground sweep robot line and increase in speed on the same scale Figure 11: Retail sales on the ground sweep robot line and increase in speed on the same basis
Figure 15: Retail sales on the landwasher ' s monthly line and the same rate of increase (ii) China ' s share of businesses in the global market for land sweepers has grown rapidly. idc data show that the global market for smart sweeps produced 206.03 million items throughout the year in 2024, compared to the same year in 2023
China’s volume rose by 11.2% to 5.39 million, an increase of 6.7% over the same period, with four quarters being stimulated by a “state supplement” policy, irobot, Kovos, Mi, who accounted for 16.0%, 13.7%, 13.5%, 9.7%, and 8.0%, respectively, of its share in the global market.
Developed country markets, both online and under-line, and R & D sales are synchronous. Irobot’s global output fell by 6.7 per cent in 2024, with a 2.6 per cent drop in share, was hit by Chinese manufacturers in Western Europe and Asia and the Pacific, and the market space was squeezed. Its localization in emerging countries’ markets is weak, and product lines are relatively homogeneous, and may constrain long-term growth.
According to Sensortower data, search, stone, and Kovos downloads are growing rapidly, and sharkninja downloads are growing slowly, indicating that China’s market share abroad of land sweeper brands is increasing rapidly.
Given the firmness of the firmness of the corporate lead strategy and the lower-than-expected profit margin, we have revised our profit projections downwards, with the firm expected to stabilize and the company expected to re-enter a period of rapid income and profit growth in 2026, maintaining a “recommend” assessment of the company's risk of increased competition and uncertainty in the international trading environment.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.