The industrial plate continues to grow rapidly, the commercial plate is integrated with the drug Condellé, and the 60 priority varieties of the industrial plate are increasing significantly over the same period of the previous year.
The company's $2018h1 pharmaceutical industry generated revenues of $9.627 billion, rising from year to year, mainly as a result of the company's continued focus strategy on priority products, 60 priority varieties.
A wide range of ways to build competitive edges in terms of awareness, regional coverage, etc., leading to rapid product growth, income structure (2017y) companies adopt a model combination of R & D strategies, costing 479 million R & D inputs for 2018h1
In terms of innovative medicines, the company obtained six clinical batches of recombinant monoclon anti-her2-mcc-dm1 combinants, and one clinical declaration of sph4480 raw materials and their tablets. In terms of generics, the company continued to promote generics.
Sex evaluation, fluorine capsules became the first approved product in the country, and in the last six months, the Catopuri stock was the first approved product in the country to compare 300 depths.
With regard to industrial investment mergers and acquisitions, the company 2018h1 acquired 51 per cent of Zhejiang ' s shareholding and promoted the extension of the sole-sourced silver alcotone ester to high-end preparations: further acquisition of 26 per cent of Guangdong Tianpu and becoming a shareholder in the Guangdong Tsai General Holdings, filling in the company ' s treatment of natural urine protein drugs and severe stress disorders.
The domain is empty and rich in product lines that companies have sold over a billion: acquiring three-dimensional minority shares in Shanghai and achieving full equity, building biopharmaceutical platforms and upgrading companies' competitive advantage in the area of genetic therapy, immunocell treatment and bioresistance of bioinnovatives.
In our view, the corporate industrial block has been able to increase significantly over the same period in the previous year through such strategies as focused product focus strategies, enhanced marketing, and 60 priority varieties have increased significantly over the same period in the previous year, driving the industrial sector as a whole to maintain a faster growth in income while further increasing the Māori rate.
The distribution plate was successfully consolidated with Condolence and enriched with imported drug varieties The pharmaceutical distribution business of company 2018h1 achieved sales revenue of $6.6252 billion, an increase of 13.21 per cent, Māori was 6.68 per cent, an increase of 0.62 percentage points, and the integration of the drug Condélé.
The company, as the largest imported pharmaceutical service provider in the country, signed a product strategic cooperation agreement with China and China on the pd-1 heavy-pound new drug, Odivo; and with Abe.
In addition, the company obtained a blood-separation spectra at the Tarmo Division of Japan and its associated consumption, the Charles Pharmacy Protein in Ireland.
Total national distribution rights for all important imported products, such as bottled products. Retailed plates have grown robustly and have continued to push forward innovative operations, such as dtp services.
The company owns 50 dispensaries and 77 dispensaries in the hospital grounds. The company is involved in the Shanghai Community Integrated Reform (SAC) extension project, which has assisted in disciplining, and now covers 230 community doctors in Shanghai.
In the first half of the year, more than 1.3 million electronic prescriptions were processed, more than 220 hospitals were connected, and doctors accumulated more than 130,000. Meanwhile, Yun's health started up with Kandler's Chinese dtp pharmacy.
Together, the company’s largest new drug dtp service network will be further established with the Kandler Chinese dtp door shop joining. Industry policy risks, such as double vote, are expected: M&As are not as fast as expected: M&As, regions
Risks of declining Māori rates due to, inter alia, high competition in the local market; risk of less than expected price assessment for generic pharmaceutical consistency;
The competitive advantage is expected to increase the share of pure sales in the current round of industry shuffling and to take up a larger share of the market. Moreover, the synergies between firms and businesses are evident, the industrial sector adheres to a focus strategy in the field of treatment and focused products, maintaining a faster growth and a long-term abundance of research varieties.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.