The Shanghai Medicines (601607) incident review, and the Caltopuli application for new medications was accepted through the consistency evaluation of sph 4480.
In addition, the company's clinical application for chromosome 1 drug sph 4480 was accepted. The company was one of the first companies to pass through the company through the consistency evaluation.
Blood pressure and heart failure, with a national sales income of $7,887 million in 2017. iqvia-chpa data show that the hospital for this drug was purchased in 2017 at a cost of RMB 3.325 million, of which the company’s controlling subsidiary, Changzhou, accounted for 14.23 per cent of the total. Katopli films are 289 catalogues of medically protected drugs, and there are now more businesses that sell the drug, including the Shanghai Xiaodong Hai Pharma Company Ltd., and the Shandong Rohin Pharmacy Collection.
This time, the company's Catoply (25mg, tablets) was one of the first companies to have been evaluated through consistency. As the range of drugs evaluated through consistency will receive greater support in areas such as health care payments and purchases by health-care institutions, this time, through a pseudopharmaceutical consistency evaluation, it will help to expand the company's market for cartopolis.
The company has developed a clinical trial for the ph4480 drug, which was processed by the National Drug Control Service, as a declared clinical trial for the treatment of diabetes mellitus.
Dgat-1 inhibitors can be targeted to reduce the level of glycerine tricetone in plasma as a key enzyme for treating diabetes and obesity by suppressing dgat-1 (dgat-1 is the key enzyme for synthetic glycerine in the body). dgat-1 is an important target for treating diabetes, there is no domestic or external listing of the same target drug, and there is no application for registration of the same product in China. To date, the company has invested cumulatively in the drug.
After the application is processed, clinical research will have to be conducted through a review and approval by the National Drug Control Service and after obtaining a clinical trial batch. Diabetes is a major disease in the country, with a large number of cases and a large market for medicines.
On the one hand, the company continues to promote a consistent evaluation and is now leading the country in terms of the number of products set up, with a cumulative total of three varieties completed.
Evaluation and implementation of the declaration, with nearly one-second product entering the clinical research phase: on the other hand, the negative impact of the two-vote system on the company's business operations is expected to be based on a 300-percent index of the rating system's “market index” index, and I have a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, in a diligent and professional manner, and in an independent and objective manner.
This report is presented to the extent that you are aware of it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.