Shanghai Medicine (601607), mid-2018.
Industry and business performance have grown rapidly, and profit growth has been hampered by the decline in the performance of participating firms. In the first half of 2018, corporate profitability continued to increase steadily, with a combined Māori rate of 14.10 per cent, an increase of 0.17 percentage points over the same period the previous year.
96.27 billion yuan, an increase of 28.31 per cent over the same period; net profit from the pharmaceutical industry ' s main business contribution of 906 million yuan, and good performance and market expectations in the pharmaceutical industry and the pharmaceutical business. The overall profit growth of companies continues to improve the country ' s distribution market layout and the import of medicines is progressing well in the first half of 2018.
On the one hand, on the other hand, the integration of the upper medicine Condéla is on track and is expected to continue.
Six months will see a new management framework and model. On the other hand, the company, as the country’s largest importer of pharmaceutical products, signed a product strategic cooperation agreement with China’s P.S. S. Precious Pharmaceuticals Ltd. on a pd-1 pound new drug, and signed an instant inspection with China.
Strategic co-operation in the production of test products and national distribution agreements between the two sides in the distribution of the product and in the field of logistics. Coherent evaluation, innovative drug research and development are actively advanced, and companies are expected to become more competitive in the pharmaceutical industry.
In the first half of the year, R & D costs were 479 million yuan, a rapid increase of 28.29%. Consistency assessment, the company's fluorine capsules became the first approved product in the country.
In the first half of the year, the company received six clinical batches and one drug was officially declared.
In terms of pharmaceutical investment, the company acquired 51 per cent of the shareholding in the Zhejiang Xinxuan pharmaceutical industry in the first half of the year, holding the holdings, biochemistry, full ownership of the Shanghai Three-D Biotechnology Company, and participation in China's Conort Stock Company, which is expected to enhance the company's core industrial competitiveness.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company's relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.