A review of the Shanghai Medicines (601607) incident, and a consistent evaluation of the pharmaceutical industry and commerce through the fluorine capsules.
The company announcement states that the Consort's hydrazine capsule (hereinafter referred to as “Meso-Western Pharmaceuticals”) of the controlled subsidiary China Sea Pharmacy Pharmaceuticals Ltd. The Consistency Assessment has been steadily advancing through a consistent evaluation. The hydrazine capsule is used to treat a variety of depressive paralyses, including mild or severe depression, bidirectional psychodepressive depression, heart-based depression and depression neurological depression.
According to the data, 71.1 million yuan was purchased in 2017 for the fluorine capsule hospital, of which 1.77 per cent was sold for pharmaceutical products in the western and central parts of the company ' s holding subsidiary. The fluorine capsule is a medically protected type B drug, but is not included in the 289 catalogues. There are currently more manufacturers, including Changzhou Huaseng Pharmaceuticals Ltd., Su Central Chemical Medicines Industries Ltd., Shanxi Source Medicines Group Inc., and Su State Yu Pharmacy.
The company, Tai Chi, Chongqing Mahal Pharmaceuticals, Ltd., and the former researcher, Relai, USA. As the range of drugs evaluated through consistency will receive greater support in areas such as health insurance payments and procurement by health-care institutions, this time, through a pseudopharmaceutical consistency evaluation, has the advantage of increasing the market share of the company's fluorine capsules, enhancing market competitiveness, and conducting a pseudopharmaceutical consistency assessment for company follow-on products.
The impact of the two-vote system on the transfer operation will be reduced, and performance is expected to improve in the second half of this year. The two-vote system is intended to regulate the distribution of medicines, correct “passing” and “rolling” behaviour in the industry and reduce the prices of end-use drugs.
In the short term, the two-vote system will have a negative impact on the transfer of business, but in the medium and long term, the net sales ratio will increase, favouring high-market growth in industries with a stronger end-course capacity. And the net sales ratio will lag behind the decline in the transfer of business, generally one to two quarters.
In terms of consistency evaluation, innovative drug research and development, the pharmaceutical industry is well advanced. In terms of consistency evaluation, companies continue to move forward with consistency evaluation, which currently leads the country in terms of the number of products set up, and nearly one-two products are entering the clinical research phase. In terms of innovation research and development, companies continue to accelerate the development of innovative projects, the company ' s hydroxyretine impurity tablets (to be used to treat chronic abnormal immune activations of AIDS), notes.
Joint investment proposal with recombinant monoclon anti-mcc-dm1 combinant (to be used for her2 positive late-stage breast cancer second-line treatment)
The rating system for securities investment: The rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and I have been independently and objectively present in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented to the extent that you are aware of it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.