Tons of coal sales have led to improved performance and a steady increase in the benefits of smelting coal.
Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) of a ton of coal sales for improved performance, a steady increase in the benefit of metallurgical coal, maintenance of the “buy-in” rating, three quarterly reports issued by companies, business income of $33.01 billion in the first three quarters of 2023, compared with 17.4 per cent of the return.
The company, as the only country-level high-technology company in the coal industry, has a strong cost-control capacity and is still undervalued, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Q3 main coal industry ring ratio has increased, and tons of coal has improved.
By variety, 2023q3 sprayed coal and mixed coal sales were 567.67 million tons, ring dollars/tons, ring + 4.6 per cent, while the market price for coal blowing in Shanxi fell from $1277/ton to $1,223q2 per ton in 2023q3, a decline of 5.8 per cent despite the company ' s structure of 2023q3 tons of coal.
High coal prices are expected to be high and production capacity is still increasing, with high dividends highlighting the value of investment, and high coal prices are expected to be high: since the July meeting of the Central Political Bureau, there has been a clear intention of a steady increase in central growth, with a combination of the increased security levels caused by the coal mine accidents since 2023, which have made it difficult for the rate of start-up to increase significantly, and the price of coal to rise.
There is still an increase in coal production: the company's semi-annual coal production report shows that the project has been solidified. In addition, the book balance of the construction project (600,000 tonnes/year) has continued to increase, and the joint test running point is or will be approaching.
There is still an increase in future production capacity. The company, as a domestic coal blowtorch, has excellent cost-control capacity that has not increased steadily - the company's semi-annual report.
The value of the investment is clear: taking into account the trend in coal prices, we expect the company to realize a net return of $10.88 billion in 2023, and if the company maintains the 2022 bonus rate, the value of the investment – the company's annual report and its quarterly report.
The year-round performance has grown significantly, with attention to blow-out bombs - report of the company's annual report.