The company's in-depth report  The pharmaceutical biology industry's performance is increasing at the rate expected, innovating the champions of the industry, Heung Swe's medicine (600276.sh)
Xiaoqi Wang grew by 25.89 per cent; mother's net profit increased by $4.066 billion, or 26.39 per cent, compared to the previous year; and the deduction of non-motherhood.
Of this amount, $4,959 million was collected in the fourth quarter of 2018, representing an increase of 31.56 per cent in the same year; Mon Yung Wei's net return profit of $1,154 million, representing an increase of 29.79 per cent in the same year; and the deduction of non-repatriation net profit of $1,024 million.
Innovative R & D has been fruitful and innovative + imitation has become more expensive. (1) A new drug, Appa, has been put on the market.
Approved in 19H1: (4) multiple high-quality generics have been marketed or prioritized for review, with consistent evaluation advancing steadily; (5) promotion of line marketing reforms to boost corporate product release; continued internationalization strategy layout and active expansion of overseas markets; (1) cyclophosphate amphetamine
The overseas sales of approved products represented are stable: (2) multiple products were approved and the internationalization process progressed steadily during the reporting period; (3) the registration of overseas clinical trials is on track; companies have a very competitive edge in R & D and are innovative in leading the country. (1) R & D investment
(2) The diversity of R & D pipelines: (3) active promotion of the evaluation of generic consistency: (4) successful patent applications and maintenance: (5) orderly advancement of project registration declarations: (6) plus promotion of line marketing reform, enabling company product release.
Pushing forward with lined marketing reforms, changing marketing patterns, building up a “one-way” specialized marketing system, and helping companies to put their products in stock. We hope that the company’s future performance will continue to grow at a high rate, forecast to return to its motherhood in 2019-2021.
1.2018-10-26 Heung Swe 3-quarter in-depth follow-up: q3
Corporate performance met expectations and accelerated growth in the third and fourth quarters. In 2018, income was $17,418 million (+25.89 per cent), equity incentive costs were $312 million, the impact of equity incentive costs was eliminated, the net return was 33.19 per cent higher than the net return, and the net profit from non-contribution was 29.69 per cent higher. On a quarterly basis, income for 2018q1-q4 was $3,857 million per single quarter, respectively.
The reason for this is the continued release of new items on the market in the previous period, in addition to the fact that the increase in net profits, such as pre-tax deductions for R & D costs, is also due to good control over the sales and financial rates, and an increase in the management costs. At the cost end of the scale, the 2018 caliber includes R & D costs. The sales and financial costs rates have been slightly reduced, while the management costs have been raised, mainly by an increase in the management costs.
During the reporting period, R & D costs were 2,670 million yuan, and (ii) innovative R & D was very fruitful, innovation + imitation of more than one flower, old products kept at high speed, and new products were expected to continue to contribute to higher performance. On the one hand, companies weighed on the new drug Apa.
On the other hand, the sulfur-pee-pee-pessium injection fluids, the marty-pyreni, and the platinum-protein violet supremol are marketed and are expected to be released quickly through the company’s mature marketing channels. At the same time, the injection of the Carellilbill against the priority review list, with an approximate 19h1, is expected to increase performance further.
The sexual evaluation process has been steadily moving forward, with sulphate sulphate, Tansorosin slow release capsules, and Ebesathan film increasing the competitiveness of the market through the evaluation of drug quality and efficacy consistency.
(1) Apateni: Terminal data show a high rate of growth, and the new drug Apateni was approved in November 2014. The drug is the first small molecular anti-vascular target that has been proven to be safe and effective in the late stages of stomach cancer around the world. It is also the only oral drug to be used in treatment for stomach cancer.
In July 2017, Apadeni negotiated a new version of the health insurance catalogue, which led to a significant increase in sales (price decline of 37.02%) and a rapid increase in overall income. In 2018, Apadeni sold 139.17 million boxes (+68.37%) and a total purchase (including taxes) of medical institutions.
Other adaptive conditions include liver and lung cancer. (2) Ereshares: terminal data show an increase in the speed of growth. A new national drug, Ereshare, was marketed in 2011, the first company to be marketed.
According to pdb data, 18q1, 18q2 and 18q3 sample hospitals are sold for approximately $1.684 million (+92.68%), 24.5 million (+117.2%) and 2.94 million (+135.6%).
2.19 K and Zuldeni have been approved, gradually contributing to the incremental performance (1) Sulphur-pesto-Gresting fluid (19k), which has been approved for neutral particle cell reduction associated with chemistial therapy Sulphur-pestyrestin is a self-researched polyethyl diol recombinant human cell irritation factor (long-acting granulocyte)
The first bio-innovation drug to be approved by the company, colony-stimulatingfactor, g-csf. The drug is mainly used to reduce the incidence of the incidence of thermally neutral particle cell reduction caused by non-bone marrow cancer patients following treatment for bone marrow inhibition.
According to pdb data, the sale of the 2018q3 sample hospital was $748,000. (2) Male acid caldinis, approved for her2-positive transgenic breast cancer, was the first in the country to have conditionally approved the listing of the treatment of the real tumor based on the clinical results of the ii period.
New drugs. The drug is used in a combination of Capitabins for treatment of late or transferary breast cancer patients who are positive for surface growth factor receptors (her2) or who have undergone chemolysis or violet chemotherapy.
The rate of objective mitigation in the UCC is higher than that in the Rapadeni group (78.5% of the UCC vs. Rapadeni group); a significant extension in the middle of the no-progress survival period (57.1% of the UCC group 18.1 months, vslapatoni group p< 0.0001); a decrease of 63.7% in the patient ' s progress or risk of death; and, at the same time, good tolerance.
In our view, the approval of 19k and the rapid listing of Tritonini (from the submission of the listing application to the official approval period of 10 months only) have helped to further enrich the company ' s anti-cancer product line, relying on the company ' s high-quality oncology marketing channels.
A rapid release of varieties is expected to boost performance when they are on the market. 3. The heavy weight of the new drug, the Carrilliad, is expected to complete the supplementary information review, which is expected to be approved in 19H1 and currently includes late stage non-small cell lung cancer, late-stage melanoma, transferable necks.
Cancer, classic Hodge King lymphoma, urinary skin cancer, digestive cancer, cervical cancer, b-cell lymphoma, high-level microsatellites were approved for sale in 2018, amounting to $6,735 million. K and o drugs are still growing and are expected to sell over $10 billion in 2019.
The Kareli Jumbo has completed the supplementary information review and is expected to be approved in 19h1 as the third approved national product for receptor integration and blockage of pd-1/pd-l1 routes to restore anti-cancer immunity of the body, thus forming the basis for cancer immune treatment.
The company's pd-1 unit was added to the cde priority review list on 23 April, and the Division has now completed a supplementary information review to adapt to Hodgkin lymphoma, which is expected to be approved in 19h1. Prior to that date, the pd-1 unit of Junji and Sindha had been approved for listing in December 18 for black melanoma and Hodchikin, respectively.
The lymphoma, Héngary's Carrillbill, is expected to be the third national product to be approved for market against the pd-1. Compared to Sindha and Gunsui, HUNRY has a clear advantage in the sales team and is expected to be released quickly. Moreover, Carrillbill is in the clinical trial phase against multiple adaptives.
With regard to the data, the Carrelliads have obtained excellent test results against adaptive disorders such as liver cancer, non-small cell lung cancer, nasal cancer, and dietary cancer. Joint medication based on pd-1/pd-l1 has become a hot spot for oncological immunotherapy, with Carrillisads and Apatine.
There has been some improvement in the response rate to the combined Apadeni for late lung, stomach and liver cancers, with the best possible treatment for liver cancer, which is now being approved by fda, and the global multi-centre iii clinical trials now under way.
Pateni’s full autonomy will be a strong advantage for Heung Rui’s leadership. We believe that the company’s Carrill Bill, despite being slightly behind its domestic counterparts, will be released on a fast-track basis, thanks to many of its adaptive advantages, such as progress in development, joint drug use, and a strong anti-cancer marketing team.
Multiple high-quality generics have been marketed or prioritized, consistency evaluations have been steadily advancing. Companies have also continued to reap the benefits of generics. During the reporting period, corporate high-quality generics have been marketed or pre-screened for review and approval, and consistency evaluations have been steadily advancing.
(i) Listed by treatment area, for anti-cancer drugs reported in the form of violets (teprotein combination); for anaesthetic sedatives, including sulfonyl ammonium injection fluids, inhaled ground fluorine; and for other drugs, including sulfur-dhafluoride.
(b) Sodium injection fluid (anti-condensation), pallized ol injection fluid (the treatment of acetone), balancing salt solutions (eye or eye infusion (2)) to be included in the priority review approval, by field of treatment, for anti-cancer drugs, including ilydecombine hydrochloride, and Andansjon oral film;
In the case of narcotic sedatives, ketamine hydrochloride injection fluids for hydrochloric acid; in the case of chronic drugs, including ammonium globromide injection fluids (choline-resistant), stochastic capsules (mitigation of arthritis and acute pain) (3) in the case of consistency evaluation.
During the reporting period, sulphate sulphate, Tansorosin decomposition capsules, and Ebessathan film were subsequently evaluated on the basis of generic pharmaceutical quality and therapeutic efficacy consistency. In addition, 18 product reference formulations were submitted, 10 product berths were completed, and the declaration of consistency of evaluation of 15 products was completed.
(iii) The internationalization strategy has continued to be structured in such a way as to actively expand the overseas market. 1. Income generated by the export of products and preparations sold overseas has been stabilized by a variety of products, such as the injection of cyclophosphate.
Injection of cyclophosphamide as a therapeutic drug, mainly for cancers such as leukaemia and lymphoma. Injection of phosphamide produced by the company was approved for sale through fda certification in November 2014 and commissioned by novartis for sale in the United States.
Sales were relatively stable in 2018. Inhaled ground-based fluorine, steroid, sulfuric liver to sodium injection fluids were approved in the United States during the reporting period; Toramptanica and right Metomi were provisionally approved (fda completed all the review processes for the drug, but the patent was not available).
We believe that high-quality varieties are continuously licensed to be listed overseas, helping companies to further expand their overseas markets and increase their performance. Meanwhile, iodized gram salami injection fluids were approved for listing in the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, and Germany, respectively; right metomi hydrochloric acid injections were approved for listing in Japan. In addition, iodized gram salin injection fluids, injections of Osali platin, injections of acetic acid carpofine,
According to the EU countries’ gmp recognition system, the company-related varieties obtain a Dutch gmp certificate that demonstrates that the company’s quality management system meets EU standards.
In Europe, the United States, Japan and the High-end Regulatory Market projects, registration filings are planned: other emerging markets, such as Australia, have been approved for clinical trials in the United States, and shr0410 injections have been approved for clinical trials in Australia. (iv) Research and development investment continues to grow, and innovation is leading the country
Companies have a great competitive advantage in R & D. This is reflected in: (a) the continuous increase in R & D inputs. In absolute terms, R & D investments in 2018 amounted to $2.670 billion, or 51.81 per cent more than in the previous year; and the diversity of R & D pipelines in terms of the ratio of receipts.
Clinical, with positive developments in the marketing of innovative drugs every 2-3 years. During the reporting period, the sulfur-pessel stimulant injection fluids, rhelic acid silicone tablets have been marketed in batches, ins068 injection fluids, shr0302 tablets, and shr0410 injection fluids have been approved for clinical trials overseas, with the injection of carricorn beads in resistance and the injection of silicon sulfonic acid into the list of priority review approvals for cde.
(3) Active promotion of the evaluation of generic pharmaceutical consistency. During the reporting period, 3 harmonized evaluation batches were obtained, 18 product reference formulations were submitted, 10 product be and 15 product consistency evaluation declarations were completed. (4) patent applications and maintenance were successfully carried out. 144 new domestic patent applications were submitted in 2018 and submitted internationally
In 2018, two batches were obtained for the production of innovative pharmaceutical preparations, seven batches for the production of generic pharmaceutical preparations; 16 batches for the production of innovative medicines and two batches for the production of generic pharmaceutical products. (6) Strengthening the development of research and development teams.
The R & D team, of which more than 2,000 PhDs, Masters, and more than 100 expatriate employees, have R & D centers in many parts of the United States, Japan, and China. We believe that sustained corporate investment in R & D will strongly support corporate research and development, safeguard continuous technological innovation and contribute to long-term sustainable development.
(v) To promote the transformation of the distribution lines, and to improve the organizational structure of companies, to promote the transformation of the distribution lines, to change marketing patterns, and to gradually establish a “one-size-fits-all” specialized marketing system that will enable companies to put their products on the market. The company's domestic sales operations are dominated by two holding companies, Jiangsu.
In 2018, the company set up a product line department and set up a company-level department for oncology, image, and imaging.
At present, the company has established a national distribution network, with a professional, regulatory, orderly and well-developed marketing system; at the same time, the company continuously upgrades the level of specialization of its personnel in various sectors and increases the breadth and depth of its market sales.
Income from sales grew steadily, thanks to a strong marketing capacity. During the reporting period, $7.395 billion (+29.25 per cent) was generated from the sale of anti-cancer medicines. Of this amount, 1,681 million (including taxes) was purchased by right-wing Metomić medical institutions; 2,324 million (+22.67 per cent) was earned from the sale of image line products, of which 1,296 million (including taxes) was purchased by iodine-gram sarcophagus.
Table 10: Distribution of major pharmaceutical products by treatment area during the reporting period The company ' s performance in 2018 was as expected, the pace of the three or four quarters was clear, and we continue to look forward to the future of the company.
On the other hand, innovative research and development has been very fruitful. The company's heavy load of new drugs, Apadeni, Ereshabu, has achieved high-speed release; sulfur beams, silhouettes, and martinis have been approved for sale and are expected to be released quickly, depending on the company's mature marketing channels. At the same time, the evaluation of pharmaceutical consistency has been steadily advanced, with a steady progress in the assessment of ammonium hydrochloride sulphate, the Tan Sorosin relieving capsules of hydrochloric acid, the Embeschatan capsules.
On the one hand, the products represented by cyclophosphamide continue to contribute steadily to their performance, by inhaling fluoroalkyl, sulfuric sulfonic to sodium, iodine salbutamide, and sodium iodine.
On the other hand, the internationalization of corporate innovations is continuing. We see that the company’s future performance will continue to grow at a high rate, with a forecast of net profit from 2019-2021, the risk of innovation research and development, the risk of accelerating the procurement process, and less than expected in overseas markets.