Tumor rays are showing up, and research and development is continuing to grow, starting on the 17th of February 2019, the harvest of the innovation strategy.
Research assistant Xu Wangyang, annual profits attributable to parent owners increased by 33.19 per cent over the same period last year, net profits attributable to company shareholders after deducting non-recurring gains and losses increased by 29.69 per cent over the same period last year.
Four hundred and fifty-nine billion yuan, a 31,56 per cent increase in the same year, and 1,154 million yuan in the same year, a 29.79 per cent increase in the same year, a steady increase in the performance of , a steady acceleration in 2018q4, and a high rate of growth in the oncology line. In 2018, the operating income was 17,418 million yuan, a 25.89 per cent increase in the same year, and 4,066 million yuan in the same year in the same year.
This represents an increase of 26.39 per cent. In 2018q4, 4,959 million yuan, an increase of 31.56 per cent in the same year, a net profit for mothers, a 29.23 per cent increase in the same year for pharmaceuticals, a 22.67 per cent increase in the same year for cinematography products, an increase in the same year for anaesthetic products, a steady increase in the use of Apateni, and the prospect of a price exchange for the entry of Pemen winter enzyme into health insurance.
The sample hospital sold about $80 million, an increase of 78 per cent over the same period, a growth rate of 144 per cent, and still a steady high rate of growth, with 68.37 per cent in the company ' s calibre, Apadaloni ' s sales in 2018, with the company Pemen winterase entering health insurance at a reduced price of $2980/only, with a reduction of about 21.4 per cent.
The price-for-price rate is expected to increase significantly in the sales of the health-care system ' s winter enzyme. In the future, with the introduction and implementation of the belt procurement policy, the pressure on generic pharmaceutical prices will continue to increase.
The cost rate is 15.33%, which strongly supports the company’s research and development and innovation. Dani has been approved for the market, and clinical data are better than Rapateni is expected to achieve rapid release; heavy-pound pseudopharmaceuticals have been put on the market, the second largest market in the country, the future market is wide, and 19k has been approved.
1 Heung Swe Medicines (600276): Companies marching into the white market to gradually replace short-lived rhg-csf. pd-1 claims accelerated growth and heavy-pound products were acquired.
Listed on the front line of the country, approval is expected in the near future.
Billion dollars and $8,159 million, corresponding to 45.8 x, 36.3 x, 29.0 x. The Caleoni, the Jaguar, and the Denny, have completed the review, and it is hoped that the roll-out of heavy-pound products, such as ethanol protein, will lead to an increase in sales, and that the rich R & D pipelines will be the company's future.
The dynamic growth of high performance provides a sustained impetus. As industry leaders, companies benefit from the innovation benefits of policy, and industry concentration increases, so we maintain the “buy-in” rating.
Pipeline progress is lower than expected; generic pharmaceutical prices are lower than expected. 25.89 per cent longer, with a net return to the mother of $4,066 million, an increase of 26.39 per cent over the same period. In 2018, companies raised equity incentives with $312 million, excluding the impact of equity incentives, and in 2018 the profits attributed to the parent were higher than in the same period last year.
RMB 4,959 million was collected in 2018q4, an increase of 31.56 per cent in the same year, a net profit of RMB 1,154 million in the same year, an increase of 29.79 per cent in the same year, an increase of 15.17 per cent in the ring, a marked increase in the season, and an increase in performance as expected. 25.89 per cent in the long period, a net profit of RMB 4,066 million in the same year, an increase of 26.39 per cent in the same year.
Figure 3: Company single-quarter net profit return (millions of yuan) Figure 4: Corporate Māori sales rate / net interest rate, based on single-quarter net profits, the company has seen a ring acceleration in the last four quarters.
The tumor continues to be the company’s largest operating block, accounting for 43 per cent of the total, with anaesthesia and film agents accounting for 27 per cent and 13 per cent, respectively. The sale of drugs increased by 29.23 per cent over the previous year, the sale of film products increased by 22.67 per cent over the previous year, and the same amount of narcotic products.
The rapid increase has led to faster growth in the cost of some of the company ' s products. Figure 6: Cost of company sales. Figure 7: Cost of company management (including R & D caliber)
The company has always maintained a high cost, with sales costs of $6.464 billion in 2018, an increase of 24.57 per cent over the previous year, and Jiang Sokshin, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Jiang Sokuzin, responsible for the company's own production (including Heung Swe in Shanghai).
In 2018, the company began to create a system of product lines, creating the Department of Oncology, the Department of Images, and the Department of Integrated Products.
Frameworks, promotion of line-by-line marketing reforms, transformation of marketing patterns, and gradual development of a “four-by-one” specialized marketing system. In terms of management costs, because of high corporate investment in R&D, the administrative costs have been maintained at relatively high levels of Apadaloni’s continuous spending, and Pemen’s winter enzyme integration into health insurance is expected to be price-for-priced.
In June 2017, the company Apadeni received a 35.85 per cent reduction in prices and, with the arrival of provincial health insurance negotiations on drug policy, Apadeni experienced a high rate of growth. The sales of the 2018q3 Apadaloni sample hospital were about 80 million, a 78 per cent increase compared to the 78 per cent increase in sales, with a 144 per cent increase in sales, which remained stable at a high rate, with the company ' s calibre increasing in 2018.
68.37%. As the health-care regulatory environment and competition for dyslexic products are increasing, Apadeni is growing at a price. The company is currently running the Apadaloni experiment on late lung and liver cancer, which has good clinical results, and the market will have more room for growth if the adaptive expansion is approved, along with company pd-1 and so on.
The new drug has been approved and will create good synergies in the future. Figure 8: Apadaloni sample hospital sales.
Drugs, adapted to acute lymphocyte leukemia (all), can be used for first-line treatment of children with acute lymphocyte leukemia.
Winter enzymes enter health care at a reduced cost of $2980/only, with a reduction of about 21.4%, and this increase in the marketing of winter enzymes into health-care services is expected to increase significantly, with a price-for-priced increase. As pharmaceutical prices fall, the advantages of innovative research and development strategies become apparent.
In the future, with the introduction and implementation of collateral procurement policies, the pressure for price reductions for generic drugs will continue to increase, with the procurement of 31 generic products evaluated through consistency in the “4+7” cities, which is large and deep in the north, reaching an average reduction of 52 per cent.
Corporate R & D is strong, and its strategic advantages of innovative R & D over the years will be further demonstrated in an environment of pharmaceutical price reduction. In 2018, the company obtained three consistency evaluation batches, submitted 18 product reference formulations, completed the work on the be of 10 products and completed the declaration of consistency in evaluation of 15 products.
Pd-1 is located in the country's first line of product development, mainly on oncological drugs, covering almost all hot targets, ranging from small molecular targets to single resistance, and in addition to oncological drugs, the company has a pattern in slow-disease areas such as diabetes, self-immunisation diseases, and the future.
The company’s R & D costs in 2018 amounted to 2,67 billion yuan, an increase of 51.8 per cent over the previous year, further increases in R & D inputs, and 15.33 per cent of R & D costs, which strongly supported the company’s project R & D and innovation development. This year, 144 new domestic patents were submitted, 78 new international pct applications were submitted and 26 were granted domestic authorization.
In terms of internationalization of generic drugs, fluoroalkylane, steroid injection, sulfur-da liver to sodium, etc., was approved in the United States, iodized.
Kshaol injection fluids were approved in the United Kingdom and the Netherlands, and right-wing metomic fluids were approved in Japan; in addition, the company submitted two injections and one raw drug to the United States of America, and one application for registration of the raw drug to Japan; and in other emerging markets, such as Australia, South Africa, and the Middle East, registrations have been stepped up.
3 products of shr0302, ins068 and shr0410 are approved for clinical trials overseas. Photeoni has been approved for marketing, and clinical data are better than Rapatoni is expected to achieve rapid release.
Cancer, in the clinical trials for the treatment of breast cancer patients who have failed to treat hysteria and violet drugs and who have had re-emerging/transferary chemotherapy no more than 2 lines, the dysentery group has an objective mitigation rate of 78.5 per cent and the Rapatoni group 57.1 per cent, with a median no-progress survival period of 18.1 months, the Rapatoni group of 7.0 months and a significant extension of the median no-progress survival period.
Compared to the Rapatoni group, the patient’s progress or risk of death has decreased by 63.7%, and the competition between Hersettine and Rapatoni alone is now well under way. Reference is made to the annual cost of treatment per capita in Rapatoni and Ekèni, assumed to be 25% penetration, adapting to breast cancer, stomach cancer, etc.
The market for the disease is going to provide a market space of 10 billion, and it's going to be more than a billion-grade product for Heung Swe, pushing the public market for violet protein and a second future market for the country. Injection with violet supremol (the protein combination) is an anti-micromic drug used to treat transferred breast cancer or the re-emergence of assisted chemotherapy within six months of the failure of combined chemotherapy.
Breast cancer. At present, only abraxane and the Stone Group have been approved, and according to ims data, in 2017 there are currently a number of other pharmaceutical companies in the country, including Chiru Pharmacy, Zhejiang Haizheng, Jiang Sokang, and others, which have submitted applications for registration for review and approval, the country is expected to reach a maximum of $1 billion in future sales.
The first long-acting g-csf drug, neulasta, was launched by amgen, and sales of short-acting g-csf slowed down, rising to $4.54 billion in global sales of white drugs in 2017. The domestic long-acting g-csf has been approved for new sweeds with only stone-only and zilu-made drugs. In 2017, g-csf was admitted to health care and accelerated, with an accelerated rate of increase in the first quarter of 2018.
The sales share of the long-acting g-csf is close to 50% and is expected to gradually replace the short-acting rhg-csf in the future. pd-1 has been declared on the market, and the country’s front line team is expected to be approved in the near future. At this point, the 100-hour pseudo opdivo and Merca East keytruda are on the national market and have announced their retail prices.
100 mg/10ml at $9260 and 40 mg/4ml at $4,591 per year for treatment of patients depending on weight, at a cost of about $300,000 to 400,000 per year. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
A first review is expected to be approved in the near future. Table 5: Declaration of the main pd-1 in the country.
As industry leaders, companies benefit from the policy’s benefits of innovation and increased concentration, so we maintain a “buy-in” rating. Corporate bidding for medicines is lower than expected; approval and approval of medicines are less advanced than expected; R & D pipelines are less advanced than expected;
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board