Innovation Driver - Heung Swe's Anti-Cancer Ideals - China's Anti-Cancer Medicines Market is in a period of historical transition to structural upgrading.
China has the highest number of cancer cases and deaths worldwide, but the global market for anti-cancer medicines is very small, with 74 per cent of the global market for anti-cancer medicines in 17 years concentrated in developed countries such as the United States, the five European countries and Japan, including China.
The emerging markets account for only 10.5 per cent of the market share, suggesting that there is still very much room for development in our anti-cancer market space.
The global market for anti-cancer medicines is concentrated mainly on new types of anti-cancer drugs. The sales of top25 anti-cancer drugs account for 63%, 24 of which are targeted, immunopharmaceuticals, and are based on patent protection.
The product structure of our anti-cancer market is very different from that of developed countries, with Chinese medicine, 18.65 per cent of the market for anti-cancer drugs, and non-medium anti-cancer drugs for Top10 sales, seven of which are basic chemotherapy drugs, only three of which are target drugs and are already on the domestic market.
Over the years, many of the high-impact targets abroad have not been admitted to the domestic market until nearly two years ago. In recent years, the State has introduced policies to promote the marketing and clinical use of anti-cancer innovations in the country, and the country’s anti-cancer market has been upgraded.
Over the past three years, the country has been engaged in a series of intensive drug-testing and quality-upgrading initiatives to address the problem of the supply of medicines, which have a clear clinical advantage.
On the one hand, there has been a significant improvement in the backlog and in the efficiency of the reviews; on the other hand, there has been a historical peak in innovation in the country, especially in the field of anti-cancer innovations.
The dynamic adjustment mechanism of the catalogue has also significantly reduced payments for new oncological drugs when they were marketed.
Core product sales are stable. Heung Swe’s innovative tube line is fully configured and is about to explode. pd-1/pd-l1 single resistance, cdk4/6 inhibitors, ar inhibitors and parap suppressants are the company’s future heavy-pound products and are expected to be marketed gradually over the next three years.
The market space is expected to continue to expand with the first batch of innovative drugs Apadeni, Piccordini, 19k. The sales peak of the company ' s anti-cancer drugs Apadeni, Pd-1, pd-l1, ar inhibitors, parp inhibitors and cdk4/6 inhibitors is expected to reach 15 billion.
On the other hand, the multiplicity of hot-spot drugs in early clinical settings in corporate R & D pipelines to one of the domestic pharmaceutical companies that are driven by continuous innovation to achieve sustained performance growth is a matter of long-term concern.
The market for anticancer medicines in China is in the midst of a historical transition towards structural upgrading, with the number of cancers and deaths in China being the first to occur globally, according to the Global Annual Cancer Report 2018, with an estimated 18.1 million new cancer cases worldwide in 2018, with Asia accounting for nearly 50 per cent of the total.
The number of deaths worldwide is as high as 9.6 million, while Asia accounts for nearly 60%. According to the cancer statistics published by the National Agency for Cancer Prevention and Control in 2018 in " China Journalofcaseresearch " , in 2014 there were 3.884 million new cancer cases in the country, 2.296 million deaths, and the current number of cancer cases and deaths in China are on average the highest in the context of rising cancer morbidity and mortality rates.
From an epidemiological point of view, therefore, the market space for anti-cancer medicines is very high. Of the top 10 cancers, lung cancer is the highest in both China and the world, and may be associated with increasing global air pollution.
The global market for anti-cancer medicines is growing rapidly, and target and immuno-drugs account for the main share of anti-cancer drugs in developed countries. China has the world’s largest cancer incidence, but today the domestic market for anti-cancer medicines is very small.
The global market for anti-cancer medicines reached $133 billion (including anti-cancer-aided drugs), about 8%. Of this, 74% were concentrated in the United States, five European countries, and Japan, while the 17-year market for anti-cancer medicines, including China, accounted for 10.5% of the market share, suggesting that there is still much room for growth in the anti-cancer market. The global market for anti-cancer medicines in the United States was the highest since 13 years.
The global share of the United States market for anti-cancer medicines grew from 39% in 13 years to 46% in 17 years. In terms of growth, the global market for anti-cancer medicines grew rapidly, at an average annual compound growth rate of 11.5% over the last four years.
The country’s growth rate has slowed somewhat over the past 16 years, but the markets of emerging countries, including China, and the rest of the world are growing faster. According to the iqvia report, there are as many as 160 anti-cancer brands worldwide, but spending is concentrated on a few drugs. Top35 accounts for about 80% of total spending, Top25 accounts for about 63% of total global spending, and more than half of cancer drugs sell less than $90 million a year.
Dollars, mainly some of the long-listed and patented drugs. Global sales of top10 anti-cancer medicines totalled $56.3 billion, representing 42% of the global anti-cancer market. Top25 anti-cancer best-selling drugs, with the exception of a chemotherapy melody, are clinically effective targets, immuno-drugs, and are mostly under patent protection.
The market for anti-cancer medicines has grown faster in China and is at a time of historical transition in the structural upgrading of products. The market for anti-cancer medicines has grown faster in the last four years, with a compound growth rate of around 10.9 per cent in four years. The total size of the drug market in 17 years is 1,611.8 billion yuan, and the market for oncological medicines is 143.3 billion yuan, or 8.89 per cent of the national market, which is similar to the global market for oncological drugs.
The structure of the tumor drug reflects a certain Chinese feature, with Chinese medicine accounting for a significant market share, reaching 18.65% in 17 years, and many of the Chinese medicine used for cancer is not included in the relevant clinical guidelines. (There is a certain difference in the size of the market here from the global statistics, and it is assumed that the statistical calculus of the drug is due to the fact that there are no Chinese anti-cancer drugs in the foreign market, as well as immuno-mediate drugs and endocrinal treatments.
The market structure for anti-cancer medicines is lagging behind compared to the market structure for anti-cancer medicines in developed countries. The market for anti-cancer medicines for the top 10 non-medium drugs sold in the country is 31.907 billion yuan, or 22.27 per cent of the total market for anti-cancer medicines, seven of which are traditional essential chemotherapy.
There are only three of them, and they're all old products that have been on the market for more than a decade or so. Many of the hard weights of the innovation anti-cancer drug have not been approved for entry into the domestic market until almost two years, as in the case of the popular pd-1 bill abroad, which was marketed abroad for 14 years, but not until 18 years.
The reasons for this lag are mainly twofold. First, domestic review approvals have been ineffective, causing delays not only in the entry of many foreign innovation varieties into the domestic market, but also in the development of domestic innovation. Second, while there are some highly effective innovations in the market, high prices have left many patients unable to pay.
China’s anti-cancer market is in the midst of a historical shift towards upgrading the structure of the drug, moving from focusing on chemotherapy to focusing on targeting, immunization, and the like. The company is under the banner of a new financial think tank.
In the last three years, the country has been heavily engaged in the introduction of a series of new medicines to speed up the development of new anti-cancer medicines, to streamline the process of approval of medicines to deal with the supply of medicines.
In addition, in recent years, the country has adopted a number of payment-end policies to raise patients’ capacity to pay, such as three price reduction negotiations, which resulted in more than half of the number of oncological drugs entering the health-care catalogue, with an average reduction of about 50%.
In the past three years, the country has adopted a policy on the payment of anti-cancer medicines, a company under the umbrella of a new think tank.
Since 2015, the National Drug Control Service has been undertaking a comprehensive reform of the system for the review and approval of medicines, which has been deepening in the following years, bringing about significant changes in the pharmaceutical industry in the country.
Prior to the reform, the backlog in the National Drug Control Centre's approvals was increasing every year. Before 2015, the domestic pharmaceutical industry had developed rapidly, but the number and variety of new medicines on the market in the country were no longer sufficient to meet the country's growing market demand.
On 22 July 2015, cfda issued a bulletin on the conduct of the self-checking of clinical tests, which required the conduct of clinical trials for 1,622 varieties, severely punished intentional forgery and allowed correction of norms.
This incident, known as “Treat 7.22.” As of July 22, 16, the number of withdrawals and public denials amounted to 1,233; it appeared to be a major setback for the pharmaceutical industry and a major reform and overhaul of its development, on the one hand, indicating that the country was beginning to demand that domestic clinical trials of drugs should be standardized and scientificized, gradually brought into line with international standards, and that the health of the pharmaceutical industry in the country should be addressed.
In August 2015, the State published its Opinions on the Reform of the System for the Review and Approval of Medical Devices for Medicines.
The policy is considered to be “the most important policy in the pharmaceutical sector since the founding of the country” and is important for accelerating the listing of innovative medicines in the country and raising the country's level of innovation. The policy is spearheaded by a number of complementary measures, ranging from drug research and development to the review and approval process, to further reform of the pharmaceutical sector.
In the case of joining the International Coordinating Committee for the Registration of Human Medicines (ICH) to promote the international integration of Chinese pharmaceutical research and development with a view to enhancing the international competitiveness of Chinese pharmaceutical companies; and the establishment of a licensing system for drug market holders (mah), prior to which our country only allowed pharmaceutical production enterprises to hold pharmaceutical codes, the establishment of which meant that drug research and development agencies and scientific researchers could also be holders of new drug approval codes, in the interest of China.
To stimulate innovative research and development in the market: the change in the approval system for drug clinical trial reviews from an approval system to a default due to maturity has greatly improved the efficiency of the processing of clinical examinations; the establishment of a priority review approval system whereby drugs entering priority reviews can be queued over backlogs and resources assigned to reviews, which would have taken more than two years from the declaration to the receipt of most of the batches, has now been reduced to an average of about one year, or even more, on average, of the drugs entering priority review approvals
Anti-cancer medications, because they are used for major diseases, many of the innovations in oncology are prioritized for review, contributing significantly to the innovation of anti-cancer medicines in the country. With the introduction of the New Deal, the effect has been evident, with the backlog of cde medications decreasing dramatically from 2015 to 2017, with a backlog of only one third in 2014. In 2017 and 2018, 15 anti-cancer innovations with high drug efficacy abroad were imported.
The year 2018 was also the year of the domestic innovation drug outbreak, with 10 1-in-a-kind drugs on the market, up from an all-time high, of which 6 are anti-cancer innovations.
Since 2016, the country has organized three special negotiations on access to health care, with a total of 56 varieties covered by health care coverage, with 37 anti-cancer medicines, representing 66 per cent of the total, representing an average decrease of 52 per cent, or a maximum of 70 per cent. Many of the negotiated innovations have been on the market for short periods of time.
And it's more expensive. Even though the drop is greater, the priced varieties have increased their access to health care, eventually increasing their sales at a price-for-money rate. For example, after the national drug Apadeni entered health care in q3 in 2017, sales in the following three quarters have increased considerably, both ring-for-coupled and same-for-year.
The price reduction was as high as 59 per cent, but the surge in market demand following the introduction of health insurance was once out of order, indicating that the penetration of older varieties such as H. Cedine into the domestic market remained relatively high owing to high price restrictions, that the species entered health insurance in q3 in 2017 and that sales in q4 followed a short decline, with sales in q1 and q2 returning to pre-price levels in the following year.
Figure 16: Apateni single-quarter sales and same-year growth (in billions) Figure 17: Hessetin single-quarter sales and same-year growth (in billions) The country has also produced 2018 editions of the Catalogue of Base Medicines, which includes 12 anti-cancer target drugs of high market interest: Gifetini, Imadeni, Ekdeni, Litosha single resistance, trautole and Pemericase.
Clinical first-line drugs, first-line drugs, access to the list of essential drugs can increase the spread of these anti-cancer medicines in the primary health-care market.
The anti-cancer drug is the largest product plate in Heung Sil, the largest product plate in Heung Suk. The products in Heung Suk cover a wide range of areas, such as anti-cancer medicine, surgical anesthetics, cinematography, cardiovascular drugs, anti-infection drugs, specialty fluids, and so on.
In 2017, the company achieved business income of 13,836 million yuan (+24.72%) and net profits of 3,217 million yuan (+24.25%), of which 637 million yuan, or 4.60%, was generated in the overseas market. Oncological drugs, vernaculars, and film-making agents were the three largest product plates in Heung Swe, accounting for about 80% of total sales income, with their share of the three plates changing little each year and steadily increasing.
Henry's products are rich, and core products are stable. Heung Swe's a leading domestic anti-cancer firm, with new anti-cancer products approved almost every other year or two since the company's first anti-cancer drug was placed on the market. Dositazzi and Oshalicon are the country's first analogues, covering several large cancers of breast cancer, lung cancer, prostate cancer and colon cancer, with higher market rates, but competitive.
There are more manufacturers, and this may slow down in the future against the backdrop of guaranteed price reductions for anti-cancer medicines and the large volume of purchases. Several other core varieties, such as Elioton, Lecterium, Dégio and Capitatian, are also basic chemotherapy for each of the major cancer species, with fewer competitors, and are expected to continue to provide companies with a comprehensive anti-cancer drug layout, which is about to break out.
As the policy environment for the domestic innovation market improves, as well as the technological upgrading of the domestic pharmaceutical industry, some companies in the country have the power and capacity to develop their own research and development. In a pharmaceutical market, Hen Swe is the leader not only of the industry, but also of the country’s medicine industry in terms of the results of innovative research and development.
Heung Swe, one of the first companies to undertake anti-cancer innovation in the country, has been in place since 10 years ago, and now has two autonomous anti-cancer innovators, Apateni and Picceleni, which have been marketed for anti-cancer innovations and are expected to continue to expand, such as Apateni, which is currently conducting several combination therapies, and future sales are expected to bring a new one with other drugs, such as pd-1.
The growth of the wheel, estimated sales in 2018 at $1.7 billion, has also led to the expansion of new adaptive studies, such as her2 positive stomach cancer and non-small cell lung cancer, the annual incidence of lung cancer and stomach cancer in our country, 782,000 and 410,000 people, respectively, and her2 positive mutation rate of about 3% respectively, the company’s research and development strategy can be broadly divided into two models, the first being the innovation of the foot-on model for international hotspots.
Models are characterized by a certain degree of clinically validated targets for R & D, some of which have even been successfully marketed, resulting in higher power and lower risk; the second is a strategic combination of R & D of their own products, with company-rich product tubes, with multiple successful combination therapies abroad, characterized by significant improvements in efficacy, and new products approved in combination therapy.
In the company’s research and development pipeline against oncological innovations, there are a number of heavy-pound products, such as the oncological immunotherapy drug pd-1 (reported)/pd-l1 (iii) mono-resistant, the heavy-pound product of hr+/her2-breast cancer cdk4/6 inhibitor (ii) and prostate cancer, which covers dozens of cancers.
Me-better's second-generation receptor (ii) and heavy target toparp inhibition (ii) in the field of ovarian cancer. These products are expected to be less than a pound product — pd-1/pd-l1 units — with a peak of 5 billion sales in future companies. Oncological immunity therapy is an emerging anti-cancer therapy, which is primarily designed to kill tumor cells by decompressing the immune cell function of the tumor cell, thereby activating the immune function of the human body.
This treatment has the advantage of long-lived effectiveness, anti-cancer spectrum and low toxicity, and has been the hotspot in recent years for research and development of anti-cancer drugs. pd-1/pd-l1 is the most effective and widely applied drug in the field of oncology treatment, with eight pd-1/pd-l1 units currently on the market globally. Given the high number of approved adaptive conditions, the market space for pd-1/pd-l1 has been very large, reaching more than 10 billion global sales in 17 years, and with new ones.
The global market size of the pd-1/pd-l1 is projected to increase to $78.9 billion by 2030. Companies under the umbrella of a new financial think tank will continue to grow over the next 10 years.
It was not until the second half of 2018 that a pd-1 counter-market was introduced in the country, and four pd-1 products are now on the market, and Hing Ri’s pd-1 counter is currently in the production phase, pd-l1 is in the iii clinical phase, and a dozen pharmaceutical companies’ pd-1/pd-l1 are in different stages of clinical research, and competition in the future is expected to be intense in the domestic market of pd-1/pd-l1.
There are currently 58 clinical projects on pd-1/pd-l1, and the types of clinical adaptive disorders entering the iii period are the country's most applied pd-1 conditions, with almost full magma coverage, and market space is very large, since pd-1 is currently used mainly by terminal patients.
The number of patients in this category cannot be accurately calculated, so the annual number of cancer deaths in the country is largely replaced by the number of cancer terminal patients. The annual cost of treatment is based on the fact that non-small cell lung cancer and urinary skin cancer are the main adaptive conditions approved abroad, and the market is much smaller than pd-1, which is measured at a peak of about $700 million.
Heavy weight products – cdk4/6 inhibitor, the next $3 billion breast cancer heavy-pound product in Heung Swe. Cdk4/6 is the key adjustment factor for the cell cycle, which triggers the cell cycle from the pre-combination (g1) to the reproduction (s1). In er+ breast cancer, cdk4/6-cyclind-rb circuits are signaled.
Three cdk4/6 inhibitors are currently approved in Pfir's Pabsini, Novar's Ribsini and Rey's abemacilib, and three Cdk4/6 inhibitors are difficult to divide, but Pabsini has a very clear pre-emptive advantage, with global sales in 2017.
The results of the Paloma-2 study in Pabosini show that the mpfs of the hr+/her2 patients who came together to treat hr+/her2 were 24.8 months (medium non-progressive survival) while the mpfs of the thorium patients who received the thorium to treat the patients were only 24.8 months old.
Pfizer's Patsini was approved for listing in China in August 2018, and Rey and Novart's global multi-centre clinics in China are in ii and iii, respectively. Heng-suk are the fastest in the domestic business, treating the breast cancer of hr+/her2- in co-operation with Lutoxone is in ii, and is expected to be marketed in the next two to three years, at a price of around $200,000 per capita per year at a price of one quarter of US prices, assuming that Heng-seo's market is in place.
Cdk4/6 Progress in the development of domestic cdk4/6 Heavy-pound products - an ar inhibitor whose side effects are significantly lower than those of the same type abroad.
In vitro tests confirm that ar inhibitors can suppress the growth of prostate cancer cells and contribute to their death. The first global inhibitor was fluorotamine, which was marketed in 1983, entered the country in 1995 and subsequently developed Niromitt and Bicarulant, all of which were obtained by optimizing the structure of the fluorotoxamine.
The formulation, the anti-ar effect, is several times higher than the anti-Karoamine, which was approved by fda in 2012 for the treatment of transient degenerative prostate cancer (mcrpc). Almost all patients with late prostate cancer, after end-of-life end up with de-resistance prostate cancer. When the drug was marketed, it became a heavy-pound bomb class product, with a global sales value of $2,525 billion in 2017.
In November 2018, Encreamine was successfully patented in the country, meaning that many companies would soon begin to imitate it. Shr-3680 of Henry medicine was an optimally structured second-generation inhibition, compared to Ncoramine, and Shr-3680 had multiple advantages.
In vitro tests have confirmed similar efficacy, but in humans shr-3680 is more difficult to pass through the blood-brain barrier, thus significantly reducing the incidence of the side effects of epilepsy; shr 3680 is in vitro inactive for most of the cyp enzymes, whereas Encreamine is a strong cyp3sa4 induction agent and a medium cyp2c9/cyp2c19 induction agent, meaning that shr-3680 has a smaller interaction of drugs; compared to Encretamine, i and ii tests
In the case of mcprc (negative prostate cancer), shr 3680 can induce a stronger psa response at the same dose, and the incidence of fatigue is lower.
Figure 31: Progress in the development of domestic arc inhibitors. Shr-3680 in Hen Swe has entered the clinical iii period and is expected to be marketed in the next two to three years, at a price of about $220,000 per capita per year, assuming a 30% market share of Hin Swe, with a peak of about $1 billion.
Heavy weight product – parp inhibitor, ovarian cancer adaptive to clinical stage ii. Parp, also known as polyclandidine diphosphate nucleotide polymerase, is an important dna restoration enzyme, playing a key role in dna repair circuits, and in normal cells, when inhibition of parp enzyme, the cogeneration restoration mechanism (hrr) can be activated to repair dna damage, but when brca genes occur in certain tumor cells.
In the event of mutation and loss, the hrr mechanism will fail, eventually causing tumor cells to die. There are currently four globally marketed parp inhibitors, not the rucaparib of Aslicon's Orapali, ClovisonCology, the naraparib of Texaro, and the talazoparib of Pfizer. Olapali was approved for sale in August 2018 to fill the gap in the treatment of domestic ovarian targets, applicable to brcaki.
Clinical results show that Olapali doubles the terminal survival period (pfs) and reduces the risk of death by 65% compared to the placebo control group, while ovarian cancer patients with brca mutagenic re-emergent ovarian cancers use Orapali to maintain mpfs for vs placebos for 19.1 months and 5.5 months, respectively.
The country's parp inhibitor has a number of enterprise layouts, and the fastest progress has been in redo medicine and in the state of Chistom, where Heung Swe's medicine is closely followed and is clinically active, with shr 3162 having a better absorption and a lower incidence of anaemia compared to Orapali based on the results of the completed i-clinical trials, and with treatments similar to Orapali.
Shr-3162 is expected to be marketed over the next two to three years, at a price of around $200,000 per capita per year at a price of about a quarter of US prices, assuming a market of 30% in Henry, with a peak of about $1 billion in sales. In addition to the heavy-pound products that will be marketed in the short term, there are many more potential targets in the early clinical phase.
Moleculars, which are not currently listed internationally, are still an unopened market. Thus, the development of a pipeline reserve for these targets is the next decade’s performance growth point for companies, and is important for their continued health development.
P-l1/tgf-beta co-opts to tgf-beta1 in the middle and in the tumor microscopic environment on the basis of inhibition of pd-l1. The same products as the first-in-clas are currently M-7824 in Merk, and good data have been shown in i-lycology, with two lines treating nsclc, pd-l1 positive.
Of the population (pd-l1>1%), 40.7% orr and of the population with a high pd-l1 expression (pd-l1>80%), 71.4% orr of m7824 orr have now reached 13 clinical research projects and clinical progress has reached the stage ii. The main studies are Hpv-related neoplasms (ii), prostate cancers (ii), breast cancers (i), Sclc (i/ii), pancreatic cancers (i/ii), rectum cancers (i/ii) and nsclc (ii).
Shr-1701, which follows and is currently at the stage of the I clinical phase, is a late-stage physical tumor. Shr-1702-tim-3, a joint venture with pd-1 to treat immunotherapy resistance. Tim-3, also known as the t-cell immunoglobin viscoprotein.
Molecular-3, a receptor protein of the Tim family, is, like pd-1, an immuno-checkpoint inhibitor, combined with formulations (including galectin-9, ceracam-1, ptdser and hmgb1 formulations), promoting immune tolerance, playing an important downward function of immunisation, contributing to immune flight from tumours. In independent experiments, anti-tim-3 antibodies and anti-pd-1 drugs are used to inhibit drug resistance.
In the future, with the widespread use of immunotherapy pd-1/pd-l1, the problem of drug resistance will become more acute, so it is important to develop drugs to deal with the problem of immunotherapy. There are currently five companies at the international level: Novartis, Téaro, Renaissance, Chimli, Novara, Téaro, Ryo.
The anti-clinical study with the Tim-3 in the State of Chismology focused mainly on the Pd-1/pd-l1 anti-clinical association with their home, the fastest progress being the tsr-022 in tesaro, which has entered the ii clinical phase, the shr-1702 in Henry, which has been approved for the I phase of the clinical study, and the anticipated clinical trials, which will also use the strategy of co-pd-1 drug use.
The shr-1603-cd47 monoclonal antibodies have a better security and approximation effect on the standard global first-in-class. cd47 also refers to the integration of the proteins associated with the sirp-α receptors of the condensed cell surface, which produces a series of cascade reactions that inhibit the ingestion of the condensed cells. Almost all tumor cells and tissues express cd47 high, thus developing cd47 anti-cdivas expressed over the tumor cell surface.
cd47 combined to de-infect the expression of cd47 signals to mega-eating cells, thereby killing cancer cells. Candidates for the cd47 target are still at an early stage globally, with the fastest research progress being made by forty seven, already in clinical ii, and the research strategy being in favour of co-medicated drugs, mainly antibodies with the cancer target, or screening sites for immunization.
In November 2018, the company announced a phase 1 test for the treatment of lymphoma (dlbcl) and filtered lymphoma (fl) with hu5f9-g4 co-treated with rituximab, which produced impressive positive results, orr was 50%. Heng Swe, the country’s first-ever cd47 anticlinic batch, is currently conducting i-clinical studies.
Better than the safety of hu5f9-g4 and more similar to hu5f9. This is followed by Sindha and Eminenko.
Dossi Taser is a combination of second-line treatment for non-small-cell lung cancer. Henry's chemotherapy varieties, Apadaloni and Beifang Pythals are all doing clinical research and pd-1 co-medication, which, once approved, will result in a new round of performance growth. Shr-1210 and Apateni combination therapy have obtained very impressive clinical data in the pre-clinical trials, and the results of the i-clinical results were at the Asco conference in 2018.
The results were reported as 50% orr on late-stage hepatocyte cancer, and the first-line drug, Solafeni, was used to treat failed patients. Nor 10% of the orr in first-line treatment, and the combination of the two can achieve a breakthrough effect on liver cancer. Hepatic cancer is the fourth highest cancer in the country, with 360,000 cases per year and 320,000 deaths.
In the next three years, it is expected that the company will have a large number of anti-cancer innovations, with a peak of 15 billion in the sale of innovations, and that the Apadaloni and Zulteni anti-cancer innovations will be introduced for a short period of time and will continue to unleash market potential.
Cdk4/6 is the company’s next three billion or so heavy-pound product, when the structure of the HUNDL anti-cancer products will be changed from a pseudo-pharmaceutical to an innovation-based drug-based, and HUNI will complete the transition to an innovative research and development enterprise with the power and capital of the source of innovation. Over the next three years, it is expected that the company will have several anti-cancer innovation drugs on the market, Apadalini, ZUNI, pd-1, pd-l1, arpressants, parp.
The sales of inhibitors and cdk4/6 inhibitors will peak at about $15 billion. One of the companies in the company’s research and development pipeline that is in early clinical hot spots is one of the innovative drivers of a virtuous circle of performance that deserves long-term attention and investment.
Figure 41: Predicted time and peak sales of anti-cancer incendiary innovations.
19 November 2018 Retail Pharmacy Special Overseas Experience: The United States and Japan's Road to Growing Chains, November 2018: double-wheel drive, the blue sail medical transition re-opened, November 2018.
Medical clearance was strong on 30 October 2018, and long-term values were taken into account — three-quarter reviews of American Health — a copy of a pharmaceutical series of 28 October 2018 (I): American market environment, thick hairs, 29 September 2018, glittering into the spring — an in-depth report of the Cullen Pharmaceuticals Industry.
The depth of the medical equipment industry series of 31st of 2018 (I): The equipment industry is sailing ahead, and the product industry is on its way.
On July 23, 2018, sales drove steady and high growth, a variety strategy was developed to create a high-quality oral pharmaceutical industry — depth of the Shichuan pharmaceutical industry — and the Chinese drug injection was re-stressed on 15 July 2018, and the market for children's drugs was stagnating — a review of the Code of Prescription for Medical Institutions — The Chinese-American trade war of July 13, 2018 continued to warm, with a geometric impact on the pharmaceutical industry? — Trade fast reviews (II)
On the 30th of June of 2018, a major change was made in the pharmaceutical and electric industry, and on the 24th of June of 2018, the U.S.P.I.P.I.E.L.D.L.D. was approved for production. On the 30th of May of 2018, it was decided to change its face.
Applications for the production of a vaccine for the new nostril flu in Changchun on May 10th, 2018, and the approval of a public evaluation for the Heungry Medicine Figsten on May 05, 2018.