Felix Sérèssgroup (601127ch) asks the world for a price-for-value increase in value-for-money and client experience, atopricecuts trategyimprovedcost-effectivessandcustomerexperity, seresandhuaweicreateawin-winfuture
Barneyyao oscarwang, hot speed review flashanalysis.
On January 13, the aito officer announced a partial reduction in the price of m5ev and m7 products. China indicated that aito asked the community for more than 75,000 vehicles in 2022, the fastest-growing brand of new energy vehicles, and that the aito question series brought the largest new year benefits to the wider user community, with a premium of 30,000.
Euro, a new year's thanks-giving exercise for some of the models: Question area m5 is a two-year basic maintenance: an estimated total value of $3.3-35,000 is provided for the owners of the m5ev, m7 comfort edition, the first luxury edition, the full-car cover is extended to 8 years and 160,000 kilometres, and the product can be purchased within the aito market; Question area page 7 is extended to 8 years and 160,000 kilometres for the first owner of the fleet, with an estimated value of $23,000.
Ask the world about the price of the hot-marketed car, to increase value for money and client experience. According to the delivery data published by the aito brand, after the first time in August, it stabilized for three months at more than 10,000 vehicles, but in November it was only 8,260, with a 31.3 per cent drop in the ring, and in December it was 10,143. According to the Federation, nearly 49,000 copies of the 2022 extension of m5 were sold, with a total of more than 21,000 vehicles, but with a positive figure for medely.
The competitive m5ev is less than 10,000 vehicles, and there is a huge gap between the 100,000 and 2 million delivery targets and the Chinese side. As a result of the deep collaboration between Cyrus and China, the brand name was considered by the market to be a very gold-bearing new model of car construction at the beginning of its life.
It's because of its brand value, which is a powerful resource for China, and the price reduction strategy for the balance of profit and loss, which puts the customer experience and product value first, and has taken the initiative to eliminate the power of the old car owners that might arise if Tesla's prices were reduced, is the best solution for the new and old car owners to be satisfied. China's 1,000-store shop channels have a powerful multiplier effect, and we think they can expect to rely on China.
As the country’s first competition with Ventsra, the world is expected to increase the value for money and the customer’s experience quickly at a price exchange to help boost the volume and share of the market further. It comes from the fact that the world of inquiry is higher than the world of questions, and that Cyrus and Washington are working together to create a win-win future.
Cars are the only lost business in China, which currently spends billions of dollars a year on smart car business alone. The transformations that China has set for automobiles are: smart car solutions reduce research budgets, strengthen business closures, develop modular paths, focus on building competitive advantages in several key components, moving from size to profit and cash flow. So, China's intellectual cooperation model, which is not satisfied with Cyrus, is working with more cars.
For Cyrus, the brand is the beginning and the key to the country’s new energy car market, the start of a rapid beach raid, and only 30% of the total sales of the Cyrus Group. On 2 January, Férrez announced a total of 267.2 million cars sold in 2022, of which 80,000 were sold in cooperation with China.
Cyrus’s top priority is to reverse its growing losses and achieve a balance of gains and losses as soon as possible. We believe that the deepening cooperation between Cyrus and Wall in 2023 is expected to bring more surprises to the branding of the world, and that the synergy of the pursuit of their respective goals is expected to help Cyrus and China achieve a win-win situation.
Cyrus' strategic layout is global, with more than 20,000 new car orders. On January 13, the Cyrus Group signed a contract with more than 20 partners for a Belgian-Brussels 5-lighted car. After five years of research and development, design and validation, Cyrus formed “China’s lead, the world’s most advanced” high-performance, pure power-driven and intelligent, power-driven technologies.
Instead of carrying 90 kwh semi-solid batteries and 80 kwh lithium batteries, the wltp extension of 530 km is expected to start delivery in March. We consider the release of the new Sets5 model to be a symbol of a further expansion of Cyrus’ globalization strategy, with the expansion of overseas markets helping to accelerate the scale effect.