Global Head Lithium Company, clear resource advantage Investment rating: buy-in (first time) of global lithium resource head business, with access to high-quality lithium mine and lithium salt lake resources
The strategic deployment of the company ' s lithium resources in China, Australia and Chile is one of the few companies in the world that are involved in both high-quality lithium mines and salt lake halogenated mineral resources, with two lithium mines and two lithium salt lakes, with a combined capacity of more than 55 million tonnes of lce, with an over-equity resource.
Of these, 26% of the Greenbush mines are the world’s lowest-cost, highest-grade, highest-capacity lithium quarries, with a total mineral resource of about 16 million tonnes. 22% of the Atacama Salt Lake is the world’s highest-yielding lithium salt lakes.
In 2023, 42% of the total global supply of salt-producing lakes took place.
The company is leading and technologically advanced in the deployment of five lithium-commodity production bases at home and abroad. Of these, Sichuan is the company’s first production base, with an annual production capacity of about 24,000 tons for integrated lithium-chemical products; Jiangsu Zhang Kajiang production base is currently the only fully operational site in the world.
The mobile battery-grade lithium carbonate production plant, with an existing capacity of 20,000 tons per year; the Sichuan Su Ningan housing plant, with a battery-grade lithium carbonate project of 20,000 tons per year, is currently in the production capacity slope phase.
With the rapid downside of lithium carbonate prices, the rate of return for lithium projects has declined significantly, and industry expansion plans may slow down. There is now a reduction in domestic high-cost cloud-mother mines and some Australian mines due to loss pressures, with clear signals from the industry. Companies have high-quality resources as well as self-sufficiency in the industry.
High lithium companies, with a greater resource advantage: new production capacity less than expected; downstream demand less than expected; new technologies emerging; uncontrollable global location1 Global lithium resource headlines
In 1995, the company was established to cover the critical stages of the lithium chain, including the development of hard rock lithium mining resources, the sale of lithium concentrates and the production and sale of lithium chemical products. In 2004, Tianqi’s group acquired the laser lithium industry; in 2010, the company acquired it.
In deep-seated markets, capital markets were used to improve the layout of the industrial chain; in 2012, the company acquired mining rights for the Tsola lithium quartz mine in Yajiang County, Sichuan. In 2014-2018, the company held ownership of the Tyllison lithium industry, the Zabuye lithium industry, and sqm. In 2021, the company completed the foreign subsidiary tlea introduced strategic investors igo; in 2022, the company took over the company ' s share of the company.
Hong Kong Associated Offices are listed, raising funds to pay off their sqm debt and expanding their productive capacity. Chart 1 is a major development process, with global production capacity, and Chinese-and-China co-development.
In terms of resources, upstream, there are two lithium mines and two salt lakes, which together have more than 55 million tonnes of resources and more than 14 million tonnes of power. Of this, 26% of Greenbush mines held by companies are among the lowest-cost, highest-grade, most productive lithium quarries in the world, and total mineral resources amounting to about 16 million tonnes of lce.
Atacama Salt Lake is the world's largest producer of lithium salt, accounting for 42% of the total global supply of salt-producing lakes in 2023. It accounts for 16% of the global supply of lithium-producing resources in 2023. In middle-swain, corporate lithiumization is to be owned by the Greenbush mine owned by Australia's controlling subsidiary, Telison, and fully-owned China IV.
The processing and sale of lithium concentrates on the holding subsidiary, Telison; the production of lithium chemical products is done through the Sichuan shooting of Hong, Jiangsu Zhang, Chongqing copper beams and the Australian Quinana factory.
1.1 Focus on lithium concentrates and lithium compounds products. The company’s performance is expected to recover as a result of the downside price of lithium salt, the recovery in demand for energy vehicles and storage batteries in 2023, and the support of macro-policies for the market environment.
Used mainly for the production of lithium metal, battery electrolyte, polybenzoether, and also for use as welding agent for aluminium, air conditioning, waterless chlorination, waterless lithium chloride
For example, for example, weeds and special cement raw materials, figure 4 of the company's annual collection and acceleration, and figure 5 of the company's calendar year of profit and increase.
The price of lithium chemical products continues to fall, reducing the overall Māori rate in 2018.
The increase of $3.5 billion in corporate M&A loans to purchase shares in the world’s leading lithium product supplier, sqm, led to a significant increase in corporate asset-liability rates and significant financial costs, which had a significant impact on corporate profits. In 2021, driven by national industrial policies, demand in the new energy automotive sector rose, and companies turned into surpluses, Māori rates, net interest rates.
In 2022, while the company had improved its business performance, it successfully completed the distribution of h shares and used the collection funds to repay the M & A loans, the debt crisis came to an end, and the treasury.
1.2 Corporate equity is stablely concentrated, core management is experienced, corporate equity is stablely concentrated, and the chain of business is tied up and down. The chairman, Mr. Jiang Weiping, and her co-actors, Ms. Jing Jing hold 25.35% of the company ' s shares through the stock-holding Tianqi group, and Ms. Jing holds 4.18% of the shares directly.
The main subsidiaries include Yingshan Tianqi, Tianqi Lit, Tian Qi Lilong, Hung Tian Qi, Chengdu Tianqi, Litsu, Hua Lit, Tlea, etc. The company achieved a high quality salt lake by holding 20% share in the lithium industry of Zabuye, Tibet, and 23.7% share in the sqm.
The company’s core management has many years of experience in the business. The chairman, Ms. Ange Chiang, has been in the lithium industry for almost 10 years.
2 From raw materials to customers, yield ups and downs of 2.1 raw materials: a global pool of high-quality lithium mines and lithium salt lake resources.
The company’s important lithium resource projects include the Green Bush mine, the Sichuan Yatola lithium mine, Atacama Salt Lake, and Zabuye Salt Lake. The company is now 100% self-sufficient in lithium resources, with the cost of raw materials and resource advantages highlighted.
Australia's Green Bush Mine is the world's largest, most productive and best-grade lithium mine. In 2023, the mineral resources of the Green Bush Lithium Pulse Central Pulse and Kapanga Mines continued to be explored and exploited in depth.
As of 31 December 2023, the total mineral resources of the Limestone mine in Greenbus were 447 million tons, with an average grade of lithium oxide of 1.5 per cent and about 16 million tons of lithium equivalent to carbonate; the combined reserves of the Limestone mine in Greenbus total 179 million tons, with an average grade of lithium oxide of 1.9 per cent, and about 8.5 million tons of lithium equivalent to carbonate.
The Limestone mine in Green Bush was the highest lithium mine in 2023, accounting for the first half of global production in 2023, with a total production of 612,019 tons of lithium concentrate, with a total production of 590,989 tons of chemical-grade products and a total production of 21.030 tons of technical-grade products.
In addition, the single ton cash cost of converting the Limestone mine to lithium carbonate is at a lower level in all hard rock lithium mining projects; in the context of rising human resource costs in the Western Australian region, the Limestone mine, with its high ore grade, mature ore selection techniques and advanced management systems, has always remained relatively high.
The advantage of low production costs. (2) The Sichuan Jajia Tsola lithium mine, Tsang Lithium Pelican, is part of Asia's largest hard rock lithium meth mine, currently containing 632,000.
Tons of lce, with a resource content of 1.3 per cent, the company ' s lithium industry has introduced violet gold as a strategic investor in the Tshola Lithite Project in order to optimize the equity structure, take full advantage of the company ' s resource advantages and of the violet gold mining advantages in mineral development and construction.
(3) Atacama Salt Lake, the company ' s share company sqm currently operates the world ' s largest lithium salt lake, Atacama Salt Lake. As one of the world ' s highest-quality lithium salt lake resources, the Atacama Salt Lake has very high lithium ion concentrations, very low magnesium.
The highest annual global production of lithium salt lakes accounted for 42% of the total global supply of salt-producing lakes in 2023 and 16% of the global supply of lithium-producing resources in 2023. At the same time, production costs for Atacama Salt Lake are lower in the global lithium salt lake project.
Zabuye Salt Lake, Tibet is the world’s third largest and Asia’s largest lithium mine, with the world’s second-largest lithium-bearing lake. In 2014, the company acquired 20% of its share in Zabuye, Japan.
Source: 1.79 million tons, with the advantages of large reserves of lithium carbonate, high grade, and low ratio of lithium magnesium. 2.2 end of production: lead-scale, technologically advanced chemical plants.
Ning An-ju, Chongqing, Jiang Su-Huan, and Quinana, Australia, where Sichuan Shooting Hung is the company’s first production base, with a rich variety of products and well-managed operations, integrated lithium chemical products produce about 24 million tons of annual production capacity; and Jiang Su-Hang, which is currently the only global production base in the world.
Some fully automated battery-grade lithium carbonate production plants with an existing capacity of 20,000 tons per year in mature operations; Chongqing copper sorghum production base as the company ' s metal lithium production plant, which is important for the company ' s layout in the field of solid-state batteries, was officially completed on 26th, and the project is currently in the production capacity climb phase.
According to the announcement, in 2023, the company achieved 152.23 million tons of lithium concentrate, with 2.3 clients: developing in tandem with a high-sleet, high-quality customer strategy. The company has a high-quality client base and actively promotes upstream and downstream cooperation in the industrial chain.
In addition, companies strategically invest in new energy sources such as Shanghai space power sources, ses, Beijing defense blues and tungsten, sign strategic partnership agreements or cooperation agreements with China Innovation, Beijing defense blues, etc., and with Mercedes.
A memorandum of understanding, a strategic cooperation agreement with Jili to deepen cooperation with the downstream of the industrial chain and leverage synergies in the industrial chain to enhance the stability and long-term sustainability of the company ' s operations.3 Profit forecasting, valuation and investment ratings
3.1 Key assumptions and performance projections Sales assumptions: assuming the gradual release of the Australian Green Bush minerals to sell some of the lithium concentrates to meet the company's production; full production of the company's traditional lithium salt base; integrated lithium chemical products from the Sichuan flood production base
About 24,000 tons of annual capacity; 20,000 tons of current capacity at Jiangsujiang Palace Production Base; 600 tons of current annual capacity at Chongqing Copper beam Production Base; and 20,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate from the Sichuan Suningan Housing Plant were officially completed on 26 October 2023, and the project is currently in the production capacity slope phase. We predict that the company will be able to climb 2024-2026.
Lithium concentrate sales are 92/10/10.1 million tons and the total sales of lithium salt is 7.5/85/90,000 tons. Price forecasts are: supply is greater than demand in 2024 and lithium prices remain low. Information on the current decline in overseas supply levels is available.
It will continue to appear. In terms of the overall pace of development of the lithium carbonate industry, production depth integration has begun. We predict the Māori rate: the company’s base cost for lithium concentrate mining is constant, and the lithium concentrate required for lithium salt production is all 1) less than expected. If the company’s expansion of the mines and lithium salt is not as fast as expected, or affects the company’s future.
2) Downstream demand is less than expected. If new energy cars are sold at home and abroad do not perform as expected, this may result in lower than expected demand for lithium salt and an over-anticipated drop in the price of lithium salt, which may affect the price and volume of the company’s main product. 3) New technologies are emerging: technological innovations in downstream applications such as sodium batteries are expected to replace lithium batteries.
The result is a significant reduction in the demand for key products such as lithium carbonate, lithium hydroxide, and an over-expected drop in the price of lithium salt, all of which may affect the uncontrollable global geo-risk of the company’s main product sales and sales.
Qualitative, if geopolitical conflicts result in significant policy changes or affect the progress of the project. Using legally compliant information, the present report is produced independently and objectively, the data and information used in this report are from open market information, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information or the information and recommendations contained therein.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.