Autonomous national cpu core supplier, entering the gold development phase
The company is a leading producer of generic cpu in the country, and it insists on its own innovation and masters the core computer technology of the cpu command system, processor ip, and operating systems. We maintain the previous profit forecast, and we expect that in the next few years, the company will move into the golden age of development and maintain the core core of the core.
• Adherence to core technology such as autonomous R & D command systems, ip nuclear companies insist on building open information technology systems and industrial cpu enterprises independent of the Wintel and aa systems based on autonomous command systems. Most cpu enterprises in the country are based on arm.
Or x86 command systems are integrated into existing information technology systems abroad. The core modules of the operating systems, including kernels, three compilers (gcc, llvm, golang), three virtual machines (java, javascript,.net), have been migrated or developed on the basis of Loongarch.
Browsers, media players, kvm virtual machines, etc.. Unlike most integrated circuit design firms in the country that purchase commercial ip for chip design, core core cores have been developed autonomously by core core cores, resulting in hundreds of ips, including serial cpuip, gpuip, memory controllers and phy, high-speed bus controllers and phy.
The technology gap between cpu on the east side and the overseas front is significantly reduced, and the technology gap between the company ' s desktop and overseas front line is significantly reduced. According to an online evaluation of the middle-kang village, the core 3a5,000 (published in July 2021) was hit by unixbench performance, spec2006, office software wps
At the performance test, cpu performance is almost close to inteleli5950006 (sold in August 2019).
Eco-College First Cover Report 2022.6.29 Open 10mb (text + pictures) file at a speed of 1.54 seconds, faster than 1.86 seconds of the inteli 5950006 nuclear, less than expected: the risk of brain drain: the risk of rising costs of raw materials, etc.
Company profile: The lead company in the country, cpu, is mainly involved in the development, marketing and servicing of processors (cpu) and supporting chips. The main products are core 1, core 2, core 3, three series processor chips and bridge chips, and a series of products.
The company was established in 2008 and placed on the market in 2022, and it is the leading producer of cpu. The shareholders in the company are Skychild Cube Technology, which actually controls the human being Hu Wei Wu and Jin Hong.
Hu Weiwwu holds 47.67% of the share in the Tsing Child Source and invests 15.02% of the share in the partnership for the first major shareholder. Hu Wei Wu and Jinhong (the couple) invest in the Tsing Cs and Cs, Tsing Cs and Cs, and 30.18% of the voting rights of the Tsing Cs, are:
In 2021, IT chip revenue was 54.7 per cent, the company’s largest Māori rate, higher net interest rates, and the roic and roe bottom up. In 2021, the company Māori rate was 53.7 per cent, an increase of 5.0 percentage points from 48.7 per cent in 2020, mainly due to high Māori rates of industrial controls and instrument chips.
2.1. Central processors are the core of computing and control. Central processors (cpu) are the core of computing and control.
The essence of cpu is a super-large integrated circuit that interprets computer instructions and processes data in computer software, and is responsible for controlling and allocating all hardware and software resources to computers. cpu can logically be divided into control units and operation units.
Control unit, to obtain executable code from the storage unit and convert it to executable command by command translation. The operation unit, which calculates data in the storage unit on the basis of the command obtained. The computer program ultimately needs to be converted to a " command" to run on cpu, so the command set is used.
This is particularly important for the design of cpu. According to the set of instructions used, cpu can be divided into two categories: complex command set (cisc) and streamlined command set (risc), each of which has different characteristics. Complex command set, rich command, flexible location search, microprocessor at its core, variable length of command, robust, complex program execution.
Efficiency; streamlined command sets, simple and easily designed command structures, with a higher performance efficiency ratio. Of these, x86 structures are representative of complex command sets, while arm structures, mips structures and alpha structures are representative of streamlined instructions.
2.2 The large cpu market space in the country is mainly used in different equipment such as servers, workstations, personal computers (desktops, laptops), mobile terminals and embedded equipment.
The server has a high-speed data processing capability, a strong i/o data absorption capability, good scalability... and requires a long and reliable operation with cpu chips in terms of performance, reliability, scalability and maintenance.
Personal computers include two main categories, desktops and laptops, which are used primarily for personal work, learning, recreation, and office needs of company employees.
Mobile terminals include mobile phones, notebooks, tablet computers, poss, etc. As integrated circuit technology advances and mobile networks move to broadband, mobile terminals are gradually moving from a simple call tool to an integrated information processing platform.
Embedded equipment requires high stability and low power consumption, and its processors are highly adaptable to the environment (e.g. temperature, humidity, electromagnetic field, vibration, etc.). Small size, and high integration. It applies to industrial controls, mobile portable equipment, object network terminals, etc.
It is estimated that the domestic server cpu needs approximately 7.94 million in 2021 and the market space is wide. Desktop pc is also an important cpu market. In addition to the server, desktop pc is also an important application domain for cpu. idc data show that 57 million domestic pcs were shipped in 2021, with a normal need for one desktop pc.
cpu, so the domestic market cpu needs about 57 million in 2021. Figure 12: One cpu per pc board is needed. Figure 13: The domestic market cpu needs about 57 million in 2021
2.3 The global server and pc-pu market are monopolized by intel and md. The national production replaces the large space system ' s Wintel system: the second is the aa system based on the arm command system and the aandroid operating system.pc and the server market are mainly based on the Wintel system and the arm are based on the mobile market.
Intel and md monopolize the global server and pc cpu markets, and have a larger national production replacement space. Research institutes mercuryresearch data show that in 2021, x86 architecture chips accounted for 90.5% and 97% of the market share in the pc market and servers, respectively. Intel and amd in the server and pc cpu market, respectively.
The total share of the population is 93.8% and the national production replacement space is larger.Cpu is currently composed of six major companies, namely, Dragon-chip Central, Electric-Koshhentai, Heiss, Flying Information, Sealight Information, and Shanghai-Mock Cores. By type of command system used, it can be divided into three broad categories: first, it is.
In the early years, the Mips-compatible command system and the classal alpha command system were used for the core medium and the electro-shentai, respectively, and are now autonomous in the development of the command system; in the second category, the Haeth and Flying Information system was used for the arm command system; and in the third category, the spectra information and the upper sea mime core was used for the x86 command system.
3- Adherence to autonomous innovation, building a national product, cpu leader, 3.1. Years of research and development have been rewarded, with the introduction of an autonomous high-performance generic cpu, which was established in May 2001 with the support of the Institute of Science and Technology ' s innovation project on knowledge.
In August 2002, Dragonheart 1 was officially launched, containing more than 6 million transistors capable of implementing more than 250 directives, the first generic high performance cpu with autonomous intellectual property rights in the country.
In 2008, the 4-nucleotide 3 was successful, using a 65nm process, with a main frequency of 1ghz-1.2ghz, with 425 million transistors, and the national cpu chip officially entering the multinuclear age. In 2010, with co-led funding from the Chinese Academy of Sciences and the Beijing City Government, Lungi started the market.
In 2015, for the first time, the core sales revenue was broken by billions of dollars and the profit/loss balance was achieved. In July 2021, the core 3a5,000 was released, the first of which was handled on the basis of the autonomous command system, the loongarch.
Device chip with a main frequency of 2.3 ghz-2.5 ghz, containing four processors at the core, using the 12nm process. 3.2, Autonomous R & D command systems, ip nuclei, etc. Companies insist on building a system independent of the Wintel and aa systems based on an autonomous command system
Unlike most of the country’s cpu firms, which are based mainly on anrm or X86 command systems, which are integrated into existing information technology systems abroad, the heart core has introduced an autonomous command system, and has migrated or developed core modules of the operating system based on loongarch, including the three main components.
Editors (gcc, llvm, golang), three virtual machines (java, javascript,.net), browsers, media players, kvm virtual machines, etc. Advanced, loongarch incorporates the latest results of the evolution of modern command systems, operating efficiency, etc.
Higher, the same source code is translated into the previously supported mics of the core by the same source code, and the number of dynamic execution instructions can be reduced by an average of 10-20%.
In terms of compatibility, the Loongarch command system takes full account of ecological compatibility requirements and integrates 86, 86, 86, 86, 86, 86 and 86
The main functional features of mainstream international command systems, such as arm, and more than a decade of technological accumulation in binary translation by the Troll core research and development team, can be compatible with cross-command platform applications to achieve ecological integration.
Unlike most integrated circuit design firms in the country, which purchase commercial ip for chip design, the core core core is being developed autonomously by the core core, forming hundreds of ips, including serial cpuip cores, gpuip cores, memory controllers and phy, high-speed bus controllers, and phy. The kernel core is being upgraded through design optimization.
Performance, moving away from reliance on state-of-the-art processes, while at the same time overcoming internal ip nuclear deficiencies through autonomous design of ip nuclears. Core technology and capability build-up in long-term autonomous R & D and industrialization has enabled the core core core core to evolve rapidly on an existing technology basis to better meet client customization basic software and hardware needs and build better.
Autonomous information industry ecology. 3.3, desktop cpu and overseas flagship technology gaps are significantly reduced. The core marketing process can be divided into three phases: the first phase, from 2011 to 2015, is embedded.
Pilot applications in equipment to reach tens of thousands of cpu per year by 2015; second phase pilot applications in e-government from 2016 to 2019 and hundreds of thousands per year by 2019; third phase, roll-out in e-government from 2020 to 2022, pilot applications in key industries from 2020 to 2020
The technology gap between the company ' s desktop cpu and its overseas taps has been significantly reduced. According to an online evaluation of the middle-kang village, the core 3a5,000 (published in July 2021) was opened in unixbench performance, spec2006, office software wps, etc.
At the performance test, cpu performance is essentially close to the level of inteleli5950006 (saled in August 2019), 1889 minutes of the six nm. On the office software wps, the core 3a5,000 opens 10mb (text + picture) documents at 1.54 seconds, faster than 1.86 seconds of the inneli595006.
Figure 18: Dragon core 3a5,000wps opens up at the same speed as inteli59500 and maintains the "buy-in" rating of the core core core of the core core of the core core core of the core core core.
Valuation, however, as a nationally owned, generic cpu lead company with a scarcity of technology and with local ownership of IT engineering, core parts and components, the company will move towards a golden period in the coming years and maintain a “buy-in” of company technology at a lower pace than expected;
cpu’s national production progress is lower than expected: risks such as higher cost of raw materials.