The most autonomous national product, cpu, is the new product, and we're looking at an increase in market access.
From the Chinese Institute of Computers, the most autonomous national producer, cpu, has taken the lead in key information infrastructure, and has shown a strong growth over the last three years. The company’s main business is the development, marketing and servicing of processors and accompanies, which can be classified as information based on applications.
After 20 years of development, the company has built up an accumulation of key, structured core technologies for autonomous cpu R & D and software eco-building. The company has introduced an autonomous command system, loongarch, and has all the source codes of the cpuip core, with the core capabilities of operating systems and basic software.
Business income, net profit return cagr in 2018-2021 was 83.87% and 210.6%, and growth was the second highest among companies, and business income in the information sector was booming. From the benefits of technology premiums and autonomous innovation, the company’s Māori rate was slightly higher than the average comparable company’s Māori rate.
The IT industry has a high profile, policy support for national production has continued to increase, and national production substitution in the “2+8” area has accelerated. The core market of national production is government and key sector markets, and it is highly aligned with the IT industry “2+8” area.
Consumer-level markets, coupled with relatively low requirements for industrial ecology, are in line with the current state of development of the national product cpu Basic data: 31 March 2022, which is also a priority market for companies in the short and medium term.
Core competitiveness of firms: Autonomously manageable at its roots, product performance is approaching the level of mainstream open markets, market recognition and value for money continue to rise. Companies have autonomous R & D directives and core ip modules that connect the bottom-to-bottom technology chain. Loongarch has better autonomy, sophistication, expansion.
Compatibility, based on feedback from the market for loongarch products. Sales revenue from companies unrelated to the mips command system in the second half of 2021 exceeded 50%; under normal substitution schemes, it is expected to be 2022 and positive in the middle of the leaf.
In 2023, the sales will reach about 70% and 90%, respectively.
The development of the package significantly reduced the cost of the system, accelerated the release of the stacked scale effect, and significantly raised the price of the whole system based on the core cpu.
Practice registration code: s0760519120001 Future growth point: Prosperity in the field of deep-farming, optimized product performance, priority practices, expected further growth in market-based rates, and a start-up, autonomous ecology with prospects for a gradual future
In the area of informatization: Party politics/finance/education have gained significant advantages, with sustained priority projects. At the industry level, the information chip alternative market space, dominated by state-owned units, is about 45 billion yuan.
The client’s acceptance of new products is fast, helping to open up the 3a5,000 market. In the area of industrial control, energy/trading has a strong edge, consumer-level markets have opened up, and new goods are on the rise.
At the industry level, the country has only 11.3% business intelligence manufacturing readiness, and there is still a high degree of penetration in the future; space is raised; industrial automation markets account for less than 40% of the country’s product market; and import substitution for industrial control markets is wide.
In a relationship with a series of chip products that have been developed in conjunction with specific application needs in the field of industrial control, more stable and continuous orders are available, while market openings and customer nurturing have gradually emerged, and the scale of sales of consumer electronics, dominated by Dragon 1, is expected to continue to expand.
Autonomous ecological construction is in its early stages and is expected to enter the open market in the long run. At present, thousands of companies are working together, hundreds of thousands of downstream developers are working, and an autonomous information industry ecological system based on a core processor is being developed.
\triangleright Arbitration and Litigation Risks; Risks of less than anticipated product markets; Risks of less than expected ecological construction; Risk of market competition; Risk of concentration of customers and suppliers; Risk of loss of core skilled personnel;
1. Company profile: the most autonomous national producer of cpu, the leader of the national autonomous cpu, the builder of the autonomous ecology.
The company is the only company in the country that insists on building a secure and controlled information technology system independent of the Wirtel and aa systems and industrial ecology based on autonomous command systems. After 20 years of development, the company has developed a key built-in technology for autonomous cpu R & D and software ecology.
The company has become the leader of the country’s own cpu, the architect of its own ecology. The Chinese Institute of Statistics has begun to develop a major and dedicated support package of dragon cores, cpu 863, 973 and nuclear heights, which has completed almost a decade of technological accumulation.
"Lone core fakes" during the Tenth Five-Year Plan; "Lone cores no use" during the Eleventh Five-Year Plan; industrial explorations; market transformation of the Group; launch of an autonomous command system in 2020, co-financed by the Loongarch Central College and the Beijing City Government; and establishment of the Dragon-Pilot Central Corporation.
Translating the technology (samples) of the Academy of Sciences into products, forming a “twice” of the cpu performance and sales revenues achieved during the period of the 13th Five-Year Plan, completing the technical “compensation” and starting a new process of autonomous ecological construction.
The introduction of 3a/c5,000, with cpu performances approaching market mainstream cpu levels, has been used extensively in the areas of safety equipment, e-government, energy, transport, finance, education, etc.
The company's main business is the development, sale and servicing of processors and supporting chips, which can be divided into information, engineering, etc. depending on the area of application. The main products and services include processors and supporting chip products and basic hardware and software solutions.
The system ' s two main lines of industrial ecological development, with comprehensive market cooperation with partners in the areas of cybersecurity, office and business information, industrial and physical networking, and the wide range of products that have been widely used in the fields of e-government, energy, transport, finance, telecommunications, education, etc. Since 2017, companies have been operating in both the information and industrial and industrial sectors at a rapid stage of development and have gradually expanded to open commercial areas.
The chips developed by the company include chip packages such as Dragon Cube 1, Dragon Cube 2, Dragon Cycling 3 and bridge chips. The main guest is a card, a whole machine. Dragon Cycling Series 1, Dragon Cycling Series 2 is primarily for industrial control applications; Dragon Cycling Series 3 is mainly for information-based applications.
Applications, some of which are for high-end engineering and control applications; matching bridges, which are used in both industrial and informational fields. (1) The Lodge 1 series is a low-power, low-cost specialized embedded soc or mcu processor, usually integrated into a 32-bit low-power instrument core, and the application landscape is oriented towards embedded specialized applications such as federated terminals, instrumentation equipment, data collection, etc.
(b) Dragon core series 2 is a low-power general-processor, designed using a single chip soc, usually integrated into 1-4-bit low-power processors Nuclear, applied to areas such as industrial control and terminals, such as network equipment, industrial terminals, intelligent manufacturing, etc. (3) Dragon-core series 3 is a high-performance generic processor, usually integrated into 4 and above 64-digit high-performance processor cores, coupled with bridges.
Use, application scenes to inform areas such as desktops and servers. Accompanied chips include bridges and unsold power chips, clock chips, etc.
Through long-term accumulation, the company has acquired a range of autonomous patents and intellectual property rights, with outstanding technological advantages, and it has made a series of major breakthroughs in core technologies such as processor nuclear design, high-speed interconnection design, memory controller design, physical design, etc., and is at the forefront of the national generic processor industry. By the end of 2021, 539 company R & D workers, representing 65.57 per cent of the workforce, were patented 522 items, of which 522 were patented.
In-country inventions have 388 patents and overseas inventions have 21 patents. Companies are a small number of companies in the country that can conduct command system structures and cpuip nuclear authorizations, and core technologies have been applied to major business products, creating more competitive product R & D capabilities. 1.2 Core teams: strong technology, rich R & D experience, long-term stability
The core technologists of the company are Ph.D.s., most of them have studied or worked in the Chinese Academy, and have been involved in the early development of the multi-valued products of the core core processor, with considerable experience in the structure and microstructure of the cpu command system. The company’s chairman, chief manager, chief scientist, Mr. Hu Weiwu, is the dragon core.
The master designer has been involved in the development of the core processor since 2001. Dr. Hu has been leading the development of the dragon cores 1, 2, and 3, as chief scientists in the core cores, conducting the technical work of the core process, organizing the planning of the core study, developing the route map, and leading the development of new products.