The company's introduction to the "Trailer Model" pioneers, sits on the ladder.
The company was founded in 2003 to create a “trigger model”. When it returned to a stock market in 2015, it gradually moved from diversification to focusing on elevator and cinema media.
The number of internal leading points and the availability of high-quality location resources in high-line cities have an advantage in size. (2) Large crowd networks, with high penetration of company high-line urban cores, have an advantage of scale to drive downstream advertisers to have long-term and stable investment needs.
Trends in the industry: The warming of the advertising industry and the synergy of the value of the next step in the advertising industry further highlight the fact that the advertising industry as a whole is procyclical, with the growth of total social zeros on a year-on-year basis, which has led to an upturn in the cost of publications and a recovery in consumer demand for the advertising industry as a whole.
As the country's Internet advertising traffic peaks, the price increases for advertisers, the profit margins for advertisers, and the effect roi continue to fall. The demand for advertisers has moved from the main investment effect to the co-opting strategy. And the passive properties of the ladders are naturally compatible with brand advertising.
The value of the ladders is growing as advertisers raise their brands’ share of advertising. The company’s point is that the number of spots has expanded, both within and outside the country, and the number of entries has increased in proportion to the value of publications.
In terms of point growth, the company’s domestic location is being optimized, and its location penetration in high-line cities is continuously rising, mainly on smart screens. Active overseas expansion of points is evident in the growth of TV and elevator poster equipment. We believe that future location expansion is optimal.
On the one hand, as the company optimizes the client structure plus the ai model, it contributes to a steady increase in the number of client-driven listings, while on the other hand, increasing competition among industry advertisers for high-quality posts further pushes up the listing rate and the price of publications.
In mid-year, 10% of the price has been raised to new customers, and again 10% of the price has been raised to all clients since next year. On the other hand, the one model has helped to reduce the cost of operating, selling, writing, etc., by increasing the flexibility of the price.
In our view, the company's leadership is strong, it actively expands its high-quality location, and it's an enabler, both within and outside the country.
+ Optimizing the client structure leads to a profit elasticity in the contribution of a client growth-driven listing rate at the same price as a journal.
The company was founded in May 2003 by Jiang Namchun, from 2005 to 2007 and acquired a number of media to expand its main business.
In 2017, it began expanding its overseas markets, investing in Korea, Singapore, Indonesia, and Thailand, and making profits in Korea, Singapore, and Indonesia. In 2020, as Internet industry regulation became more overlapping, companies restructured their customers, increased the share of consumer advertising and continued to expand.
The company’s overall development can be divided into the following four stages: The city became the first Chinese media company to successfully go to the United States, with ipo financing of $170 million, which was a record year’s mid-year stock offer. Between 2005 and 2007, several media were acquired to become the leader of the elevator’s media.
In 2014, a new generation of interactive television was launched, with the addition of w-fi, ibeacon, nfc, etc. In 2016, the company extended its business coverage to life circles (focusing on two-line urban media) and entertainment circles (three-line cities).
Since 2017, overseas markets have been deployed, with successive investments in subsidiaries such as Korea, Singapore, Indonesia, and Thailand.
In July of the same year, the company gained strategic shares of about $15 billion from the Ali Baba Group and its associates, expanding the pattern of more digital marketing under new retail sales. Companies upgrade their services, such as open smart screens, to improve their quality and thus their competitiveness.
At the same time, tight regulation of the Internet, online education, etc., has affected advertising markets. Companies have adjusted their client structure, focusing on sectors such as consumer goods, and have continued to expand their advertising presence.
As the main beneficiaries of consumer-market warming, fast-selling, transportation, and leisure and entertainment advertising, companies are expected to increase their earnings further in the context of economic recovery and higher demand for advertising.
1.2 Equity structure: clear equity, stable workforce ownership scheme Founder Jiang Namchun has 20 years of experience in marketing and deep-farming ladders. Jiang Namchun created a company in May 2003 to serve as chairman and chief executive officer. Jiang Namchun has a great marketing experience and served as a teacher during the university.
In 2003, he was selected as an annual media figure and won the title of Contemporary Distinguished Advertiser, and since then he has been rated as “China's Top Ten Advertising Man” and “Economic Man of the 2018’s.” Jiangnan Spring has been searching through a wealth of catalysts and marketing experience, eventually establishing a focused community of media. As of 20232, Jiang Nam
From 2019 to 2020, the company launched a core staff member who, by means of a staff-funded subscription, accumulated a stock buyback of 52.56 million shares through the secondary market, which accounts for some of the total share capital.
The second phase, in December 2020, was aimed at 4 executives and 196 core technologies (a 1.3 component of the industry: the creation of a life-cycle media, with a variety of products that satisfy the various advertising companies that build the country’s largest urban-life media network. The company’s current main business is to open up the life-cycle media.
The main products are the building media (including elevator television and elevator poster media), cinema screen advertisements, and other media, covering the work, living, entertainment and consumption scenes of the urban majority consumers, and integrating them into the life-cycle media network.
1) Building Media Business: A wide variety of products to meet the needs of advertising owners The company ' s media layout, icd, smart screens and frame posters: 1) lcd joint screens: the company now owns about half a million screens throughout the country and averages all screens in the first-line cities of Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Shenzhen.
It is divided into a1, a2, a3, a4 networks, and the other cities are divided into three networks, each in the same city, with a daily frequency of 100 broadcasts per advertising day. 2) Smart screens support the launch of the network, without manual publication, and are randomly distributed in accordance with accounting regulations. The company now owns about 400,000 smart screens throughout the country.
The frame poster is divided into 1.0 copies of the paper frame poster and 2.0 versions of the digital framework poster. As of July 2023, the company had 1.87 million poster equipment (including shares) throughout the country.
The company’s products are rich enough to meet the needs of advertising owners of all kinds. 1) Large company customers can choose to use an icd screen. Company seconds, 30 seconds, etc.
The smart screen supports the use of “separate” applications for self-help selection of a package. The advertiser has the benefit of a company’s precision placement services, such as sifting of buildings, crowd orientation, and so forth.
The minimum standard for smart screens is a single screen, a minimum of three days for start-up and a low price of thousands of dollars for short-term activity advertisements and local businesses. Frame posters are usually signed or sold in combination with a network set. Small- and medium-sized advertisers have a low threshold for posting them.
2) Media operations: The minimum placement criteria for pre-screening are single screens, full-time broadcasts, and a 2-week placement cycle.
A single ad has a 15-, 30- and 60-second-long advertising standard. The pre-enactment ad is usually packaged to the city, and the price is usually floating according to the city, the slot, the routing, and the ticket house.
Through the use of its resources, the company has launched a comprehensive chain of “hospital+” products covering the country’s pre-screening networks, advertising of offline positions (posters, led light boxes, smart screens, etc.), film sticker authorizations (film implantation, film elemental authorization, etc.) and so on.
The company formed a national pre-screening network by purchasing the right to advertise 5-10 minutes prior to the screening of cinema films, and contracted with 1680 cinema media outlets, covering approximately 12,000 cinema halls in 274 cities of the country, to stay at the top of the industry.
Corporate performance has fluctuated in recent years, with a recovery in lower earnings and a recovery in net return earnings. Companies' performance has increased over the past five years, with a “elevator price war” between companies and the new tide in 2019 compressing profit space and a slowdown in the growth of the Internet industry.
In 2021, companies expanded actively, expanding their core positions in the first and second-line cities in the country, with 34.2 per cent of the expansion in the number of locations outside the country, and supply-side growth driven the company’s performance back up. In 2022, the impact of the epidemic, weak demand in the advertising market, and the impact on the company’s operations led to a significant decline in performance. With the onset of the epidemic liberalized by the end of 2022, the economic recovery increased advertising competition.
Billion dollars, a 13.69% increase in the same year, and 2.23 billion yuan in net profit to the mother, a 59.0% increase in the same year. We believe that the company is expected to benefit from the dividends of increased advertising by advertising owners in the second half of a recovery in consumption.
Media (media) and other media. From 2020 to the present, the share of media camps in buildings has remained stable at over 90%; cinemas and cinemas account for around 5%. Of these, the share of media camps in buildings in the first half of 2023 was 93.1%, and cinema media was based on elevator media, supported by cinema media.
Māori ratio: In the lead in the industry, the recovery of demand for advertising led to a further increase in the Māori rate. The company ' s Māori ratio was due mainly to the weakening of demand for advertising as a result of the repeated epidemic, which restricted regular advertising in some of the company ' s priority cities. In December 2022, the epidemic was liberalized, the domestic economy was revitalized, and the demand for advertising markets was gradually warming, leading to 2023h1 Māori as a whole.
The rate rose to 63.9%, returning to 2021 levels. As the domestic economy recovers, domestic advertisers in all sectors have increased and advertising budgets have been added, the company’s Māori ratio is expected to increase further.
Corporate collaboration in the development of a vertical model for the marketing ofai leads to an increase in the cost of associated R & D personnel. Sales rates: company sales rates are stable. Sales costs for 23h1 were slightly reduced by 0.16 per cent from last year, owing to a decrease in the operating costs of salesmen closely related to operating income.
Receivables: The company’s ability to pay back has continued to improve, but the first half of the year saw an upturn in its receivables due to growth in performance. The company’s credit impairments delayed its performance from 2018 to 2019, resulting in the company’s continued strengthening of its accounts management over the following years and a steady decline in its accounts receivable.
The further bias of online advertisers towards fast-disposal advertisers with stable cash flows has led to a steady decline in corporate receivables as a percentage of corporate income to 16 per cent. However, with the economic recovery in the first half of 2023, the credit loss rate of 1.717 billion corporate receivables (including contractual assets) decreased from the early part of the period, with a total reduction of 85.33 million in accounts receivable and contractual assets prepared for bad debts at the end of the period compared with the beginning of the period.
2. Industry analysis: the advertising industry has increased its climate, the escalator has a large long-term space for the advertising industry as a whole: the demand of the market has warmed back, the new advertisers have contributed more, the advertising market has been positively linked to macroeconomic trends and the demand for the advertising industry has recovered. The advertising market is on par with the Chinese gdp.
In times of macroeconomic recession, businesses are down, and advertising and inputs will be one of the costs of cutting spending first. Both the size of the advertising market and the cost of publishing during the 2019-2020 epidemic are showing the same downward trend as macroeconomics. In the first half of the year, total zero was driven by 7.3% growth.
Consumer goods form the basic basket in terms of demand from advertisers. As a result of macroeconomic and regulatory policies, the advertising market as a whole in 2022 accounted for only five categories of advertising costs (food, medicine, alcohol, personal goods, transportation) in the Top10 sector.
In addition, according to the 2022 whole advertising market bill, the share of consumer goods is close to 50%. On the one hand, the steady cash flow for consumer advertisers makes it possible to keep the advertising steady. On the other hand, the consumer advertisers are able to keep the advertising steady.
As a result, in the context of the macroeconomic recovery, consumer goods have been steadily and continuously placed, constituting the basic basis of the advertising industry. Emerging industries have contributed more.
At the same time, new consumption + new energy + new medicines – and so on – have been pro-policyly growing, with advertisers increasing their investment. The new consumer market has gradually evolved from a fast-paced to a steady period. On the one hand, new consumer brands at this stage need to be advertised to create brand image and raise brand visibility.
There is still much room for growth in the new sub-products, and as the demand of the new generation of consumers is further exploited, more new consumer brands or sub-products will emerge. The new energy market is still growing, and the new models of the vehicles are growing faster, and these new models will need to be made visible through advertising. Moreover, vehicle marketing budgets are gradually moving towards new energy sources.
Cars are tilted, and new energy advertising is rising year by year. Thus, we believe that in the context of rising consumption and economic recovery, emerging industry advertisers are expected to increase the volume of advertising for the profit of the advertising market. 2.2 Echelons: balance of supply and demand are expected to bring about structural changes.
On the supply side: Trails are part of the advertising industry, the ladders are growing rapidly and the coverage is increasing, and are expected to bring about structural changes. The ladders are growing faster in all channels than in television, magazines, radio, traditional outdoors, etc.
On the supply side, an increase in the number of elevators and an increase in the number of elevators has been driven by an increase in the rate of urbanization in the country. The National Statistical Office and the Institute of Social Studies predict that, in 2022, the permanent population of China’s towns and cities had reached 921 million, and that the infrastructure of commercial housing, writing buildings, commercial buildings, transportation and so forth had been improved, further increasing the number of elevators.
Elevator media provide more room for outreach. On average, two elevator media devices are attached to each elevator. With the increase in the number of elevators, ladder coverage will continue to increase, and the value of ladders to cover more urban mainstream populations will continue to grow.
Demand side: In a context where Internet traffic dividends have peaked and have been regulated in recent years, advertisers tend to opt for a “probative synergy” approach. This has been influenced by regulatory policies such as information protection laws, the ban on “big data cutting.”
Impact advertising, online traditional brand advertising, continues to shift to a “goods-and-effects” strategy. Brand advertising is often based on a broad concept of brand approval. Brand advertising attracts users to purchase by creating a good brand image, thereby increasing sales and consolidating the slogans.
As a result, advertisers have gradually adapted their placement strategies to “activities in synergy” to meet the different needs of advertisers to enhance the effectiveness of advertising. As the best carrier for brand advertising, advertisers have gradually expanded their advertising in the “products in synergy” strategy.
The escalator is a passive medium with the characteristics of necessity, mainstream population, frequency, low-dry disturbance, which naturally coincides with brand advertising. The reason is: 1) the escalator is a closed space, cellular signals are weak and advertising is visible, and it is better suited to convey branding concepts to users, thereby increasing advertising conversion rates. 2) The elevator is a mandatory location and high.
In addition, advertisers have gradually moved to a “goods-to-effects” placement strategy, increasing brand advertising from 20% of the advertising budget before 2019 to 30-40% today. As more advertisers choose the “products.”
Co-opting strategy, which will also fully benefit from brand advertising dividends and contribute to the structural growth of stable returns. 3. Corporate operations: domestic volumes rise, overseas operations open up incremental space, 3.1 corporate leaders are strong, and bilateral networks have the advantage of creating moats.
In 2003, Jiang Namchun created a business model for the media in the community, which is represented by the ladder, and has since expanded to become a domestic leader. As the company’s business model runs, it continues to join competitors, such as the new tide media, the city’s vertical media, the Chinese-language media, etc.
As companies continue to expand their positions over the years and seize high-quality location resources, their number of points and coverage of the city's 10,000, with a total of 1.547,000 self-painting poster media equipment, significantly higher than that of other competitors.
The company covers 302 cities in the country, leading 105 cities and 245 cities across the country’s new wave media. Upstream and downstream, the company has strong bargaining power in midstream. 1) Upstream: the industry is a developer, a property company, etc.
Industry companies have a large and low concentration. The current concentration of Top 100 in the property management industry is decreasing, with Top10 at 10%, with the first municipality at only around 2%. As a result, single property companies have weak bargaining power and companies have stronger bargaining power over property companies. 2) Downstream: firstly, downstream advertising is more decentralized, with consumer goods, the Internet, etc.
The position of the company’s bilateral network is further enhanced and consolidated. The bilateral network’s advantages are a vast network of locational resources and a large network of guests.
Building the Wall, the company continues to expand its position through pre-existing advantages and sufficient cash flows, and signs a large network of points with dispersed property management companies. Thus, the company’s locational resources and core resources can effectively reach more than 310 million China’s mainstream competitors, thereby further achieving locational advantage.
A decentralized network of low-priced customers, which creates an advantage in size coverage, increases prices to downstream customers. While downstream customers usually cover industries as well as individual subcategories, these customers need to use the company’s size advantages to advertise their brand image.
The Internet advantage is to ensure that they continue to enjoy more advertising, to open up the gap with competitors in the industry, to consolidate 70% of the high market, and to maintain a leading role in the film industry, with the highest number of cinemas in the industry, and to maintain high-market power. From screen resources, it is widely distributed, and as of July 2023, it has signed up to 1827 cinema media, with over 13,000 screens in China.
From 2017 onward, the city’s share was around 55%, while the second largest city, Jing-moo, accounted for 26%, representing only about half of the total. The company’s media had been working for many years, with many high-quality companies working together to achieve multi-linkages and consolidate the status of industrial champions.
In 2005, the public saw the consolidation of the country's high-end cinema resources through the uniform purchase of all its pre-screening slots, forming the national high-end cinema advertising network, the "Scene Band". In 2020, it signed an exclusive agreement with the Chinese film project and the Bonne film industry. In the area of pre-screening advertising, since 2021, it has represented the pre-screen advertising industry under the banner of two well-known companies.
In the area of advertising, it is seen as a combination of cinema-based media operators authorized by the agents of the two major importing companies, China Shadow and Huaxia, to advertise the films. Thus, the company media partners with a number of central cinemas, films, film distributions, etc.
Source and enable production, distribution, publicity, purchase of tickets, and screening of multiple links to ensure a strong leadership. 3.2 dots: sustained domestic optimization, active overseas expansion of company core position resources, annual growth of smart screen expansion. 1) Elevator television media: corporate landscape
Some 892 thousand self-employed elevator television media facilities, 8.8% more than at the end of 2022, cover the country’s 80 major cities. The company’s own elevator television outlets are concentrated in the first and second-line cities, covering the majority of the city’s population.
2) Elevator poster media equipment: As of 2023h1, the total number of company elevator poster media equipment was approximately 1,878,000, an increase of 4.9 per cent compared with the rate at the end of 2022, of which about 1547,000 were self-employed, of which about 1,541,000 were self-owned, mainly elevator television media.
By 2022, six countries in South-East Asia had a total population of 670 million yuan, with a high population density and a high population density suitable for the development of the ladder business, as they were able to cover more major players.
From 2017, the company formally entered the overseas market. First, the target was set on the Korean market, investing in the Korea Holdings subsidiary, and the company expanded its operations to 15 major cities in Korea, including Seoul and Busan, with 20,000 TV elevators and 45,000 terminal sales media. Then, in 2018, it went to Hong Kong, Indonesia, and Singapore, with elevator television media.
Twenty-three thousand (Hong Kong media spots include domestic data). In 2019, the Thai market was followed by the transformation of Niagara Pool into a holding subsidiary in 2020. In 2022, Japanese operations were established and the Japanese market was officially launched. Companies were profitable in countries such as Singapore, South Korea, and Indonesia. In 2023h1, Indonesian/Singapore subsidiaries were established.
With the escalator model profiting overseas, companies can replicate successful overseas experiences for more profit opportunities. There is still room for growth in overseas market revenues, which will facilitate the company’s continued expansion of overseas positions.
Over the first half of the year, income and location have improved as the epidemic improved. The number of elevators for companies outside the country reached 120,000, an increase of 6.2 per cent over the previous year.
Sixty thousand, a 50% increase over last year, and covering more than 70 major cities in Korea, Singapore, and Indonesia. As the overseas economy improves, income from overseas operations is expected to continue to grow, contributing to the continued expansion of overseas locations.
The increase in the number of advertisements is key to a steady increase in the number of listings, and there is room for price increases. Prices are usually influenced by the number of listings, and there is a positive correlation between the number of listings and the number of advertisements.
The number of customers is expected to grow in the context of fast-paced consumption. As consumption recovers, demand changed rapidly in the z era, consumer goods are upgraded more frequently, and excavations in the sub-groups are growing further.
The company optimizes its customer structure, focuses on consumer advertising, 2023h1 spends daily goods up to 60.54% of 23h1 from 55.19% at the end of the 22nd year, and reduces the share of Internet advertisers and raises the share of traffic, leisure and entertainment advertising. Therefore, the company is expected to continue to outperform the rapidly changing consumption context.
In recent years, company upgrading services have opened up the lbs smart screen to agents in September 20, and brands have been upgraded to "points" in September 21
Directly cast, with low input thresholds, lbs precision selection, locking in target business circles and buildings, smart screen system delivery, post-drop traffic monitoring, etc. The functionality update helps brands target people and achieve precision marketing. More recently, a marketing large vertical model has been developed in collaboration with the Open Source Industries Beijing IQ. The model is based on 10,000 selected ads.
On the one hand, the i-model helps to improve the ability of large and medium-sized advertisers, helps branders to catch target groups more efficiently and accurately, and maximizes their use in advertising, creative production, etc., while on the other hand, the i-language model helps small and medium-sized enterprises.
As services become more capable, more large and new advertisers and other small and medium-sized advertisers will be attracted to a larger number of customers. Companies start branding cases, advertising players in various industries compete more.
The market share and the number of users have been rising since the cardholders worked with the company. Of these, the search index rose several times as fast as the then competitor, after the launch of the company in February 2019. After the search index had been raised, the price added continued to be invested in the company, with the company elevator terminals in 106 cities throughout the country in the first half of 1919.
After that, close cooperation with the company was maintained and more intensive than other competitors. In the end, business income rose from 1,744 million in 19 to 30.9% in 2021, turning back into a domestic cheese market.
With the successful activation of brands, the increased recognition of brand advertising by industry advertisers has led to an increase in demand for advertising by advertisers, which has led to increased competition among industry advertisers for high-quality spot posts. The increase in publishing rates has led to a steady increase in the prices of company publications, and a return to corporate single-screening is expected.
In the context of rising demand, industry advertisers’ competition for high-quality posts has increased further. The increase in publishing rates is expected to lead to a sustained increase in the price of publications. On the price side, companies have indicated that the single screen collection for the new client division on 1 July 2023 was determined by the number of advertisements multiplied by the price of the ad, and as the rate of postings has increased in tandem with the price of the magazine, the single screen camp has been set up.
The i model is entering the internal measurement phase, and the company is expected to contribute to price elasticity with reduced efficiency. The i model’s advertising, photo design, delivery strategy, etc., has reduced human resources. The i model has addressed artificial creativity.
The issue of the slowness of services is addressed by i-models, where sales and paperwork can be repaired on the basis of i-generated change to reduce time and human costs while improving efficiency and providing better service to advertisers. In addition, i-models are equipped with input strategies and photo generation, avoiding manual publishing and reducing the costs of manual peacekeeping design.
Improved efficiency gains at the corporate level, contributing more elastic space to the prices of corporate publications. 4. Profit forecasting and valuation 1) dot number: the firm consolidated its advantages in 2023 at the core of its continued expansion of second-line cities and expanded its intelligence
The impact of the economic recovery and the return of the building media to a normal pace of expansion of quality points. The number of points is expected to be 283/285/288,000. 2) Single-point income: the growth of demand for advertising leads to increased competition for advertising in the industry and a gradual increase in the rate of coverage.
The company increases the average annual rate of 5-10% per year, and the rates of listing and publishing are steadily increasing income elasticity. Therefore, 3) single-point costs: single-screen lease costs are relatively stable because companies usually contract long-term lease contracts with real-estate companies and continue to optimize location. Therefore, single-point costs are relatively stable. We project single-point costs for media outlets in buildings for 23-25 years at 0.15,
0.17, 0.190,000. 1) Number of screens: Media recovered robustly, but there was a delay in the media of the cinema compared to the ladder in 2023. As a result, the number of screens in the film industry is slowly recovering. As the effects of delayedness are further reduced, it is expected that in the second half of the 23rd year.
2) Single-screen income: As domestic consumption recovers further, the summer season has produced several Chinese film history records, and the video market will be revived. We expect a single-screen revenue of $577, 6.70, and $783,000 for 23-25 years. 3) Single-screen cost: In the context of the warming of the cinema market, some of the company ' s cinema media operations continue to enjoy 2022.
Rent discount benefits. Thus, the overall rental cost slowed down in 2023. But as the commercial model of the advertising industry is now relatively mature, the advertising industry is expected to continue to grow in the future against the backdrop of a combination of reheated demand in the advertising market and the main effects of advertising. So, using the pe valuation method, we have selected the blue cursor.
In our view, the company’s leadership is strong, and the company’s penetration of the top-point resources in the industry and the top-line urban hub has the advantage of promoting the stability of its clients’ resources on a scale-by-scale basis. In terms of number of points, the company’s internal location continues to be optimized, with high-quality resources in the first and second-line cities, and income gains from the continued expansion of its overseas location.
In the context of a concerted investment strategy that benefits from co-benefits, a rapid shift in consumption, a steady increase in advertising demand has led to a steady increase in advertising rates, and the competition of industry advertisers for high-quality spots has further increased the elasticity of publishing prices. We believe that 1) The risk of a slowdown in economic growth: does not preclude a slowdown in macroeconomic growth, which has led to a reduction in advertising placements by advertisers.
2) The risk of increased competition in the industry: does not exclude the re-emergent pattern of competition in the ladder industry, and the wind of declining corporate presence 3) the risk of firms expanding abroad less than expected: does not exclude the risk of firms being subject to external factors such as law and market competition abroad, and the risk of overseas location expansion being slower than expected.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts as they are. The contents and observations in the report are only for reference purposes and do not constitute a reference to the statements in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.