A new round of aigc on the 16th of August, 2023, will be an opportunity for industry in the midst of the tide.
Jang Jiaqi, key word: #second curve # second curve # second curve # second curve # second curve # # second curve # # second curve # # # second curve # # # second curve # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # #
The highly leveraged business model is expected to be more resilient at the profit end: as the Internet’s traffic dividend is tied, the traffic is at the top of the list, and the output ratio of inputs is reduced by the incremental cost of getting customers, so advertising, budget migration to higher-value brand advertising, is becoming a consensus among advertisers.
Brand advertising has its main position of placement, long-term roots in consumer mind, based on the advantage of user necessity and low interference. It has created the country’s largest network of media outlets in urban life, with a central point penetration. As consumption returns, policies have been introduced to stimulate the economy.
Recovering, the business-leveraging model is expected to continue to be flexible at the profit-side, in a procyclical sense. Under the new aigc industry cycle, the crowds will benefit fully from increased advertising input as a flow-seeker competes with the industry: “Internet +” and 20 - 18 years of retrace history.
The 21-year multi-cycle industry cycle of “New Consumption + Education + Internet” has seen a rapid increase in revenue during the industry week. In the new aigc-led industry cycle, both end-b and end-c will produce new pro-ai-empowerment products, which will accelerate competition as industries and products shuffle.
Rhythm, which enhances brand value by increasing advertising budgets. For example, the smart hardware track, which is dominated by “ai+education”, will generate significant income gains for the crowds, and, with a continuous industry cycle, the co-benefits of the new ai products of the industries will contribute a new round of performance gains.
i marketing vertical models are in the interior phase, addressing the creative dilemmas of SME content, one-stop service opening the second growth curve: a vertical marketing model in the interior, which will enrich advertising, text drawings, graphics, placement strategy development, optimisation, data analysis, etc.
A combination of a variety of capabilities, through high-quality content creativity, is a platform-activated capability. Divisional Media (002027): 2023q2
In performance, a steady expansion in the number of points, the supply side has been able to serve small and medium-sized enterprises, while a one-stop advertising service for the ai product will solve the problem of small and medium-sized enterprises with more expensive customers than ever before.
Business is unable to cope with the dilemma of distributing services due to the pains of production costs, production cycles, etc., by strengthening the demand for escalators to truly achieve the growth path from 5000+ to 50,000+ clients and opening up income growth.
Performance forecast ratings: strong second-quarter performance, elasticity, medium- and long-term attention to the aigc industrial cycle releasing company performance and the demand for small and medium-sized clients with the use of the ai product. The current recovery in corporate performance is expected to benefit from the short-term
And the medium- and long-term drivers are being evaluated, so we value the company 30 times as much in 2024, and we're advertising the effect of brand ads vs: flow tops and reverse of brand ads. 1.1. Building media growth trends remain constant, and effects and brand advertising complement each other.
In terms of the breakdown of the media, the traditional medium is very small, and the growth of the building media is constant. Ctr data shows that even in 2020 and 2021, when the impact of the epidemic was severe, advertising costs for elevators, elevator posters, cinema videos continued to rise at the same rate. In 2022, affected by the recurrence of the epidemic, advertisers became more cautious, including buildings.
The growth of online advertising, including in the media, slowed down, but with macroeconomic warming in 2023, the growth of elevators, lcds, elevator posters and cinema videos recovered markedly, with the same ratio of +21.7 per cent/+18.3 per cent/+74 per cent, respectively, with regard to the continued strong growth trend in the building media, we can draw on the respective features of brand and effect advertisements.
Brand advertising is about creating a customer’s long-term awareness, and the main message is about the reason for choosing a brand, and it is about creating a brand image and reaching out to the consumer’s mind, so choosing more media that can be accessed by force, such as television, elevators, cinemas, etc., that require a lot of financial input and sustained advertising exposure to make the consumer remember.
They are far away from consumers’ eventual purchasing behaviour, and their process controls are extremely complex and generally difficult to measure. The result is mostly in Internet media, dominated by information that stimulates rapid consumer decision-making, with the aim of directly enabling users to click or buy, making it difficult for consumers to gain insight into brand names.
Consumers experience about five psychological stages, from exposure to marketing information to purchasing behaviour: attention, interest, desire, memory, purchase.
It works, and the content of the effect ads often contains the information that guides the purchase, with a greater focus on the last link of the service - Figure 2: The stage that consumers experience from exposure to marketing information to the occurrence of purchasing behaviour Brand advertising and effects advertising are both necessary for business development, which are mutually reinforcing.
Brand-aware products, even if they buy traffic advertising, are not more effective than branded products. As the head of the media, Jiang Namchun, said, “A quick rise through traffic is often rapid, and they are rapidly dying. No brand advertising is built up, no branding recognition and trust is entrenched, and sales are not sustainable.”
Sex, once a product stops advertising for effects, its sales can decline significantly. And brands are cumulative. Once a strong brand is built into the consumer's mind, goods have a stronger continuity.
The choice in Jean’s case should not be a substitute for each other. 1.2. The incremental cost of receiving visitors at the top of the flow would reduce the output of the output of the output of the output ad, which, in terms of the strategy of allocating the budget of the advertising owner, is the choice of the nature of the output of the effect ad or of the brand.
The purpose of advertising is to create conditions for reflection and cognitive stereotypes, and the advertisers are actually paying for every opportunity to reach consumers, and the advertisers tend to give priority to allocating the largest budget to the medium with the largest target audience. The minimum cost, and the largest target audience, is the ratio of inputs to output.
In recent years, the dividends of Internet traffic have disappeared. According to questmobile data, 2023q2 mobile Internet users in China reached 1,213 million, or 1.93 per cent more than in the previous year. User penetration and user time have risen to the highest level.
Figure 3: The size and speed of mobile Internet users in China between 2020 and 2023 peaked in Internet traffic, and continued competition led to a drop in the impact advertising roi. Because of the short period of effect advertising, advertisers can only access user traffic through continuous advertising competitions. But the traffic peaked on the Internet.
In this context, the increase in the number of advertisers who compete for precision among the target population will lead to higher flow prices and lower turnover of fluids. Even if algorithm optimization increases the accuracy of the target audience, the advertisers will have to spend more and more to continue to reach the target population, and the roi that ultimately results in advertising is bound to continue to decline.
Too much reliance on effect advertising also puts advertisers in the trap of “information cocoon” and non-promotion. First, Philip Kotler, the “father” of sales, says, “The brand must impress five groups of people: buyers, policymakers, influencers, physical examiners, distributors.” Brands must affect buyers as well as the rest of the population behind them.
Second, Internet platforms often require vendors to discount low prices, but in the long run, they cause consumers to think that the product is worth the price, causing them to stay non-promotion, even when competition increases.
There's a situation of promotion and non-selling. 1.3. Brand advertising has a leverage effect, building media has become an increasingly important placement position, compared to effect advertising, brand advertising has a leverage effect and is not a one-time “buying” stimulus.
Brand image, long rooted in the consumer's mind. “It's the higher algorithm that makes the brand fit in the consumer's mind.” As China's demographic dividend fades away, competition moves from production to channel to mind. For advertisers, the market grab must be engraved in the consumer.
The mind, once it takes root in the consumer's mind, the cost of marketing can show leverage, leveraging a growing number of commodities, with about 37 times as much as the final gold in advertising as in Chinese brands. According to a report from the world's influential market research company, Kaido, 10 billion won in revenue.
Seventy percent of the consumer goods company's revenue comes from brand names, while only 30 percent comes from sales promotions and traffic. The head of the media, Jiang Namchun, says, “At the time the brand advertising and the flow advertising ratio of 7:3 is really mature, it's the final gold ratio for advertising.” If the offline advertising is counted as brand advertising, it's connected.
Net advertising is counted as an effect ad, questmobile data show that brand advertising accounted for about 36 per cent in 2021, compared with a 70 per cent rating for gold in comparison to brand advertising, and that the Chinese brand advertising market has a huge potential to grow up after the stage of brand development.
Building media are increasingly playing an important role in many of the mediums used to advertise brands. Millward Brown statistics show that building media are able to re-advertise in frequent consumer life scenes such as apartment buildings, writing buildings, etc., thereby increasing consumer awareness of brands. Building media coverage is essential to the audience.
As long as work and life remain the same, the media will not lose the audience’s base, and thus will not lose the media’s advertising value. This is the city’s moat compared to other media.
Divisional media are the top-quality receivers of top-down brand advertising, as well as the best-performing interfaces. As of 20231, the company owns the elevator television media.
Some 8.33 million units, approximately 15.25 million self-contained elevator poster media and 12,000 cinemas covered by the cooperative cinemas. Data from the public broadcaster show that in 2021, 82 per cent and 69 per cent of the second-line media were connected to commercial buildings, while 75 per cent and 74 per cent of the apartment buildings were covered by video, building framework and pre-screening advertising, respectively.
High population coverage has led to a rising share of front-line advertising in the public media, which accounted for 3.76% of the total off-line advertising market in 2021. The public will benefit from the end of the Internet’s traffic dividend.
The group's exclusive collaboration with Alibaba helped to highlight the value of the synergies, mainly through the rapid distribution of cloud power in Aliun, the quantitative assessment of the impact of the worldwide marketing performance of Skycat Data Bank, which achieved “online distribution, data flow, impact assessment, precision”, brand advertising.
In 2019, the public announced, together with Alibaba, the promotion of the “u people’s plan.” The advertisers, after public advertising, went back to Skycat Data Bank, where brands were able to re-run, not only from the point of view of the backlink data, but also from the point of view.
The u Plan can help advertisers to raise the number of hits and the overall roi of the effect ads when they go after the second round of bounties.
In addition, the group and Goose have created the SkyInsinuation system. The system can select the highest-level substitution for precision in thousands of floors, depending on the client's audience label in the Skycat Data Bank.
2.1. The overall advertising market, which reflects macroeconomic changes and social consumption needs in a timely manner, has been wide in recent years as the domestic economy recovers as it recovers.
Market spending has changed in tandem with the growth of gdp, total retail sales of social consumer goods: with the increase in e-information rates in firms, the efficiency of decision-making has improved significantly, and advertising lags have been optimized. The current growth rate of social zero growth, gdp, and the overall increase in advertising costs, are strongly correlated.
An analysis of historical data on the media shows that corporate revenue has changed in tandem with the gdp’s growth rate since 2019. The revenue from the media has slowed since 2019, and the correlation has become even more apparent since the outbreak of 2020.
And corporate incomes are more flexible than macroeconomics, largely determined by the nature of brand advertising, which is easy to cut off when the economy is depressed, and which increases rapidly when the economy improves. Once the economy warms, the crowds are expected to recover, affecting their willingness to advertise by affecting the income of the advertisers in the public media, and eventually, to counter it.
In addition, positive economic policies convey to investors expectations of a good domestic economy, and after the April 28 meeting of the Political Bureau, the emphasis will be on boosting the private economy, increasing science, technology and innovation, and stabilizing the consumption of new energy vehicles as the three main policy lines needed for expansion in the second quarter and the second half of the year. This positive market signal will also boost stock prices.
The strong correlation between split shares and zero is related to the continued optimization of the company’s customer structure, and consumer-type customers are expected to contribute continuously to the increase in income. In 2022, the share change in consumer advertising in the public media was gradually raised from less than 25% of the average consumer-related gross domestic product (PCC) annual income, which is highly correlated with the zero rate of growth in the society during the month.
The top five categories of products together account for about 90% of the estimated fast-out products. Internet customers account for about 12% of the income, most of which are consumer-based enterprises, home-based households tend to be retailed, and automobiles and transport customers tend to be retailed in cars, especially new energy vehicles.
The political bureau meeting in July is expected to increase confidence in consumer advertising. The political bureau meeting in July is expected to focus on macroeconomic policy in the second half of the year, which is aimed at actively expanding domestic demand, playing a fundamental role in boosting economic growth through increased consumption.
The mass media are expected to benefit from the recovery of consumer demand, and the confidence of advertisers in advertising is expected to be 2.2. The business model of high-performing leverage is expected to be flexible at the profit end.
And, in many pro-cyclical cases, the decentralized media are able to release more profit and growth space with a highly leveraged business model. The cost of setting up a screen, whether in the building media or in the cinema media, is fixed, and then for several years there will be no change in the input costs of maintaining the screen. That means that there will be no change in the cost of maintaining the screen for several years.
With one more commercial on the screen generating revenue, almost all of which contributes to pure Maori, the marginal cost of advertising revenue is zero, and the higher the number of advertisements (the higher the printout rate), the higher the profit margin. The more competitive it is, the slower the growth strategy, the lower operating costs, the lower the profit/loss balance, the more the profit elasticity.
The epidemic led to an improvement in the pattern of competition, which led competitors to realize that they were still unable to become the main media, to change their strategy to expand dramatically, and to stop being aggressive. And after the epidemic, the industry realized that the stability of spot rents was more important than short-term rents, and the combination led to a decline in the cost of building media rents and competition patterns.
Since 2020, the company’s operating costs have declined significantly, lowering the profit/loss balance point and thus increasing profit elasticity.
3.1. A renewed demand space for industry under the big trend of aaigc, offering opportunities from historical industry cycle outlook revenue aigc, is expected to open up demand space to restart competition. Aaigc applications drive the digital wave to further develop, whether it is an Internet plant, a large model start-up or benefit from technological upgrading.
As the demand space opens up, it is expected that industries will accelerate competition, and greater marketing input is the most visible way to compete. Recapitulate historical industrial opportunities, we find that each round of industry’s up-to-date cycle is followed by competition.
In the light of history, this paper validates the spatial logic of aigc’s rising income growth in the two rounds of industry week after the company’s listing in 2015. The network has experienced rapid growth and change, with mobile Internet software and hardware spreading to a group of people with “products plus technology plus track.”
The Internet has taken advantage of its segmented areas, including Internet finance, short videos, taxis, take-out, and social power providers. Each segment has its own branding influence, mainly by gaining access to the number of users on the run, and by investing heavily in advertising.
Figure 19: Trends in marketing inputs in the Internet industry, 2015-2019
The trend in sales costs (marketing costs + manpower costs) is broadly consistent, so sales costs can be measured by the same ratio as sales costs over the 16-18 years of Internet enterprises. We choose here to measure the overall trend by using the combined sales costs of the large Internet companies as compared to the changes in advertising in the Internet industry.
Costs measure by the same scale that we found that the Internet as a whole went up fast in 16-18 years, and that in 19 it fell off the cliff, from 64% to 23%. Apart from online advertising in the Internet industry, we believe that this trend is consistent with changes in the income of the public Internet customers.
After 19 years, with the explosion of p2p and the peak of Internet traffic, the slowing pace of the Internet industry slowed the pace of the growth of marketing inputs, and the revenues of Internet customers dropped to 2,491 million yuan in the same year, a 13.6 per cent decline in the same year, eventually accompanied by the deterioration of the cost structure associated with the continuing “Elevator War” with competitors, with the end of the opportunity of a single industrial cycle.
ii) Industry opportunities from 2020-2021, mainly from the multi-wheel drive of “New Consumption + Internet + Education.” First, the outbreak’s disturbance slowed the flow to a low level, led to the re-emergence of the Internet industry, with a large number of offline activities moving up the line, and led to the development of multi-disaggregated Internet channels, such as community power providers and online education.
Sexual heat, as can be seen from the trend in marketing, which has been on the rise in 20 years, with a 70 per cent increase in marketing over the same period, has also contributed to the rise in revenue from the Internet sector, which has grown to 3.336 billion yuan over the past 20 years, up from 33.9 per cent in comparison with 33.9 per cent in 21 years; and to a record high of 4,227 billion yuan in the Internet sector.
The new consumer heat that triggered the consumption cycle in 20-21 is another booster. Changes in the consumer sector, the new producer model, and the new channels have led to huge structural opportunities for the consumer industry, with a new market consumption of billions of dollars in 20-21.
Brands have taken the lead in marketing. New consumer booms have led to consumer consumption becoming the number one customer in a row, and high-quality post-brand marketing data have further boosted the rise in the proportion of consumers in a row, generating revenue of 44.98 million yuan and $6331 million in 20-21, or 37.18% and 42.67%.
The brand, which had a cow, landed in the mass media in September 21 and covered a large majority of people in more than eight one- or two-line cities, deeply implanted the brand concept in the consumer mind, and ended up selling 100 million in two-to-one-year-events in 21 years, with the Conqueror's 11-milk flagship being the first to sell.
Policy regulation has gone down with the spread of the epidemic. The Internet sector has been severely affected by the 21 years of joint executive guidance meetings between the Directorate-General of Market Supervision and the Department of Commerce, the promulgation of a policy of double reduction by the State Council, and the Internet Antimonopoly Act, which has led to the suspension of the growth of the industry, which has led to interconnectivity.
As the new consumer track cools in the second half of the year, markets become more rational, affecting the willingness of new consumer brands to invest. It can be seen that changes in education and Internet marketing have fallen by 32% and 2% in 22 years, while spending more and more on the Internet has fallen by 17.8% and 73.8% over 22 years.
Figure 23: Amount and number of new consumer track financing, 2020-2022
Figure 25: Trends in marketing inputs in the education sector 2019-2022 Trends in marketing inputs in the Internet industry 2019-2022 Trailing performance remains strongly related to the industrial cycle and is one of the main mediums of placement.
In the intervening period, when technology and consumption cycles overlap, we find that the advertising costs of the ladder as a whole have increased dramatically over the same period. 20 advertising costs have exceeded 100 per cent for the Internet, drink in consumption, household goods, etc., over the same year, as well as for 21 years, with drinks, cosmetics/baskets, alcohol and alcohol products, which have been further consolidated, still at a rate of more than 100 per cent.
The current cycle, with both a short-term surge in the Internet and a robust and diverse consumer day-to-day stabilization base of 3.2.aigc, is expected to open up the technological cycle under aigc, which will be both a water carrier for the industry and a pioneer for the industry, once again.
A new round of industry and product shuffling. We believe that the aigc sub-product end will create a new product path, and that the aigc can be applied to various industries to make the product more diverse. A new round of more intense industry competition is expected to be re-opened, opening up revenue access.
For example, it places consumer products such as gas forest, fine blues, crane milk, etc. in community settings, and places business micro-credits, nails, troupe conferences, etc., in priority for helper brands and users in the elevators in the writing building.
In the aigc era, everything can be intelligent, and new ai products, whether at the b- or the c-end, will be market-oriented, opening up a new round of market competition, branding, and taking over the market. The new ai technology cycle will change the old advertising budgets of many industries, with new opportunities for industrial cycles.
“ai+education” is pre-emptive, and a significant increase in advertising for a related product has begun to contribute to its performance. For example, the learning machine, which is a representative product in its ultimate form, has emerged from the impact of the “double-down” policy and the new crown epidemic on the education industry.
For example, ape tutoring was once the largest client in the field of education, and since the launch of a small ape practicer under the current flag, we have been deployed to the public.
It is expected that the follow-up of the ape tutor ' s i education product will generate a significant increase in income for the public. (2) In addition, the science-based ai machine, which was launched in 2022, increased its advertising budget, concentrated its firepower on the media, seized the two key time nodes of the summer and the start of the school season, detonated brands, helped to boost sales and kept brands growing.
In the first half of the year, the Xueng Hao increased its sales by over 170%, the same amount of sales by 100%, and won a number of electric platform champions in 618 cases. With the release in February 23 of t20pro of the Big Star Model, t20pro continued to boost sales of marketing inputs, rising in June 23rd year.
Between 1 and 8 days, the flyer 'i 's series of learning machines increased by 214% on a year-on-year basis. The competition in the 'i ' industrial cycle has continued, and the co-benefits of the new 'i ' products from various industries will contribute a new round of performance gains for the public.
In a new product like this, there is a need for substantial marketing input to capture users' minds and to create brands through extension. The audience of the i-learning machine is students, so the best advertising is concentrated on the elevators and schools in the community building.
Upgraded new products will replace old ones that lack intelligence, brands will re-enter the competition pool for shuffling, industries' smart products will increase their marketing input, branders will win the lead, and the crowd is expected to absorb this part of the marketing input (which is expected to absorb most of the offline marketing input) and will be expected to generate their own new revenue in the future.
4.ai marketing vertical models enter internal measurements, address the creative pains of SME content, one-stop advertising services open the second growth curve, 4.1.ai industry pioneers, marketing vertical models enter internal measurements, and functions will continue to overlap.
By becoming a pioneer in the ai industry, they have started to monitor vertical models for marketing, using high-quality content creation as a platform for cataclysm empowerment. The company works with the brain spectrum to train the 300 books recommended by the country’s most authoritative advertising experts by using its open source large model base of 30 billion parameters, fine-tuning them into a stand-alone approach.
The intellectual training and professional manual tagging feedback (from the client’s crown and loyal client feedback) (over 100 billion ads and over 10,000 ads) enrich their combined ability to create advertising, text, graphics, input ideas, design, optimisation, data analysis, etc., in a variety of ways. Eventually, clients lose in the format required by the split.
Pre-information, precision content creation, and a standardized rating of content creation. The model is then repeated through targeted updated training data, which will enable the group to create its own platform value through the mass-quality content generated by the model.
The company’s advertising language has significant advantages within the industry, allowing vertical models to fit naturally into a generalized landscape, creating the potential for advertising in various industries. The historical data of sedimentation has three advantages in its own right: 1) quality advertising.
This kind of thinking training will help vertical models design content from a client and sales perspective. 2) Within companies, there is a well-developed advertising evaluation system with high-quality sedimentation advertising data sets. 3) Corporate advertising data is sustainable.
Eventually, through the best-quality data training in the industry, the result must be a growing match to the public client landscape and a broader capacity to support more types of advertisers. 4.2. Embrace the one, addressing the content pains of small and medium-sized enterprises, and one-stop advertising services officially entering supply and demand.
Automated high-quality content generation will further expand SME client channels to match demand with demand, and automate one-stop capacity to locate SMEs accurately and find vacancies. At the supply end, the group has in the past introduced a direct input program to provide clients with self-help investment capabilities, while at the same time completing it through its own libs self-distribution system.
The crowd will continue its aggressive expansion strategy, building on the existing 500,000 smart screens, and continue to create tools that are conducive to small and medium-sized clients. We believe that the smaller the small and medium-sized enterprises with limited budgets, the greater the need for well-positioned investments; and through limited access.
Focus on people, focus on regions, focus channels to enhance their own brand's cognitive advantage, and to empower businesses without major dissemination, demand-side, segmentation, which in the past was constrained by the limited capacity of high-quality creative production to create creatively for all clients, has made it impossible to keep up with clients' needs. The pain of SMEs is that they lack mature marketing systems and creative capabilities.
In the face of the widespread marketing difficulties of SMEs, the vertical marketing model of the crowd will undoubtedly address the current dilemma for SMEs. And, in addition to their active deployment of vertical models, the crowds have joined up with stickers and access to the Api gateway.
There are three main functions: (i) a case of direct investment in ai technology, which enables the generation, imitation, etc., of advertising, and helps entrepreneurs to generate advertising that is more in line with the logic of consumer memory and interest.
(ii) A picture of the soul. (ii) A direct investment in a combination of high-quality creative content technology service providers — Band-Aids, co-directional visual design through ai-entitlement, rapid mapping through command intelligence, meeting the need for visual materials from different scenes, making the plane plain
Content creation is much easier and marketing efficiency is much more efficient. (3)ai video: direct input into the future through an enabling video creative production that automatically produces a standard video with a text and instructions that solves the problems of entrepreneurs in a high-quality and efficient way.
The group is a leader in the one-stop advertising service that combines its advantages, from creative creation to consumer contact, to alleviate the three major dilemmas of SMEs’ marketing creativity, high production costs, and long production cycles.
The generation of smart content brings the marginal cost of services closer to zero, which for SMEs is neither costly to walk in, nor can they attach mature marketing programs to a high transformation scenario. This will further strengthen their services.
Capability, through the training of i-intellectual references, etc., to match clients in different settings, more efficiently generate material for target audiences, and provide equal breadth and depth of service to advertisers of different sizes. We think that if one can create a case of a bomb in a small and medium-sized enterprise, it will be possible to access it.
Large amounts of small- and medium-sized customer resources have become a source of local services for small and medium-sized businesses, creating a second-growth curve for income gains. Because of the cogent nature of the landscape, former clients have concentrated their own brand awareness among the majority of brand users, and aigc applications are merely a reduction in efficiency for such customers; and there is a lack of access to those that have not yet been excavated.
For SMEs with effective marketing capabilities, aigc-enabling one-stop services can really achieve effective advertising at manageable cost, and as the flow costs of less efficient Internet access increase the client roi, the `efficient marketing tools plus high-quality placement scene' will make SMEs more willing to embrace and contribute to realism.
The growth path from 5,000+ to 50,000+ clients is expected to be achieved. At the same time, as the crowding pattern is proven to be viable in overseas markets, such a small and medium-sized client outreach model will be effective overseas.
The crowds are expected to benefit from brand advertising reverses, procyclical logic, and the aigc wave to gain income gains and valuations. We repeat the popular p-band changes that show that technology cycles overlap with consumption cycles often achieve David by crowds.
We see the flow at the top as a catalyst for the valuation of top-quality receivers of brand advertising and collusive connectors, and expect that the high-level business leverage model, in the logic of the cycle, will produce performance and valuation resonance. At the same time, they are both water couriers and pioneers of the ai industry, the aigc technology of this round.
Under the tide, the crowds will be double-beneficiaries and hopefully double Davis. 5. Profit predictions and investment proposals.
On the basis of this, we expect 2023 million cinema halls. In 2022, the business experienced a similar drop in revenue due to repeated epidemics.
For pure brand advertising, recovery is slower than macroeconomic recovery, and based on this, we expect that the 2023-2025 period will be a period of high-leveraging cinemas that will release profit-end elasticity, medium- and long-term attention to aigc industrial cycles that release company performance and the demand-side empowerment of small and medium-sized customers using ai products. The current recovery in corporate performance is expected to benefit from short- and medium- and long-term drivers.
Depending on the similarity of business models, we can double the blue cursor and syntax interconnectivity of the same ads for the one, significantly below comparable corporate values. We believe that the news media are expected to benefit from the flow of top brand advertising reverses, consumer recovery in the next cycle, and opportunities for the aigc industry, leading to a two-fold increase in performance valuations.
In 2023, the company’s performance was still in the process of recovery, with some impact on the valuation reference, and did not reflect the firm’s true level of profitability, so my economy was not recovering as expected. The domestic economy recovered less than expected, and the population’s consumption recovered less than expected to discourage advertising.
Vertical models do not overlap as expected. Aigc penetration rates fail to rise as expected, application scenarios are limited, potential market sizes are not released. Industry competition increases.
Three major financial forecasting tables in the public media The East Wu Securities Company Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.