Internal and external resonance, large-scale plc national production replacement space, Treasure News software (600845.sh) TIW leads the inspection of Treasure Letters, hoping that priority products will be fully replaced by national production, and that the “buy-in” rating will be maintained.
On the afternoon of 31 January 2024, the Director of the Information Technology Development Division, Wang Yingqing, of the Ministry of Trade and Communications, went on a mission to study the Bo-Sin software, and, after hearing the report of the Bo-Sin software, Director Wang Ying-Sing expressed a high degree of recognition for the achievements of the Bo-Sin software as a software enterprise that grew up from traditional manufacturing, and stressed the hope that it would continue to grow.
On the morning of 8 February 2024, the Chairman of the BMW Group attended the Institute for Digital Industries to see how he was able to express his condolences on the full implementation of the National Production of BMW in the field of industrial robotics and priority industrial software, with a view to promoting widely the national production of plc products from all over the country.
Asked the first line of executives, he stressed that the Digital Industries Institute, as a product testing centre for the production of plc by China’s BMW, played an important role in the BMW Group’s digital integration of the accelerator. The successful development of large-scale plc products by the Bosin State made the company the third country in the world after Siemens and Rockwell.
The first company in China, with large-scale plc hardware, rantime, and fully autonomous intellectual property rights for group software. Hu pointed out that it was to be hoped that the Institute of Digital Industries would be able to rely fully on China’s rich steel industry, and promote widely the production of plc products from all over the country, and how to implement plc products from all over the country.
• The country’s scarce, large-scale, national-produced plc enterprise, large-scale replacement space from 0-1, large-scale plc industrial software are vital in the field of industrial control, and our large plc market share has long been financed from foreign capital.
The main barriers to competition for large plcs are “core process algorithms + customer certification”. After almost 10 years of accumulation and sedimentation, the company formed over 200 core process algorithms, and in July 2021 it officially launched a large self-researching national product, the Large plc + robot +ai calculator.
plc, which opened the scene of the replacement of large plc national production, is now gradually entering large plc cities with a rate of 0 to 1 inches - company depth report 2024.1.25 litres of high-speed development, while using large plc to deepen the layout of automated products such as three power control systems for grabs.
“O3’s profit growth has accelerated, and the Māori rate has increased significantly, and it is expected to open up the growth ceiling. idc’s development is below expectations; and the restructuring of the BMW is below expectations.