The company's main operations include: transmission equipment operations, coal operations, new energy operations and others.
The company’s power transmission operations have the capacity to integrate “high voltage cable + attachment + construction” services. The company has built the base for research and development of transformer products in Liaoning, Hunan, Tianjin, Shandong, Sichuan, Xinjiang, etc., with a capacity of 270 million kva in 2023, the world’s third largest output.
The Division has developed the capacity of integrated services in the field of transmission, such as transformers, electrical resisters, switch valves, tubes, switches, secondary equipment, cable cables, etc., and has been tasked with the supply of the first set of national ultra-high voltage transmission pilot demonstration projects, as well as with a small number of integrated services in the country with “high pressure cable plus attachment plus construction”
The company’s coal resource endowment is excellent, rich in reserves, shallow in storage, low extraction ratios, and is one of the most favoured mining areas in the near-western coal fields of Xinjiang.
The coal production capacity is 74 million tonnes/year, of which the Southern open-air coal mine has an approved capacity of 40 million tonnes/year, the second mine has an approved capacity of 30 million tonnes/year, and the second mine has an approved capacity of 4 million tonnes/year.
In the case of the multi-crystal silicon business, the company produced 126,000 tons of silicon in 2022, with a global market share of about 13%. At the end of June 2023, the company’s pilot project of 200,000 tons of silicon in the east was almost complete.
By the end of 2023, production will have been achieved, adding up to 200,000 tons of production capacity in the former Xinjiang Gan springs and inner Mongolia, with a total multi-crystal silicon capacity of 300,000 tons per year.
The company was established in 1993 as a private company, and was the backbone of China’s major equipment manufacturing industry. The company landed on the market in 1997 and was the first listed company in China’s transformer industry.
A series of mergers and acquisitions were re-established, and in 2006 the world’s first 1,000 kv-high voltage exchange transformer and the country’s first 750kv electric resistance created the vanguard of the transmission sector. Currently, the company is focusing on the development and synergy of the three main industries of “transmission, new energy, new materials” - China’s weight.
The core technologies for the development, manufacture and export of the required transformers, wire cables, new materials for high-voltage electronic aluminum, solar system implementation and solar nuclear core control components, especially super-high-pressure and straight-flow transformers, have reached international levels.
As of 30 September 2023, Xinjiang Electric Industries Group Ltd., a controlling shareholder in the company, held 11.50% of the shares in the public division. Mr. Zhang is the actual controlling officer of the company, holding 64.12% of the total share, directly holding 40.08% of the shares in Xinjiang Electrics Group Ltd., and indirectly holding the Xinjiang Special Power Transfer through Tianjin.
Industry Group Limited, 24.04% equity. There are 37 companies holding shares and participating in them, of which the core is responsible for the company’s new energy business (1799.hk) and the Xinjiang Pool, respectively.
A total of 200 million stock options were granted at a price of $22.24 per cent, representing 5.47 per cent of the total stock of the Department for the day when the draft equity incentive was announced, and a portion of 0.31 per cent of the total stock of the company for the day when the draft equity incentive was announced.
New energy operations include multi-crystal silicon, new energy generation and new energy epc operations; 2) coal operations consist mainly of coal mining and marketing: 3) transmission operations include production and marketing of products such as transformers, cable cables, etc., and transmission of power packages epc operations; 4) other operations include thermal power generation, high-purity aluminium, electroal aluminum, etc.
R & D, production and marketing of electrodes and alloy products. Figure 4: Companies ' net profits and speed of increase (billions, per cent) by type of business: 2023h1 achieved operating income of 49.8 billion yuan, of which 1) was in the transmission of electrical equipment
Revenue from energy operations was 17.1 billion yuan, or 34 per cent; 4) revenue from other operations was $6.9 billion, or 14 per cent; prices for company-owned products of multiple crystalline silicon fell sharply; 2) changes in the structure of transformer products and fluctuations in the prices of raw materials; 3) transport costs within coal operations and the cost of fragmentation increased; and 4) renewable energy development by the State.
Electricity subsidy verification, where companies recognize revenue from power generation on the basis of prudential principles, based on cancelled or revised electricity prices. The high demand for installed machines in the photovoltaic industry has created a resonance in the demand for industrial chains, and as the environmental climate caused by global warming has become increasingly evident, “carbon neutral” has become widespread worldwide.
Attention is drawn to the fact that many countries and regions have proposed their own carbon neutrality and targets. The development of renewable energy sources is an important way to achieve the “carbon neutrality” goal, with photovoltaics being one of the most cost-effective renewables, one of the most widely applied source categories.
Global photovoltaic power accounted for 4.5% of total electricity supply in 2022, but, despite a significant increase of 0.8% in comparison, absolute levels remain low and there is much room for improvement in the future. Over the past decade, as technology has evolved, processes have advanced, and industrial chains have improved, the cost of photovoltaic power consumption has held.
The rapid decline in electricity generation costs has led to a gradual shift away from policy subsidies in countries around the world, and from domestic photovoltaic power to full parity from 2022 to 2022. At the policy level, carbon neutrals and targets.
Countries continue to promote a clean energy transition with their own decarbonization targets; at the market level, the current photovoltaic costs are competitive, and future industry mitigation efficiency will continue. Policy and market factors determine the broad market space and potential demand for photovoltaic industries.
As the cost of photovoltaic power continues to decline, and as countries around the world attach importance and impetus to energy conservation and carbon reduction, photovoltaic machines continue to grow. The world’s new installed machines are growing continuously, from 32gw in 2012 to about 230gw in 2022, and 10 years of cagr polysilicon: prices will enter the bottom zone, and industry will accelerate the process.
Polycrystal silicon is an important raw material for the manufacture of photovoltaic cells and is mainly pure from metal silicon (also known as “industrial silicon” or “coarse silicon”) with a purity of about 96-99%. The prevailing method of multicrystal silicon manufacturing is to improve the Westgate method, while some companies promote silicon-silium-based vulcanization bed law.
In 2022, global multi-crystal silicon production was 1 million tons, an increase of 56 per cent over the same period, of which electronic multi-crystal silicon production was about 39,000 tons, solar-grade massive silicon was about 900,000 tons, and particulate silicon was about 62,000 tons.
In 2023, according to the Silicon Branch, domestic production of polycrysilica reached 1.75 million tons, an increase of 81.4 per cent. By the end of 2023, the domestic total capacity of polycrysil silicon was 21.12 million tons, an increase of 83.3 per cent; it is projected to be 2024 new.
With an additional 1.610 million tons of crystalline silicon capacity and a domestic total of 3,713,000 tons of polycrystal silicon production capacity at the end of 2024, which is growing by comparison, it is in the chemical industry that the production equipment is relatively complex and the control requirements for the reaction environment are more stringent, so it usually takes 1.5-2 years to build a multicrystal silicon plant.
In the event of rapid changes in industry demand, there is a significant time lag in the adjustment of silicon production capacity. Silicon production in 2018, 2019 can be significantly larger than the downstream link and is in excess; silicon production capacity was somewhat scarce by the end of 2020; and silicon production capacity was significantly smaller than downstream production by the end of 2021, with a heightened stress.
In 2000-2008, with the rapid growth of the global photovoltaic industry, the price of polycrystal silicon rose from US$ 9/kg in 2000 to US$ 500/kg in 2008. Following the 2008 financial crisis, Europe’s countries removed the light.
Subsidy, multi-crystal silicon orders, and prices fell sharply. In 2009-2011, as the financial crisis eased, the demand for light-voltage machines triggered a gradual increase in the demand for multi-crysilica, but the lag in the adjustment of multi-crysilica capacity led to a price hike.
In 2014-2018, the country began to implement a much larger photovoltaic subsidy, a rapid rise in domestic photovoltaics, and a gradual rise in the price of polycrystal silicon. In 2018-2020, the US “Act 201” and our “531 policy” were imposed.
In July 2020, the price of multi-crystal silicon fell to the bottom of $60/kg. In 2021-2022, as the countries of the world moved into the photovoltaic phase and carbon neutralization and targets were proposed.
The price of silicon fell to the bottom as the year began to release new capacity. From a competitive pattern, the silicon chain was more concentrated, with industrial output cr5 rising from 58% in 2019 to the top 10 enterprises in 2022, with Chinese firms occupying seven seats, the first four being Tonway and Tonway.
Accompanied, large, new, and overseas enterprises have German wacks. The cost of silicon production in the country is now significant, and the core equipment for silicon production in the West is largely nationalized, and China’s market share in the silicon industry is expected to continue to rise as domestic silicon companies become more productive.
Looking ahead to the future silicon sector, where total short-term capacity has risen, silicon supply has moved from scarcity to easing. In June 2023, silicon prices entered the bottom zone, p-types prices have been stabilized at $60-80/kg, and silicon prices are expected to sustain the bottom shock in the context of a broad supply.
Electricity transmission sector: investment in main and distribution networks resonant, demand for off-grids increased 2017-2019 in order to address the problem of disinfection and upgrading of rural electricity grids after significant access to new sources of energy in the “12th Five” period, the annual investment in electricity grids exceeded that in the year.
The emergence of “large bases”, the sharp drop in the drop in the drop-out rate, the structural power shortages in the eastern region, the rapid growth of electricity investment, the strong cross-district mobility of electricity network investment, the severe impact of the epidemic on the start-up of construction, and the heavy lag in electricity network investment over electricity investment.
In 2022, the national investment in power projects was 6,791 million yuan, or +22.8 per cent, and in January-September 2023, the national investment in electricity grids, or +1.1 per cent, was 328.7 billion yuan, or +4 per cent, in January-September 2023.
In 2022 there were seven tenders for the ultra-high-pressure equipment category from the national electricity grid, with a winning price of only $3.438 billion, and all of them, with a winning value of $38.31 billion. The first tender was mainly for the Kawasuke and Yellowstone high-pressure exchange projects, the second tender was for the Tung-Tung-Tung Tung-Tung project, and the third tender was for the gold up-Kook north,
The Ningxia-Hunnant Voltage Project, the fifth tender, is mainly for the Hammy-Jongjingt Voltage Project, and according to the General Board of Electricity Regulations, the price limit for the 1,000 kv exchange single transformer project is 1.765 billion yuan, of which the equipment acquisition reference value is 1.29 billion yuan; and the price for the single switch station for the 800 kv direct current pressure project.
The limit is approximately $4,627 million, of which the equipment acquisition cost reference value is $3,426 million. The value of the equipment from the national grid history was compared to the analysis of the single tender project. The core equipment of the ultra-high voltage exchange project included 1,000 kv transformers (12 per cent), 1,000 kv combination appliances (25 per cent) and 1,000 kv electrical resisters (8 per cent).
The core equipment of the direct-flow engineering project consists of current transformers (47 per cent), flow valves (19 per cent), combined electrical appliances (5 per cent), and other critical equipment includes the straight-flow control protection system (2.4 per cent).
In January 2022, the National Energy Agency, in a letter on commissioning of the 14th Five-Year Plan Water Winds and Argumentation of Power Supply, proposed as an accompanying wind and light base, as well as hydropower, light power, etc.
The source-building programme, which studies 12 super-high-voltage corridors of the 14th Five-Year Plan, provides a “three-way-nine-way-thirteen-thirty” power supply. According to the “three-to-nine-thirty” power supply package, a normal one-high-pressure direct transmission line can deliver about 11-13gw new energy sources, with a complement of about 4gw light power.
The first major bases are completely off-site or off-loaded. According to the second batch list, in addition to the nine super-high-pressure direct-transmission routes mentioned above, there are still a need to build at least one new Monsi, Horan Hill to the centre-east, and three ultra-high-pressure direct-transmission routes from the wine fountain to the centre-east, based on 200gw base in 2025.
It is estimated that there are 12 U.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.A.
Coal industry: In the new era of flexible supply, new opportunities for industrial transformation China is the world’s largest coal producer and consumer. According to data from the National Statistical Office, domestic coal production reached 4.66 billion tons in 2023, an increase of 2.9 per cent compared to the previous year, accounting for about 53.3 per cent of global primary coal production.
Consumption was about 4.8 billion tons, an increase of 1.5 per cent over the same period, with the electricity sector accounting for 53.1 per cent. The coal industry has been in a “large, small, scattered” situation for a long time, dominated by large state-owned enterprises, but there are also a large number of small and medium-sized enterprises.
In 2022, the country ' s top 10 coal-producing enterprises combined production totalled about 2.31 billion tons, representing about 50.7 per cent of the country ' s total primary coal production in that year, an increase of 10.6 percentage points from 2016.
At present, carbon neutrality and energy security are the dual requirements of the coal industry, with carbon neutrality and targets limiting the expansion of coal production capacity, and energy security requiring coal bottom security.
The volatility of energy prices abroad and the mismatch between domestic supply and demand need to be supported by soft supply to achieve the objectives of intelligent, flexible production, safe and stable supply, and a dynamic balance between supply and demand. Coal is clean and efficient.
In December 2023, the National Development and Reform Commission issued its Opinions on the Implementation of the System for the Establishment of Coal Mineral Energy Reserves (Quoting Drafts), with the objective of establishing an initial coal mineral energy reserve system by 2027, with an orderly approval of a portfolio of coal mine projects for the creation of a scalable coal production capacity reserve.
A more robust system, a better production and capacity management system, a 300 million-ton/year movementable energy reserve, a significant increase in national coal supply security capacity, and a sustained increase in supply resilience and resilience.
Looking ahead, coal's positioning in the energy system will shift from its supply backbone until 2030 to support integration between 2030 and 2050-2040 and emergency bailout between 2050 and 2050. By the end of 2022, our coal reserves stood at 2070 billion tons. By 2025, coal demand had been relatively stable, at about 4.3 billion tons.
The company’s new energy operations include multiple crystalline silicon, new energy generation, and new energy epc operations, which are mainly carried out by the Consort Public Department’s new special energy sources.
The multi-crystal silicon business: In 2022, the company ' s multi-crystal silicon business achieved revenue of 25.7 billion yuan, an increase of 122 per cent in the same year, and in 2018-2022, cagr, an increase of 126 per cent. In 2022, the company ' s multi-crysil silicon business had a Māori rate of 70 per cent, an increase of 11 pcts, mainly due to a large increase in prices due to the oversupply of multiple-crysil silicon.
2023h1, the company ' s multi-crystal silicon business achieved revenue of 12.6 billion yuan, a 22 per cent increase in the same year and a 18 per cent decline in the ring; the Māori rate was 53 per cent, a 13 pcts decline in the same year, mainly as a result of a sharp fall in the price of multi-crysil silicon.
2023h1, the company achieved 86,000 tons of polycrystal silicon sales, an increase of 81 per cent over the same period. At the end of June 2023, the company’s target of 200,000 tons of silicon in the east was almost complete, with production reaching a high level by the end of 2023, adding up to 200,000 tons of production capacity in the former Xinjiang Gansburg and Inner Mongolia, with a total multicrystal silicon production capacity of 300,000 tons per year.
In 2022, the company produced 126,000 tons of multi-crystal silicon, with a global market share of about 13%. In 2023, we estimated a multi-crystal silicon production of 183,000 tons, with a global market share of about 13%.
Equipment, quality synergy, through optimization of raw material acceptance and inspection, reduction process control, system decomposition control, etc., continued to decline significantly in the company ' s Māori unit as the industry ' s multi-crystal silicon capacity was gradually released and the market price of silicon fell.2023h1, the company ' s multi-crystal silicon unit sold at a tax-free price of RMB 147,000 per ton, and the unit of Māori fell to RMB 78,000 per ton.
In 2019-2021, the company ' s multi-crystal silicon operations grew faster than their counterparts ' harvests, gradually after 2022, as a result of the sharp fall in prices of the later multi-crysil silicon products.
Figure 34: Gross profit increases in comparable companies ' multi-crystal silicon operations (%) New energy epc operations: in 2022, the company ' s new energy epc operations achieved revenues of $7.7 billion, a 1% decrease in the same year, and cagr about 16% in 2018-2022.
Revenue of $2.7 billion, an 11 per cent increase in the same year; Māori rate of 18 per cent, a decrease of 6 pcts in the same year; Power station operation: the company ' s new energy generation business was mainly carried out by the controlling subsidiary, NSN. In 2022, the company ' s annual Māori operation of the new power plant was 59 per cent, a decrease of 10 pcts, a decline in the same year, mainly due to subsidized electricity prices.
Verification of the impact, as a result of the start-up of the company ' s revenue recognition on the basis of the price of electricity after the reduction or elimination of the subsidy.In 2022, the new special energy power plant operated with a new installed unit of 0.35gw, with wind at 0.23gw and photovoltaic at 0.13gw. By the end of 2022, the new special energy power plant operated with a loader at 2.61gw, with wind at 1.95gw, light.
Vol. 0.66gw. By the end of June 2023, the new special energy power plant was operating on about 2.93gw. 2023h1, the company acquired additional photovoltaic, wind and wind project development indicators of about 1.08gw. The company intensified the development of centralized wind power, photovoltaic projects focusing on the deployment of new energy bases, Xinjiang and other sites in Hebei, Shanxi, Gansu and Xinjiang.
The development model of projects such as source network storage, composite light voltage, storage energy, the simultaneous implementation of decentralized wind power projects, low-carbon parks, the production of high-end equipment in the field of transmission power, the company has built bases for the development of transmission-related electricity products in Liaoning, Hunan, Tianjin, Shandong, Sichuan, Xinjiang, etc., with a capacity of 270 million transformers and resisters in 2023.
kva, the world's top three. The company has built the capacity of integrated services in the field of transformers, electrical resisters, switch valves, tubes, switches, secondary equipment, cable cables, etc., and has been tasked with the supply of a number of national ultra-high voltage transmission test signs.
In response to the call of the state for “one-way”, companies have provided integrated solutions such as transmission engineering exploration, engineering, equipment supply, installation debugging, operation maintenance, training services, and turnkey master contracting services to more than 30 countries and regions.
Figure 44: Special electrician North-South power major arteries project, Kyrgyzstan. The company transforms electricity to 15.8 billion yuan, an increase of 24 per cent in the same year. This is mainly due to increased demand in the transmission sector and increased market expansion by companies. The Māori rate is 14.2 per cent, compared to +1.2 pcts.
The company’s transmission units include transformers, cable cables, and transmission engineering, and the company’s association’s transmission is mainly transformers, so we choose to compare the company’s transformer business.
Revenues are on average in the industry and maintain high growth rates, but the Māori rate is low, mainly due to the relatively low share of sales outside the sea of corporate transformers and differences in product structure with their counterparts. Figure 47: Business income from comparable company power transmission operations (millions of yuan)
Figure 48: Increase in business income from comparable company transmission and transformation (%): Māori ratio of comparable companies (%): Increase in gross profits of comparable companies (%)
The company’s coal resource endowment is excellent, rich in reserves, shallow deposits, and low extraction ratios are one of the most prioritized mining areas in Xinjiang’s coal fields. The company’s approved coal production capacity is 74 million tons/year, with the Southern open coal mine growing at a significant rate of 2023h1. The business’s Māori rate has increased steadily and profitability has continued to improve.
2023H1 Māori rate for coal operations decreased by 4.8 ptcs on a year-on-year basis, mainly in terms of transportation costs within pits, blast stripping, figure 55: Māori ratio of comparable companies (%): increase in gross profits of comparable companies (%)
The company also operates new aluminium electronic materials, power generation, trade, gold, etc. In 2022, the company’s new aluminium electronic materials business was run by Xinjiang and the joint venture company (security code: 600888.sh) and was dominated by a new chain of aluminium-based materials called Energy-High-Aluminium-Aluminum-Aluminum-Aluminum-Electrium-Aluminum.
In 2002, company agreements were granted to the Xinjiang Autonomous Region State Asset Management Corporation, which held 22.51 million shares of the Xinjiang population and the State share of the limited stock company, accounting for 21.77% of the Xinjiang population and total equity.
Since 2004, Xinjiang and Xinjiang's status as shareholders has been maintained, and on 23 December 2022 Xinjiang was included in the consolidated statements. As of 30 September 2023, the company held Xinjiang and 462 million shares, representing 34.23 per cent of total equity.
In 2023, q1-q3, the Xinjiang population and the realization of operating income of $4.9 billion fell by 18% in the same year, mainly because of weak market demand, lower sales of alloy products, electronic aluminum, etc., and falling product prices. The decline in profitability was mainly due to a sharp decline in the price of multi-crysil products and the Māori rate.
Figure 60: Cash flows from corporate activities (%) Rapidly upped since 2020, but there was a significant decline in 2023, mainly due to a significant improvement in the company ' s performance and profitability as a result of multiple crystalline silicon prices that have fallen significantly since 2023.
In terms of short-term debt-servicing indicators, there is a downward trend in the mobility and velocity ratios, but they still remain relatively healthy, mainly because of the rapid growth of accounts payable and instruments.
We expect the company to sell it free of taxes at a price of $9.3/5.7.54 million per ton, to achieve operating income. The country has entered a high-pressure construction intensive phase, with a higher rate of super-pressure accelerator Maori; and a super-pressure transformer.
The company is expected to benefit from the sale of overseas high-mori transformer products. Cables: we expect the cable business to earn 115/130/14.5 billion, compared to the transmission package: we expect the company ' s transmission package to earn business income in 2023-2025.
New energy generation: Xinjiang Xinjiang's energy is entering a fast-growing phase, with a strong corporate position, with high-quality wind and light resources being selected as reserves for operational projects. We expect new installed capacity for the company's new energy sources in 2023-2025, based on the above-mentioned major operating income and Māori projections, our costs, tax rates, dividends over time.
The following table provides a sensitivity analysis for the absolute valuation, which is more sensitive than for the wacc and constant growth rates: segment valuation: $17.2-18.9 We have selected four operations with higher performance and a promise of stability to carry out segment valuations.
For corporate transformers, we have selected China Western, Thought-source electrical, and Goldboard technologies as comparable companies, with 24-26 times more dynamic per zone in 2024 compared to corporate transformers. Because companies sell low sales overseas, we give companies 2020 times more dynamic pe in 2024.
For the company's cable business, we've chosen the main power line cable, the Far East shares, the gold cup, the electrician's comparable company, which received 9 to 10 times the company's cable business, the 2024 dynamic pe zone, and for the company's new energy generation business, we've selected the main company's new power generation power source power source, the three gorges, the river.
For the company’s coal business, China’s main coal producer, the Xianxi Coal industry, and the Xianyan Ring can be comparable companies, with the comparable company’s coal business in 2024 being 10-11 times more dynamic Pe.
For the company’s multi-crystal silicon business, we have selected the main multi-crystal silicon production shares, large-scale energy, and technology for comparable companies, which received 11-12 times more dynamic p-zones in 2024 than comparable companies. Given the cost difference between the company’s multi-crysilica business and comparable companies, there are price fluctuations in the multi-crysil silicon industry.
Risk, we're giving the super-converter a multi-crystal silicon operation five-ten times the 2024 dynamic pe5-10. We're using absolute valuation and relative valuation methods, and we're using a multi-dimensional synthesis to arrive at a reasonable valuation of the company's calculation of free cash flows over the next few years, the calculation of weighted average capital costs at wcc, and a sustained growth.
The assumptions about rates and the choice of valuation parameters for comparable companies, both of which incorporate many individual judgements, lead to the risk of valuation deviations, as follows:
(b) 2 Weighted average capital cost wacc has a greater impact on the company's valuation, with no-risk interest rates of 2.5 per cent used in the calculation of wacc, and a 7.5 per cent equity premium may be lower, leading to a lower wacc calculation,
The risk of an overvalued company;3 We assume a 1.0 per cent growth rate for company tv after 10 years, and that the company's main industry is the photovoltaic industry, which is now growing well and has a higher downstream demand profile, but faces a slowdown or even a decline in industry growth in the future.
Possibilities, so that companies continue to grow in real terms low or negative, resulting in the risk of overvaluation of companies;4 Relative valuations focus mainly on the company ' s 2024 valuation, with the risk of a decline in the average per-moric price of comparable companies in 2024: industrial silicon, steel, copper, aluminium, insulation gas, etc., as major raw materials
As a result of the continuing rise, the Māori rate for products has declined, market competition has increased, corporate growth in the industry has increased, and so on, the prices of major public products and Māori rates have declined. Policy support: the development of photovoltaic and grid projects is a heavy asset, a long-term input, and is supportive of provincial policies.
It's more dependent. It's the country's main new form of energy generation, and it's an important catch-up for achieving the “double carbon” goal on the side of electricity generation, and there's a risk that industry will grow faster than expected if local support for photovoltaic project development falls short of expectations.
If the pace or amount of investment is lower than expected, the growth in corporate performance may be affected. The frequency of inadequate capacity in domestic and foreign markets and extreme weather conditions may affect normal company production and delivery, affecting the progress of construction of various energy projects, thereby making the company’s sales earnings and profits less predictable.
Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors' assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors' past, present or future absence of studies on them