What's the meaning of the i-pot? What's the i-pot? The i-pot is located as a digital marketing platform for shares to buy alcohol online.
Toc's structure is a new attempt by companies to do new retailing and to supplement the under-line circulation channels. During the current trial, the platform's top-line treasures, including four items, were purchased more fairly by the collectors to guide the purchase, from the increase in direct/special stores, and from the anticipated follow-up product and the other products.
Channel coverage is expected to improve. What is the difference between the i-tao and the i-tao cloud traders?
The number of households has broken down by 10 million. 3) There is greater fairness in the concentration of control and the control of the share company over the release, approval, etc. of the product; there is complementarity with the system of direct sales, and profits belong to the share.
Through the i-pot, what is the company’s plan? The i-pot is essentially part of a market-based reform.
The company operates on non-standard and i-substances, and is expected to continue to release elasticity.) Product 4. The product "Analysis of the growth space of the makhallyas from Quantum Dimensions -- Precious ends, company price increases & release of new products & reduction of the sku series " , etc., the product matrix is increasingly complete.
Well, it's better to match the needs of consumers at all levels. We believe that market-based reforms are essentially to bring the pots of wine to a successful closing in in 21 and to wait for 22 years of multi-dimensional change. Market prices are closer to actual supply and demand, squeezing irrational snobs and reflecting reasonable values.
Long-term moats and brand channels are multi-wheel-driven. Long-term recognition of corporate brand power + products, with demand gaps, can be seen in current requisitions.
Liu Xiaotsing uataa@aizaaaman created the macroeconomic downside risk, the persistent recurring risk of the epidemic, the policy risk, and the food safety risk.
On March 31, the company's power company platform “i-pot” was officially piloted, with sales using a requisitioning model, a hot city, with an average requisitioning success rate of less than 1% for one single item. We believe that the Toc-type electric power platform is another attempt at market-based reform, which is conducive to balanced delivery at the supply end, end-market price control, and so on.
We also look at the differences between the twigs and earlier cloud platforms, including digitalization of the cows, concentration of controls, and so on. We suggest that attention be paid to the evolution of the company's market.
I. What is the location of the i-pot? i-pot is located as the new digital marketing app of the stock company.
The Toc architecture is a new move for companies to do new retailing. The company has previously deployed power lines to face consumers via online shopping malls, Maotai Clouds, etc., but the consumer has had less experience and relative success due to the weak digital base at the bottom, the serious yellow cow phenomenon, etc.
The company cancelled in December 19 and, at present, during the trial operation of the i-Poo station, there are four types of on-line products, including precious items, the birth of the Xiao-Poo station, requisitioning and publicizing the results within a set time frame, including direct-door and specialized stores.
The platform is still dominated by process tests, pressure tests, etc., during the current trial, and is not being used in a significant way. It is expected to continue with better product, channel, etc., and better marketing.
Then, as a channel structure for Toc, i kiosks have been reduced to levels such as distributors, smoke hotels, and now special stores and direct stores are used only as conduits to deliver goods below the line, with product quotas being allocated by the company as a whole. And companies can do this compared to third-party power providers such as Skycat, Suning, etc.
Consumer contact. Bottom consumer data is the basis for follow-up information-based marketing for the location marketing platform.
In terms of prices, the consumer claims the price, which is a clear concession over the market price, and the exclusive store, which operates as a distribution channel with a profit margin of 7 to 9%.
Multi-dimensional technical support, digitalization. The company has planned on the path of intelligence, has been moving forward since 17 years, and has been strategically aligned with China, the tide, and so forth for 20 years.
Do. We believe that the upper line can be seen as a step-by-step attempt by companies in the process of intellectualization, with sub-level technical support agencies covering information, payments, communications, consulting, etc. In particular, i-potaby built the operating environment through cloud computing to cover production and approximation in conjunction with the cognition of goods.
In the first week of the trial, a cumulative 4.541 million people were engaged in booking requisitions, with an average of around 6.5 million requisitions per day, and the whole process from registration to delivery was generally robust.
Requisitions are combined with notarization numbers to ensure that they are “fair, fair and open”. At the operational level, the full process includes registration, requisitioning, payment and withdrawal.
Shake sign, the only one (a random 36-by-decimal number, irregularity and order) for each user. The requisitioning code is encrypted using the Hashi algorithm to generate the results of the requisition through matching algorithms and notarized by the Hangzhou Internet Notary Office to ensure fairness: 3) discloses products, drops and claims at each point when requisitioning
Digitalizes the marketing of yellow cows, and controls are more focused.
Discrepancies can be found mainly in: 1) different procurement modalities, i-potregation models, i-potrey models, i-potrey models; 2) coverage of product surfaces, i-potresses have not been on the line during the trial operation, and we digest 30% and 40% of the quota in cloud traders; 4) more centralized controls, i-potrelization by the stock company
In the past, Mao-Boys used a lot of software such as scripts to rob them, which made it difficult for real consumers to buy them, while the platform became a bull for profit.
In addition, there are problems with the distribution of the purchase orders. In response, i-Thai uses a requisition system that guarantees a relatively fair acquisition probability based on the user's only requisitioning code, and introduces notaries to ensure fairness. (There are differences in the rates of successful requisitions in the regions due to differences in the volume of investments, but the differences are not.)
Obviously, we believe that the use of big data to leverage regional supply to optimize demand matching is one of the functions that the power provider’s platform expects to achieve. In terms of requisitions, consumer enthusiasm has increased, with less than 1% of all four orders being successfully requisitioned.
Of the 2,*375 ml, only 0.02% has been successfully requisitioned because of the small amount of investment. We believe that even if the cows are jointly requisitioned in small areas, there is little chance that this low level of success will be concentrated, which will help to crowd out the shrubs in the current market price system.
Before the platform came online, the short-term price of non-flagged, flying and 1935 products dropped considerably, partly because of the panic of the cows and the relatively low demand of the season, which eventually led us to suggest that we keep an eye on the performance of the follow-up. From the experience of cloud traders, it was observed that
Whether to go down and transfer benefits; whether to look horizontally at mechanisms such as tiles and see if there are problems of improving the success rate of requisitions through technology, etc. In the products that are currently on the line, although the batch price has fallen to varying degrees, the price difference between the check and the guide price is still more than $1,000 per year.
During the course of the journey, the purchase price was also ordered, and the issue of stevedoring under lucrative channels is still to be examined. Figure 8: Motivated prices from the beginning of the 22nd to the present. Figure 9: 1935 since the beginning of the 22nd to the present.
Figure 11: Pow-tow price trends, digital enabling culture marketing, storytelling. We expect digital marketing to be more effective than a cloud platform, where i-pow-positioning is more biased.
In the case of user sticky breeding, the platform's on-line “Boo-go” reservation is expected to be more informative.
In fact, we believe that cultural marketing has far-reaching implications for brand power creation and recognition, especially as some new generations start to join the requisitioning community. Thus, companies are actively marketing through current and digital marketing, with a view to bringing concepts such as “scarce” and “unique” to the heart.
It is the consumer’s recognition of Mao Tai’s brand power that underpins demand, thus driving the high premium on the poo’s products, centralizing control, and upgrading control. When Mao Dai’s company was founded in 14 years, Maotai’s shareholdings were only 25%, and the rest were held by Mao Tai’s group, Liquor Corporation, Group Technology Corporation, etc.
At the end of the 19th year, issues such as transfer of benefits, poor controls, etc., were written off at a later stage of development. At the present time, the plan is controlled by the stock company, with the company’s authority over the platform becoming more centralized.
The centralization of information flows is also concentrated on companies, which can help the scavengers identify and follow up on precision marketing. Equity concentration suggests that attention be paid to the long-term logic of profit recovery from the channel.
The price is higher than the price of the wine factory (e.g., the price of the hut is $1088 compared to $798 compared to the price of the hut 1935; the price of the factory is $2299 compared to the price of 1999) and is essentially a direct distribution channel. Referring to the cloud that asked the distributor to sell part of the quota to the platform, we believe that the platform is in the product, in the later stages.
Prices, supply patterns, etc. are expected to be further extended and improved. Given the company’s centralized holdings, i huts are expected to act as a complementary channel to the bottom-up system.
After the new management came to power, it actively promoted market-based reforms, such as marketing and price systems, and proposed to “strengthen the return of Mautai to commodities.”
Properties to provide consumers with better quality goods and services.” Since late September 21st, companies have been involved in a number of market-based reforms, including the scaling up of supply-side investments, the successive cancellations of boxing policies, the downsizing of new products, and the sku slashing of new products, and the expansion of direct distribution channels.
Step by step. In terms of effectiveness, the run-down price dropped from about $3,000 in September 21 to about $2650-2,700, the spread-to-the-box price gap has been reduced to about $200, and marketized levels have accelerated the construction of direct distribution channels and the structure has improved the price.
The firm’s share of direct sales channels has been increasing since 19 and prices have been rising. Of these, the share of direct sales channels in 21 years has reached 22.7%, of which 21q4 accounts for 29.6%, and the acceleration is evident.
From the point of view of volume prices, direct sales have increased year by year, and the price of tons has risen simultaneously. 21 years of direct sales canals at $4.19 million, an increase of 24.4 per cent, while the price of tons has risen by 62.5 per cent compared to the price of the bottled wine product.
Good and fast-paced (traditional distribution channels are not expected to release incremental quantities in the short term, mainly in direct, super, electric, etc.) Price increases & downscaling sku, and corporate product matrices are getting better. At the end of the product, companies raise prices,
From late 21 to early 22 years, the company released a new piece of mat, a set of 1935 kyats of prices, published a gap between the rare table and the 15-year-old matrix, and made the product more stratified through price increases. At the moment, the bottled wine has become flying.
The product structure of the natural, natural, refined, precious, year-old has been better aligned with the needs of consumers at all levels, and has partially eased the pressure of the sky supply. At the level of the wine series, the feedback company will reduce by 22 years 10 items, including Prince Pu and Pimpin.
Sku, also concentrating its resources on the main push product of 1935 in the hut, will be more focused and optimized. From 17 to 21 years, the series of liquor sales will remain at around 30,000 tons, but the 21-year ton price will rise by 116 per cent from 17 years, and we expect the product end-side structural optimization to continue.
It is suggested that attention be paid to the logic of improved company price-plate control and profit-backing channels. In our view, the company’s market-based reform objective, which is called “following market rules, echoing market signals, reflecting fair values”, is essentially to bring the market prices of the puppies closer to the actual supply and demand, and to squeeze out irrational, irrational snobs.
Before the i-pow rise, the price of flying and non-stamped pedestals fell sharply, reflecting the high sensitivity to prices of some of the preposterous social stock hoarders. We see the company’s market-based reforms continue to boost its ability to control market prices.
Not only does product prices need to be marketed, but it should also reflect the marketization of channel profits, which are currently higher than those at the end of a liquor factory. The long logic of returning to channel profits through direct/indirect price increases, direct distribution channels, etc., will be clearer in the context of the continued increase in company price board control.
Only traditional distribution channels are considered, based on a 22-year net return to the mother, with 50 per cent of the profits retained  income splits and projections: volume increases are still certain 1) 18 years of production equal to +16 per cent and 22 years of circulation of the ring
The year has grown by about 35% to date, but sales are almost even, and it is expected to be mainly due to the extension of the stock in the internal adjustment structure to supply a relatively high-quality series of wines. Considering the same increase in the production of the 19/21 series of alcohol, I.2) in terms of prices, the increase in tonnage depends mainly on direct/indirect price increases, and the structure of the internal product.
Given the ongoing growth in corporate market-based reforms, direct marketing, structural optimization, or acceleration, we expect that the price dimension will be more flexible. The Division proposes a “big leap” in which we believe that the company’s 22-year plan can be more productive and of high quality.
A robust level of profitability and a superior quality of profit 47.9 per cent in terms of drivers, we believe that it is mainly due to an increase in the Māori rate and the lower of the overall cost rate 1) in terms of Māori: due to the optimal structure of the product and channels, the price of the matai/sample ton continues.
Increase, co-driven increase in the Māori rate. However, considering the low rate of alcohol in the series compared to the kyotai, 2) from a cost point of view: the company sales rate has continued its downward trend for 21 years; the management rate has increased slightly, by the same 21 per cent increase in the salaries of employees in the break-down sub-groups; and the tax and surcharges consist mainly of a consumption tax, accompanied by a ton price.
Upgrade, the impact of quantitative taxes will be reduced, and consumption taxes will be reduced slightly. We believe that sales rates, taxes and surcharges have stabilized overall, and that there is still room for optimization of management costs in the medium to long term.
The net profit margin is 113%, of which 122% in 21 years. A strong cash inflow is enough to support the company’s infrastructure spending, and the operating risks are relatively small.
We suggest that attention be focused on improving the company’s ability to control the market price board, and that the current high price differential reflects, on the one hand, a clear supply and demand gap, but, on the other hand, it is still necessary to squeeze the irrational components of the hysteria. With the routing, we also suggest that we take advantage of the logic of the return of in vitro profits, whether through direct/intervals.
In addition, companies, by digital means, strengthen their control over c-end consumer portraits, and regulate interregional distribution of supplies, helping them to develop steadily over the long term. In general, companies, as white wine leaders, are well-established, heavily guarded, and heavily guarded.
Macroeconomic downside risks: macroeconomic developments drive up the income of the population, thus driving the continued expansion of the white wine industry. If the macroeconomy goes down, the process of upgrading the end consumption will slow down and will affect the company’s performance.
A return to the scene could also have a negative impact on the company ' s profitability if the policy level limits the consumption of white wine, or if consumer tax reforms increase its corporate tax burden.
Food safety risks: As a food-food producer, a company ' s image of a company ' s brand is seriously damaged by food safety incidents in the industry or in the company.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment