The Yangtze Company is the leader of the hydroelectric industry, the three-thousand group hydroelectric platform.
The company's hydroelectric capacity is 45,495,000 kW, representing 15.07% of our hydroelectric capacity, and the world's number one leader in the hydroelectric industry. As the tri-fon group's hydroelectric platform, the Utunde, Shirvana Beach hydroelectric plant, which is under construction, is expected to be injected into the company when it becomes operational, and the company's installed capacity will increase by about 30%.
Hydropower is a scarce clean energy source, and companies are expected to improve their performance. Hydropower is a unique source of clean energy that can absorb the basic load of the grid, with high barriers to access, high profitability, etc. As development becomes more difficult and exploitable, the projected installed capacity for the 13th Five-Year period is expected to be at an annual level.
The company’s power stations are national priority projects.
If Utunde and the White Crane Beach power station are successfully injected, the company will grow in a new round. Blue fund-raising values are high, multi-dimensional layout for long-term development.
The company is involved in a number of power enterprises, which, by optimizing the smoothing up of the installed structures, create long-term growth points for the distribution of electricity and international energy operations. For the first time, coverage is given as an “enhanced” rating.
High, and in the future, high-quality power generation assets will be injected into the value of both growth and growth.
Fukuwa, Fukuda District, is a tax-free dealer on the 6th of China's Sichuan Free Trade Experiment.
China Yangjiang Power Company Ltd., China, was established on 4 November 2002 with the approval of the State Council.
China Yangjiang Three Gorge Group Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “China's Three Gorges Group”) as the lead sponsor, United China Energy International Ltd., China Nuclear Industry Group, China Petroleum and Gas Group, China Ghai Dam Hydroelectric Engineering Group Ltd. and Yangjiang Committee
The company was officially listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in November of that year. The company was installed in all electricity and water, with a total installed capacity at the end of the month.
For the Chinese tri-gorge group, which holds 61.92 per cent of the shares, the actual controlling person is the State Council State Property Supervisor, 1.2. The China tri-gorge group is the largest clean energy group in the country. In September 1993, with the approval of the State Council,
China’s Changjiang San Gorge Engineering Development Corporation was formally established and renamed China’s Yangjiang San Gorge Group Limited in September 2009. The strategic orientation of China’s tri-gorge Group is a large-scale clean energy group based on hydropower development and operation, whose main operations include hydroelectric engineering and management, electricity production, and international investment.
After more than 20 years of rapid and sustained development, China’s tri-gorge group has become the largest hydropower development enterprise in the world and the country’s largest clean energy group. As of the end of 2016, China’s tri-gorge group was in control.
Nearly 70 million kilowatts have been installed, and the total number of installed, under construction and interests has reached 118 billion kilowatts, of which 97% are renewable clean-energy installed, 16% are controlled, and the installed capacity is the highest in the world. At present, the world’s top 12 installed hydroelectric plants are owned by the Chinese tri-gorge group.
Five of them, with a capacity of 16 million kW and a capacity of 10.2 million kW, are in the construction phase and are expected to be operational in 2021 and 2020. The Three-Firth Group hydroelectric platform.
At the end of 2017, electricity generation amounted to 21.893 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh) per year, accounting for 17.66 per cent of the country’s hydropower capacity.
By comparison, the company has the highest installed capacity and generation capacity and is a well-deserved leader in the hydroelectric sector. Figure 4: The company power stations are located in the middle of the Yangtze River and in the Quansha River, where it acquires high-quality power-generating assets to increase the size of the plant.
The company has established a dedicated power production operation since it was listed, expanding the capacity through active acquisition of high-quality power generation assets. The company has already made it possible through capital operations to acquire the tri-gorge power station, the dam power station and the Quillao power station under the banner of the tri-Font Group of China, with a higher capacity.
The market grew almost 16-fold. According to the non-competitive commitments of the tri-gorges group in China, the company will also be injected into the company when cranes and Utunde hydroelectric plants become operational, when the company’s installed capacity is expected to grow by about 58% on its current base.
The company's main business is the production and sale of electricity. Electricity production and distribution is the company's main business.
In the East (Shanghai, Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Anhui) and the South (Cuangdong, Yunnan), the accompanying transmission projects have effectively secured electricity consumption. The hydroelectric unit has a capacity of 2,735,000 kWh, with an average of 13.9 billion kWh of electricity generated over the years.
After the city, between 2003 and 2012, the company acquired 34 units from the three gorges, adding 22.5 million kilowatts to the installed capacity, generating an average of 88.2 billion kilowatt-hours per year over the years. In 2016, the company acquired 100% of the shares of Kawayun.
In total, 18 units with a capacity of 13,86 million kWh have been installed at the Hewlaway Power Station under its flag, with an average annual capacity of 57,07 billion kWh over the years; eight units with a capacity of 6.4 million kWh have been installed at the dam power station, with an average annual capacity of 30,880 million kWh over the years; and after the acquisition, the company will have installed its installed capacity.
With the growing capacity of companies, the annual generation of electricity has been on a new step, with the company achieving 21.889 billion kilowatt-hours in 2017, an increase of 2.35 per cent over the previous year.
Depreciation is the highest percentage of company costs. Unlike electricity and electricity, hydropower, by converting water from rivers to electricity, does not require fuel per se and does not cost fuel, but only pays a small amount of water. So, the total cost of hydropower is higher, and it can become a relatively low-cost feature, and the fixed cost is mainly depreciated.
Among the company’s operating costs, the old fee ratio is about 60-70%, while other financial fees, such as those for water, labour, and materials, are lower and remain around 0.09 kWh/kWh.
The measure led to a steady growth in corporate performance. In 2017, the company achieved business income of $50,147 million, compared to the second, electricity and water were scarce clean energy sources, while consumption continued to improve by 2.1. Quality clean energy and barriers were more profitable.
Hydropower is a high-quality, clean energy source. Hydropower stations can be divided by workflow into two parts of hydraulic and mechanical systems, including hydraulic buildings and equipment that convert natural water into available water, electrical systems including water turbines and generators, which convert available water energy into mechanical energy through water turbines.
Re-engineer power generation. Depending on the manner in which natural currents are used and the ability to regulate, hydroelectric plants can be divided into run-off hydropower stations and water storage plants, of which run-off hydroelectric plants have no reservoirs or reservoirs, have little or no capacity to regulate the amount of natural water; water storage plants have one.
A reservoir of reservoirs, which have a different ability to regulate the natural flow of water. Water storage plants form reservoirs by blocking a dam, regulate runoff, stabilize water use and power, and are the ideal source of electricity with a basic load on the grid. Moreover, throughout the process of electricity production, electricity is not available.
The generation of pollutants, such as greenhouse gases, with clean, renewable and never-depleted characteristics, makes it possible to use hydroelectric power, as shown in figure 11: Flowcharts of hydroelectric power generation High barriers to administrative access in the hydroelectric sector.
The construction of a single station on a river with a total capacity of 500,000 kW or more requires approval from the National Development and Reform Commission, and the approval of the State Council for hydroelectric projects of 3 million kW or more or 10,000 kW or more migrants, and the approval of the remaining projects by the local development and rehabilitation commission.
Not only are electricity projects approved at a high level in the sector, but they also require development enterprises to complete a large amount of advance work, including land-receiving migration programmes, environmental impact assessments, etc. In general, barriers to administrative access to the hydropower sector are higher, especially in the case of large-scale hydropower projects.
Hydropower is a technology-intensive and capital-intensive industry, with high technical and financial barriers. Water and electricity projects cover several domains, such as hydrology, geology, buildings, electromechanical structures, environmental protection, and operation maintenance. In addition to considering economic benefits, hydropower projects also need to consider dam safety, consistent with environmental imperatives.
To minimize the damage to vegetation and the ecology involved in power plants. Therefore, achieving optimal power generation efficiency in the context of safety and environmental protection imposes a high level of technical and managerial barriers to hydropower development. In addition, hydropower project development, especially large-scale water, is subject to a high level of technical barriers.
In addition to investing in land reclamation, dam construction, power plant construction, etc., the development of electricity projects will involve significant costs of land-mining migration, and financial barriers to the hydroelectric sector will continue to increase as compensation for land-riding migrants rises.
The crane beach power station is the largest power plant in the world, with a total installed capacity of 16 million kilowatts, with a total engineering investment of 177.89 billion yuan and a kilowatt investment of 11,000 kilowatts. Unlike the power plant, the hydroelectric plant is not operating at the expense of fuel, so the cost of generating electricity is much lower than the cost of electricity.
Depending on the operational characteristics of the hydroelectric plant, the main factors affecting the level of profitability in the hydroelectric sector include: up-grid electricity prices, power generation (hours of equipment utilization), engineering investments, depreciation of fixed assets, labour costs, financial costs, water costs, etc., while the most important factors affecting their income are the amount of electricity generated (equipment utilization).
The most important factors affecting the cost of electricity are engineering investments, depreciation of fixed assets, and financial costs. The company’s new fleet relies mainly on the acquisition model, so depreciation of fixed assets and financial costs are the two most important factors affecting the company’s cost.
After the day, the value-added tax (VAT) return policy for millions of kilowatts of hydroelectric plants will have an impact on the company ' s performance, which, based on 2017 data, accounts for 8.46 per cent of the company ' s total operating profits.
In addition, because of the limited local capacity of our hydroelectric plants in the interior provinces of Sichuan and Yunnan, they are vulnerable to water disposal in areas with insufficient capacity to deliver them. For large hydroelectric plants, their reservoir capacity is larger, through storage.
For companies with multiple hydroelectric power stations in the same basin, they can maximize their total power generation through joint deployment of several hydroelectric stations. According to the 2017 electricity industry statistics published by the China-China ITU, hydropower equipment is averaged annually.
The use of 3579 hours is lower than the average use of power generation equipment (3786). In 2017, the weighted average utilization of the utility fleet was 4878 hours, higher than the industry average, with the Goji dam power station using 7344 hours.
Water and electricity prices can be divided into three pricing models. Water and electricity prices can be divided into planned and marketed prices. For marketed prices of electricity, they are now dominated by marketed and negotiated prices, which are determined by both the supply and demand sides.
Ben plus, the price of poles and the price of inverted electricity are the three pricing methods. Cost plus is the initial utility pricing method used in the country, which combines the cost, profit and tax factors for each power station, while electricity prices for each power station go online; the price of poles is based on the provincial electricity market and water.
The price of electricity is set at a flat price; the price of the inverted electricity is mainly for hydroelectric power stations that deliver electricity across provinces and regions, and the price of the electricity delivered online is determined on the basis of the landing price in the area where the electricity is supplied (as determined by consultation with the average purchase price of the electricity grid in the province where the electricity is supplied).
After 1st day, the new hydroelectric plant will implement the price of the poles and the price of the inverted electricity. Overall, the price of the hydropower grid is at a relatively low level compared to the price of his power supply.
Figure 16: Relatively low prices of electricity and water for the company ' s hydroelectric unit, the Gojia dam power station uses a cost increase; the tri-gorge electricity station, before the introduction of the “competitive Internet connection”, delivers electricity to the downland electricity in the provinces and cities, in principle according to the Ministry of Electricity Access
The average feed-in price level of the power plant for the same period was determined and floated in line with the average price of electricity in the recipient provinces; the feed-in price of the feed-in to the dam and the streaming-low power station was reversed. The company’s hydropower station is now connected to the grid and is highly profitable.
The average net asset return is 12% higher than nuclear power and electricity. The profitability of water and electricity will increase if the actual depreciation is applied. The company ' s Māori sales rate and net sales interest rates have remained at about 40% and 27%, respectively, for many years, again higher than those of other utilities.
2.2. The slowness of the new installed machines and the scarcity of resources show that the country is rich in water resources and has 56 per cent of the resources available for development. The country has a large area, a large number of rivers, a large run-off, a large lag and a rich reservoir of hydro-energy resources, according to the 2003 recovery of water resources.
As a result, our river water resources are 694 million kilowatts (kWh), generating 608 trillion kWh per year; technology is able to develop 542 million kWh per year, generating 247 million kWh per year; the economy is able to develop 402 million kW per year, generating 1.75 trillion kWh per year.
Source can be divided into ten basins, of which the theoretical installed capacity of the Yangtze basin accounts for 40 per cent of the total installed capacity, the technologically developed installed capacity is 47 per cent, and the economically developed installed capacity is 57 per cent, the largest reservoir of water resources. As of the end of July 2018, the country was 6,000.
With a capacity of 303 million kilowatts (kW) in capacity and a cumulative capacity of 5901 million kilowatt hours (kWh) of electricity generation, the 13 main hydroelectric bases have pooled high-quality hydropower resources, and the various power-generating groups have completed their layouts. The development of our large-scale current-area hydroelectric power plants is carried out in accordance with national integrated planning, using a rolling model of the ladder.
Development plans for the country's 13 largest hydroelectric bases. The water reserves of our large basins are located mainly in the Jinsha River, the Jai River, the Great River, the Uang River, the Upper Yangtze River, the Red River, the South River, the Shanxi River, the Lanchang River River, the Yellow River, the North River River, the Guanjian, the Northeast and the 13 Great Hydropower Base of the Miyaji River.
With more than half of the country's resources, the total planned load of the 13 main hydroelectric bases is more than 285.76 million kilowatts, covering the country's major hydroelectric plants. According to incomplete statistics, the 13 largest hydroelectric bases have been built with a capacity of 12,599 million kilowatts, 54.44 million kilowatts in construction and project capacity.
Two hundred and thirty-eight thousand kilowatts (KW) for cancelled or suspended projects are 2,364,000 kilowatts. It is planned that the major power-generating groups now have access to different watersheds. Specifically, the tri-gorge group has the right to develop up and down of the Yangtze River; the Juagen group has the right to develop the river; and the Chinese-power group has the gold.
By the end of 2017, the capacity of the hydroelectric plant was 3,419,000 kW, or 19.2 per cent, second only to the power of fire and second to the capacity of the plant.
Large clean energy sources. In 2017, the cumulative electricity generated by hydropower amounted to 18.94% of the 1145 million kWh. At the same time, it can be seen that the rate of increase in installed capacity has been declining over the past five years, with hydropower capacity growing by 2.73% in 2017, a 1.2 percentage point increase over the previous year.
Figure 19: Hydropower installed capacity in 2017: 19.2%; Figure 20: Hydropower generated in 2017: 18.9%; Figure 21: Hydropower installed capacity increased gradually
Figure 22: The rate of increase in hydroelectric power generation is declining, master planning is slowing, and resource scarcity is evident. According to the development of the 13 main hydroelectric bases, the capacity of the installed and under construction plants currently accounts for 63 per cent of the total planned capacity, while the undeveloped ones are mostly open.
Over the course of the 12th Five-Year Plan, our capacity has grown faster, with the addition of 103 million installed units.
Wears, with an average annual increase of 8.1 per cent, are limited by natural resources, the ecological environment, etc., and during the period of “13th Five” the increase in water and electricity will fall. According to the country's 13th Five-Year Plan for Electricity and Water, 60 million kW are expected to be added to conventional hydroelectric plants (approximately 43 million kW of conventional hydropower and 17 million kW of pumping water storage power plants), compared with 13 million kW.
The construction of the 12th Five-Year Construction has declined significantly, and the rate of increase in hydroelectrics has gradually slowed. As a result of the power and water resource endowments, the future hydropower sector will enter the stock-packing phase with lower production costs, especially for large hydropower units, depending on their size and regional advantages.
According to the State Department's Energy-Save-Enerly-Generative Movement Control Scheme (the pilot scheme), the power supply of electricity and electricity has been reduced to less than 50% of the total consumption of electricity.
Renewable energy generators such as hydropower, wind power, photovoltaics, etc. are entitled to priority movement, and the grid should work towards full access to electricity, wind power, and photovoltaics.
It was further clarified that access to clean energy should be prioritized, while ensuring the safety of electricity supply, priority should be given to electricity generation from clean energy sources, such as wind, solar and biomass, both in water and in the planning process, and to the promotion of clean energy. At the policy level, in the process of reforming the national electricity system, I
It has limited capacity, and the south-west has a high incidence of water disposal. Hydropower consumption is divided into in-situ consumption and delivery, and our electricity consumption centres are located in the east, while water energy resources are mainly located in the north-west and south-west.
The region, which has limited local capacity, depends mainly on the export of water. Although we are actively pursuing the strategy of “breathing from the west”, some of the water and electricity cannot be consumed, especially during the period of power grid construction and distribution of benefits, resulting in the loss of water disposal. The south-west of the country has a serious problem of water disposal, the main one of which is that of the south-west.
The reasons for this are, first, that power is growing at a slower rate than power installed, and that electricity supply and demand are loose within the region, with limited local capacity to absorb electricity; second, that grid construction lags behind power supply construction, with insufficient capacity to deliver; and third, that the price of the poles is low, that electricity is becoming less expensive in the provinces at the end, and that hydropower is less aggressive.
In addition, there is a high proportion of unreconciled hydroelectric plants in the region, and water disposal and water consumption is expected to improve continuously at the end of the period. Since this year, there has been an improvement in water disposal in the provinces of Sichuan and Guangxi, where “zero water disposal” has been achieved in Guangxi and water disposal has been achieved in Sichuan.
In recent years, we have put in place policies to promote water and electricity consumption, which we support at the policy level.
The National Energy Agency has published Renewable Energy Power Quotas and Examinations (Application Draft), which proposes to use the share of renewable energy sources such as hydropower, wind power, photovoltaics as a mandatory indicator, which is expected to continue to improve.
The gradual improvement of the market and the completion of the construction of the inter-provincial transmission route, the future capacity of utilities to absorb electricity and water, and the firm's steady and steady performance, with a focus on high-quality asset injection 3.1.
Discharge is guaranteed and the amount of electricity generated is guaranteed. Out of the four power stations owned by the company, the power from the Gojia Dam was purchased in full by the Chinese branch of the National Power Network: the Three Gorges project, which is the country's largest hydroelectric project and hub for the national grid, was supported by State policy, with the power from the three gorges in the country.
There is a distribution between the central branches of the grid (Henan, Hubei, Hunan, Jiangxi, Chongqing), the national grid (Shanghai, Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Anhui) and the southern grid (Cuangdong).
In addition to the 30% of Sichuan and Yunnan's electricity retained during the drying-up period, electricity was transferred from the national grid to Shanghai, from the left bank of the brookular power station to Zhejiang and from the right bank to Guangdong.
The price of electricity on the Internet supports the price of electricity. In terms of the price of electricity on the Internet, the price of electricity on the Gojia Dam, the Three Gorges, the price of electricity on the Internet, has remained unchanged since 2011, and the price of electricity to the dam has remained unchanged since 2011.
The price of electricity on the Internet is determined by the average price of electricity purchased in the LMPs less the price of transmission (line damage), which is mainly influenced by the price of coal access in the LMPs, which is the same as the price of coal grids. The price of electricity on the LMPs is currently low, and theoretically there is a possibility of an upward adjustment through coal connection, if
Initiating coal power connection, the average price of coal connection in 2018 is expected to increase by 4.07%/kWh. In Hewlett, the power station is sent to Zhejiang, Guangdong, and to the dam power station in Shanghai, both of which have the potential to raise the price of coal-fired units online through coal connection.
The cost of depreciation will be significantly reduced when it is completed. The company’s cost structure is stable, and depreciation is the highest percentage of the company’s cost. Of the hydroelectric plants operated by the company, the three gorges, the toy dam and the streaming dam have been depreciated for 45 years, the Goji dam for 60 years, and the water turbines and generators for 60 years.
It's 18 years. In fact, the dam is expected to be used for nearly 100 years, the water fleet is used for nearly 60 years, and the company's cost would be lower if it was discounted for the actual useful life. After depreciation is completed, the company's cost is expected to be significantly reduced. Overall, the company's cost structure is stable and over time.
Financial cost control is strong. The company’s cost rate has remained at around 15% over the years, below the average industry level (25%), which is dominated by financial costs, and the company has remained at around 13% over the years, just as low.
But the increase in the company’s financial costs is less than the increase in interest-bearing liabilities. Companies reduce the cost of financing, reduce the cost of finance and further reduce the cost by building an integrated financial management system, raising low-cost funds through multiple channels and optimizing the debt structure.
3.2. The implementation of the cascade-up to increase water efficiency is regulated by the power plants, which can be divided into unreconciled and regulated hydropower stations according to their capacity. Unreconciled hydropower stations are known as run-off hydropower stations, which, because of the absence of reservoirs, generate electricity.
The power station is regulated according to the size of the reservoir and can be divided into days, monthly, seasonal, annual and multi-yearly regulated power stations, which, depending on the availability of water, collect and discharge water through the reservoir.
The power generation for a period of time is optimized to reduce water discards and increase power. The company's Ghez Dam power station is a solar-regulating power station, the Three Gorges power station, the Quarter-regulating power station to a dam station, and the River Creek power station is regulated annually.
Integrated and coordinated movement of connected hydroelectric power stations and associated engineering facilities to maximize the benefits of river basin hydropower stations in flood prevention, power generation, shipping and water use.
In 2003, the three gorge reservoirs generated electricity, and the three gorges – the dam ladder level – were formally formed. In 2013, the streaming station on the lower side of the Jinsha River, and the subsequent production of the dam power station, formed the lower stream of the river – the three gorges – the dam ladder – the reservoir. The water flow through the ladder reservoir, the reservoirs.
Information collection, rainfall, run-off forecasting, reservoir movement control programmes and power generation plans have led to a set of systems for the joint movement of water reservoirs. In 2017, the company achieved an increase of 9.6 billion kilowatt-hours in water savings, accounting for 4.55 per cent of the annual generation of electricity through the “four reservoirs” of four existing power stations.
Figure 27: Three Gorges-George Ladder water hub map Figure 28: Elevator Joint Movement Control to Reduce Drainage map, which is expected to achieve joint optimization in the upper part of the Yangtze River in the future.
With the launch of the Utungde and White Crane Beach power stations in 2020 and 2021, the company’s stairwelling will be expanded to “six reservoirs” and the overall water power utilization will be expected to increase further. In addition, the company actively explores the potential for joint optimization of the river basin reservoirs in the upper Yangtze River, based on the principles of water intelligence and movement information sharing.
In 2017 and 2018, the company held a national power and energy investment in Kawakawa, with 52% and 48% of the shares of the Yagi River hydroelectric plant, respectively. In addition to looking at the future prospects of the two companies, the company mainly wanted to promote managerial synergies by building ties of equity, information-sharing and the Yangtze River.
(c) Joint movement plan for the river basin as a whole. Figure 30: Control of reservoir stubble structure of the dry tributary upstream of the Yangtze River
Utunde, River Rover, to the dam.
Watery, rivery, damy.
Volume-design water level (metres) 3.3. Quality asset injections, ushering in a new round of growth
18 tri-gorge generators, with an increase of 152 per cent in installed capacity, and the company ' s revenue in 2010 was $1 billion, an increase of 109 per cent from 2008. In 2016, the company acquired the assembly of generators from the dam, the brookular power station, an increase of 80 per cent in installed capacity, and the company ' s operating income in 2017 was $50.15 billion.
The net asset value added of the transactions paid by companies is relatively low compared to the transactions carried out by other companies in the industry. In 2009, companies acquired 18 of the tri-gorges, with a net asset value added of 28.45 per cent of the corresponding transaction price; in 2016, companies acquired all of the units from the dam, the brookular power station.
The net asset value added of the transaction price corresponds to 116.28 per cent. Reference is made to Grand Tang’s flagship power, which is much higher than that of the company. In 2009, the company adopted the three methods of taking over debt, issuing shares to the tri-false group in private and paying cash, involving amounts of 47 per cent, 19 per cent and 34 per cent, respectively;
The company is expected to grow in a new round. In the two large hydroelectric plants being built by the tri-gorge group, the crane, the beach hydropower station is the second level of four elevators down in the Jinsha River, located in Ningnan, Sichuan province.
On each of the banks, eight 1 million kilowatt water turbines with a total installed capacity of 16 million kilowatts have been installed in the counties of the Yunnan Province, the world's largest hydroelectric power station, generating an average of 62,443 million kilowatt hours over the years. Water storage began in May 2021 and the first generation started in July 2021.
In March 2023, the project was completed, and the power station was completed, providing electricity mainly to the Chinese and Chinese electricity grids in Huadong, taking into account local electricity needs. The Utungde hydroelectric plant is located on the Kansha River level, located in the district of Lu, Kunming City, Yunnan Province, and in the eastern district of Shanshan County, Sichuan Province.
At the most upstream level, six single-power 850,000 kW of water turbine generators were installed in each of the subsurface plants on the left and left coasts, with a total installed capacity of 10.2 million kW, one of the main hydroelectric plants built under the 13th Five-Year Plan for National Energy Development, with an average of 38.91 billion kWh of electricity generated over the years.
Water storage in the reservoir in July, the first generation in August, the full generation in December 2021, and the construction of the power station, which will be used mainly to provide electricity to Guangdong and Guangxi. Starting in 2020, the two major power stations will be organically active and are expected to be in operation in accordance with the commitments of the tri-gorge group.
Injecting lots into the company is expected to increase its installed capacity by about 58% on the current base, and performance is expected to increase across the board. Assuming that the White Crane Beach, the Utungde power station are profitable, now earns $1102, resulting in a net profit of $489. If the White Crane Beach, the Utungde power station are fully infused,
Figure 33: The promise of cross-cutting growth in corporate performance IV. Blue fundraising values are highlighted, and the diversity of configurations promotes long-term corporate development 4.1. High-scoring red attributes highlight blue-fouling values
High-score red attributes highlight the value of blue. Companies have long maintained a high-score red policy. Since their listing, they have implemented 16 consecutive cash dividends, with cumulative cash shares of $78,331 million, with a 60% red rate, and a wet-saturation share of not less than 70% of the net profit achieved in the year.
67.20%. With sustained high-scoring policies, stable performance and sufficient cash flows, public companies have a strong cash flow and a guaranteed bonus. The company has a strong capacity, a strong export route, a stable profitability, a strong ability to operate and obtain cash, a strong cash flow and a high score.
Policy implementation is assured. The Māori rate has remained at 60 per cent over the years, and the net interest rate has remained at around 40 per cent. The rate is 2.26 per cent, and the larger increase in recent times has been mainly due to the integration of Kawanaga into the construction of a damworker.
Figure 36: Changes in net operating cash flows of companies 4.2. Investment returns are smooth and volatile.
The uncertainty of the river basins and the coming water has an important impact on the company’s electricity production and business performance. The company has built up capital and continuously optimizes the company’s installation structure through its participation in high-quality electricity enterprises such as Hukubei Energy, Guangzhou Development, Shanghai Power, National Power Source, and Kawai Energy. As of the end of June 2018,
The company held 30 equity holdings, with a cumulative balance of 23.9 billion yuan in original investments, and in the first half of the year new foreign investment earnings were stable and smooth water fluctuations had an impact on the company’s performance. The company’s many power companies, which were well equipped and profitable, had performed fairly steadily in recent years.
It is expected that the fire engine unit under the flag of the equity company will benefit. The company will invest in the business during the 13th Five-Year Plan as a priority business area. By the end of June 2018, the company would have received $797 million in disposal revenues measured at fair value.
Revenues are stable and can effectively smooth the impact of fluctuations in water on performance. Figure 40: Net profits from recent years' return from major participating companies.
In 2015, the company prepared the establishment of the Three Gorges Power Company, which established a power distribution company in Chongqing and Hubei, operating in more than 10 provinces and cities, to conduct power distribution operations in the regions where the electricity supply is located; in 2016, the pilot of the incremental distribution operation in the two new areas of the Ganges was approved as the first pilot project for the reform of the incremental distribution operation.