Three-quarter review 2023: consumer electronic recovery, cost control Keywords: #importsubstitution Events: companies published three-quarter reports in 2023, q3 generating $1.41 billion in a single quarter (year-on-year +80%).
The net return to the mother is 450 million yuan (year-on-year +94%) and the big supermarket is expected. Billion dollars, i.e. 80%, ring + 48%, q3 net return to the mother ' s profit of 450 million yuan, i.e. 47% for the single season, mainly as a result of the company ' s cost control and significant income growth.
The economies of scale have led to significant improvements in cost rates, with the company achieving a return in the first quarter of q3 in 2023, mainly due to the following two factors: (1) a gradual recovery in the consumer electronics sector and an improvement in downstream demand; and (2) a gradual release of new company products, leading to corporate revenue and profitability.
The company has a certain accumulation of technology in the field of filters and switches, which will first benefit from the gradual increase in the rate of national production of radio frequency devices.
At the same time, the company is actively building the Fab-lite model, building a long-term competitive advantage by building its own high-end filter production line. The high-performance filter now has the capacity to produce its own product, and the output of products such as difem, l-difem, gps modules of the home-grown filters continues to increase, and has been launched.
Double and quadruple products, which provide companies with a continuous collection. In the future, the trend of national production of radio frequency devices will continue, with companies taking a leading position in the field of domestic radio frequency devices, focusing on research and development. Inputs, orderly advances in the development of high-end filters and high-integration pa modules, as companies do not.
Breaking through technical barriers, improving product layout, and gradually completing customer imports will be able to seize the opportunity of the mid-2023 nationalization and further develop corporate performance.
Queries: Improved performance loops, high-end models l-patid release is imminent and profitability is expected to improve further: the pa module is the largest segmented product market at the front end of the radio frequency, while high-performance high-end pamod technology such as l-patid
Barriers are high, the rate of national production is consistently low, and the market space is wide. The company ' s l-pamid product development is progressing steadily, and it is expected to enter the extension phase by the end of the year, which will further improve the company ' s "Zo Shwe" (300782); pa module will be in full storage.
Profitability. On the other hand, the company started its business with filters and lina, expanding it by constantly improving product layouts, and i-Pamid's technological breakthroughs would be self-controllable for the company in high-integration pa, and the new product would be released immediately.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment ratings: based on the fact that the company is the first in the country to have autonomous control over the radio frequency chain, and the amount of new high-value products released in the immediate future, we maintain the company’s 2023-2025 profit margin.
Measuring. The company is expected to realize a net return profit of 1.114.17 billion yuan ... to maintain a “buy-in” rating.