A record record of high performance in the first quarter of 2303, with a strong corporate profile (30072.sz) (vov: +96 per cent, qoq: +79 per cent) and an overall higher-than-expected growth in performance.
The company achieved a record high performance in the 23q3 quarter, looking forward to the continued growth of the company’s follow-up products. The first half of Prince Road was affected by factors such as the weak demand of the industry, and 2303 by the end of the year, the industry as a whole.
We believe that there are two main factors behind this growth: the issuance of new products by major clients in the second half of the year and the existence of strong barriers to public-sector products, and the fact that the relevant material numbers are largely exclusive and that, as the industry returns, the industry chain and the relevant odm/oem manufacturers have replenished stocks and demand for new aircraft for downstream customers, leading to corporate demand.
We're looking at the company's continuous expansion of the l-difem and l-pamid modules based on the Crawline, and although short-term recognition of the company's depreciation due to the Crawline shift (US$ 8.7 billion depreciation for 23H1), in the long run the company is expected to tap vertical industrial chains for the company's product cost.
L-difem products have increased performance, and future companies have expanded. Under overall cellular pressure, companies have turned back to historically high levels, with Māori levels in the previous three quarters.
We believe that this is mainly a rapid release of corporate module products, and that the company ' s Māori rate has declined in the short term. From the net profit level, the net interest rate of the company ' s 23q3 is 32.07 per cent (yoy:+2.27pct, qoq:+5.84pct), and we believe that the higher net interest rate increase is mainly due to the fall in cost during the q3 period and the large return of the impairment of assets.
The company's l-difem module product is expected to be released continuously, and the l-pamid module product is expected to be invested in continuous research and development. Looking ahead, we think that with the downstream customer's "news plus repossessor" will need to be shown at a relatively deep depth of 300.
According to 23H1, the former company has achieved its own brand max-saw steady-sized output, delivering difem, l-difem.
In addition, the company has launched a single chip multi-frequency filter product, which is already in the production phase. At the same time, the company is increasing its efforts to promote the master collection module l-pamif product, which is used in the 5gnr band, in order to increase penetration and coverage on the client side.
Scope. Mmmbpa module products were launched and are in the process of being sampled and promoted to clients The risk of less demand downstream, the risk of increased competition in the market, and the under-volumeing of new items.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, in a diligent manner and with a clear and accurate reflection of my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Peak, Master of Engineering in Electronics and Communications, Beijing Post and Telecommunications University, and Bachelor of Arts in Engineering, Jilin University. Two years of work experience in electronics, six years of experience in securities, formerly employed in the Department of Securities and Securities in China. Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022 as head of an electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies. Prince Road, Master of Finance and Investment, University of Bristol, United Kingdom, Bachelor of Economics, University of Shandong, two years of experience in science and technology industry, and joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2020.