According to the industry media, on February 14th, the price of its high-end product, RMB 1618 was raised from RMB 709 per bottle to RMB 769 per bottle. The company also recommended a price of RMB 809 \bigcirc for P$ 1618
• Five grain fluids (000858.sz) (1) We believe that this price increase for five grain fluids 1618 is an important step forward in the corporate strategy for high-end products. For example, our average consumer goods industry in Asia and the Pacific
As previously noted, the company reduced its supply by 20 per cent in 2017 to support prices, but plans to expand the summary investment indicators of the five grains can be found in the disclosure section of the present report.
(iii) Microscopic news shows that most distributors' P5 stocks have been emptied at less than RMB 700 due to strong sales during the Spring Festival, indicating that the current inventory is offered at RMB 739
In our view, the recovery in the supply sector has been slower than expected, and consumer tax rates may have been raised and prices reversed.
For information, see the appendix to the information disclosure or contact your investment representative.
I'm the one who contributed to this report. Liao-ho, cfa, five grain fluids (000858.sz)
In addition, no part of my salary has been, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The summary of investments evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the main indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, returns, valuation multipliers and volatility. Growth, returns and valuation multipliers are all calculated using several methods combined to determine the percentage ranking of the unit within the industry in the region. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows:
Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital returns and net asset returns. The valuation multipliers are based on the expected annual valuation ratios, such as market gains, dividends, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, net market rates. Volatility is calculated on the basis of 12 months of historical volatility and adjusted for dividends.
Quantum quantum is a highly specialized database providing the history, projections and ratios of specific financial statement data, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm or for comparison between firms in different industries and markets.
Our selection of leading firms is based on a quantitative analysis of cash returns, industry status, and management levels (effectiveness of corporate governance in managing the environmental, social, and corporate governance aspects facing the industry).
Liao Hae-won, cfa: a-shareconsumerurables, a section of the media, a share of food drinks, a share of Chinese consumer goods, a-shareconsumermurables: Grei Electrics, American Group, Qingdao Haile.a A share of food drinks: Guai Goon, Yoo River Shares, Kotai State, Cebu County old cellar, Qing Qing Qingqiao wine, Shanxi wine, Qingji Island beer (a), five grain fluids.
(a) The media: Au Fung Entertainment, Light Media, Caohua Cable, Hua Weihua, Blue Cursor, South-China Media, Media Division, Guangzhou, Hua Soo Brothers, imax China, Phoenix Media, Music Network, East Min Ju, Technology, Manda House Line, Hua Tseng. Consumer goods in China: Shun Yuan, Light Dairy Industry, Modern Pastorism, Hua Yun Start-up, Mon Niu Dai Industry, Masters ' Stock Holdings, Qingji Island Beer (h), Unity Enterprise, Wangwang China, Wanzhou International, and Eli.
Statutory corporate-related disclosures Non-disclosure of company-specific information on company ratings, research industries and ratings and related definitions of " rmb38.40 "
Manage the list of investments in the region; however, the distribution of purchase and sale ratings in a particular industry may vary according to the decisions of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee.
Less than the historical fundamentals and/or valuations of the scope of the study. Suspension of ratings (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of a sufficient basis for determining investment ratings or price targets, or legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the issuance of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, if any, would no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Suspension of research (cs): We have suspended the company.
No research (nc): We did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. No (nm): this information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report. This report is distributed in China by High China Securities.