Glossy glass (600660.0.sh) c0067@capital.com.tw High dividends development robust, product structure upgrading, internationalization opening up development space
As a leader in the industry, the company performed well, earning yoy+20%, net profits up from yoy+18% in the last three quarters, up from 13.2% of automobile sales in the same period. The company's share of R & D continued to increase, with R & D accounting for up to 30%.
The acceleration of the process of internationalization will enhance firms’ ability to respond quickly to their clients, open up the space for long-term corporate development. We believe that firm development is robust, high dividends (>4%), product structural upgrading and internationalization are effective, and future growth is desirable.
Industry leaders perform well: Fukuyo, as the head of the domestic car glass, is currently growing at 13.2% of the previous three quarters. Net profit is $2.2 billion, yoy + 18%, Māori 43%, up 0.9 pct. Corporate performance remains robust.
Integrative trend studies, the creation of a large product line in the Bulbean Department, the promotion of high-end, optimized product structures, the development of higher-value-added panorama glass, the hud ups of glass, soundproofs, silhouettes, wire-heated glass, infrared glass, abominable glass, ultra-violet isolated glass, etc., full.
Institutional investors account for a share of the flow of a share of the client’s personalized needs. Currently, the functional module integration product is characterized by high value added products, which account for 30% of the revenue.
The ratio of high value-added products to companies is expected to continue to rise. The process of internationalization opens the door to long-term corporate development: the current share of domestic and foreign earnings of corporate products is the Foro Glass – the above-stated index.
Nearly 2:1; overseas projects are well under way, and Fukuo Russian factories will be certified through major European automobile factories as the main production base for the Russian and European markets; Fyo U.S. Eli phmulyn
The Noi Fonfa project was successfully launched, and the Ohio Bacillium project was completed in phase I, and the construction of phase II in the United States will be completed in August 2017, with 5.5 million United States productive units, which will account for nearly 15 per cent of the total production capacity; the cost of natural gas (leaf rock gas) in the United States is about 50 per cent cheaper than in China, and overseas plants are also operating.
More importantly, internationalization plants are close to customers, respond quickly to end demand, and contribute to increasing corporate global city coverage. Companies now account for nearly 15% of the market outside China, far below 65% of the company’s own.
We believe that the process of internationalization will open up the long-term development space of the company.
The expected remuneration (expected return; er) is as follows: Chinaresearchdept. The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. were not made by individual clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.