Glossy Glass (600660.0.sh) c0067@capital.com.tw bright performance, city occupancy increases, internationalization opens up space for development
Yoy+20.68%, net profit increases of 26.46% over the year when the impact of a one-time return tax in 2015 is deducted; public companies now account for 30% of high-value-added products, which ensures a higher Māori rate for their companies. Meanwhile, corporate investments abroad are well under way, and United States orders are fully capable of meeting the company’s productive planning.
The acceleration of the process will enhance the company’s ability to respond quickly to its clients and open up the company’s long-term development space. Performance performance in 2016 is bright, with the city’s share rising further: the company achieved 16.6 billion degrees of revenue in 2016, a one-time recovery of 120 million dollars of the Western Great Development Tax Credit from 2011 to 2014
Continue to maintain a high Māori rate and management level. By region, foreign markets achieve revenues of yoy+23.92%, and domestic markets achieve revenues of yoy+22.36%, increasing faster than Chinese automobile sales.
To adapt, optimize the product structure, develop a more value-added panoramic window glass, hud ups and shows glass, soundproof glass, silk-heated glass, infrared glass, odious glass, ultra-violet partitioned glass, etc., to meet client personality needs. Currently, functional modules are integrated product-specific.
High-value-added products account for 30% of revenue. The rising ratio of high-value-added products has enabled the public to maintain a higher level of gross domestic product.
The income ratio is close to 2:1; overseas projects are well under way, and Fukuo Russian factories will serve as the main production base for the Russian and European markets through the certification of major European automobile factories; construction of German factories has been initiated; Fyo U.S. Illinois Float projects are successfully launched; and Ohio gas is available.
With the completion of the first phase of the Bolivia project and the completion of the second phase of construction in the United States in August 2017, US production capacity of 5.5 million units will account for nearly 15 per cent of the total production capacity; US gas costs will be about 50 per cent cheaper than in China, and overseas plants will significantly reduce transport costs and avoid “double reverses” and so on.
More importantly, the International Chemical Plant (ICC) is close to its clients, is quick to respond to end demand, and has the advantage of increasing corporate global city ownership and opening up the company’s long-term development space. The expected remuneration (expected return; er) is the following:
The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. were not made by individual clients. The report could not be copied or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believed that the information used to prepare the report was reliable, but the information in the report was not independently verified for audit.