Glossy glass (600660): The annual report shows good performance, the overseas market layout offers new opportunities to be carefully recommended (for the first time) and corporate performance as a whole, with significant growth in the main business. Benefiting from the boom in the domestic automobile market, corporate income grew robustly in 2016, and profitability was strong.
There has been a significant increase in motor glass products in battalion operations, with revenues of $16,145 million, or 22.89 per cent, compared to the previous year. The increase in revenue is mainly due to the promotion of energy-saving measures and management efficiency, both domestically and in the export of zeroem sales.
• The Māori rate has increased significantly, and the structure of the company’s products has continued to optimize. The company’s gross company profile (update) has been an increasing share of high-value-added products in the company’s product system during the reporting period.
Products, hud ups show high levels of glass, soundproof glass, hate glass, etc. Value-added products account for 30% of the entire product mix of the company, and as consumption increases, demand for future high-value-added glass products is strong, and companies invest more in research and development.
The internationalization strategy is an important development for companies, and overseas markets have the advantage of energy costs and automation.
The Māori rate is even higher. The company's Ohio factory is now in production, the North American auxiliaries and Russian companies are on a virtuous path, the construction of German factories is starting, and globalization has taken shape. In 2016, the company's overseas revenues reached 5.616 billion.
With the release of real-estate capacity, companies are expected to open up new opportunities for growth. Not 13, 11, and 10 times more.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information and views expressed in the report do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining this report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to anyone.
An independent assessment shall be made, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial position and specific needs, and consult with professional consultants, as necessary, on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc.