The South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (SWIRDC) has increased its focus on decision-making in the company's operations.
In July 2003, Mr. Ye Shu joined Fukuyo and served for 14 years in Fukuyo, and served successively as Deputy General Manager, Supply Manager, Deputy General Manager of the Procurement Department, and Hainan.
Mr. Yashu is the son-in-law of Mr. Cao Dewang, the brother-in-law of Mr. Cao, and, as a member of the Cao Dewan family, Mr. Yashu's selection of a big beam will help to further strengthen corporate decision-making.
Business margins are seven times higher than those of a global competitor. For the last three years, the profit margins have been 22%, far higher.
The profit level of titanium (2%) and titanium (3.2%) has been combined for five years since 2011 at a rate of 3%. We believe that Toyoyoyo could further increase to a per capita output by using the Toyota Leisure Management approach. 16 years of operating income of about 16 billion, without taking into account the asp uplifting (windows, low-lowe glass, hud)
With more than 80 billion dollars in space, the company is expected to rely on its own close proximity to the user’s plant, a small batch of billions of dollars, which is twice the size of the company’s income in 2016. High value-added products have further increased their income size and Māori ratio.
The price compound rose by nearly 4%, with a 6% increase in 16 years as a single item for auto parts and components, and showed a strong push for higher value-added products over the overall unit price level. He was also rich in shareholders, with a stable share of dividends.
In the near future, companies have made every profit forecast and investment proposal since 2008. Companies are the world's leading players, and are the ones that we think best to interpret the industry's leading definition of components.
In the next three years, the net profit net return has increased by more than 15% and the dividends have stabilized at 4.5%.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.