Erie shares (600887.sh) Erie shares (I): How can the path of the king continue?
Traditional business: The dairy industry has grown in size, the front-runners have benefited from the Mathetic Effect dividend. The dairy industry has remained stable and expanded at a faster scale, and has experienced multiple rounds of competition, creating today’s double oligarchic pattern.
In our judgement, at this stage, Eli’s income will continue to grow at a faster rate in double digits, mainly as a result of the rapid growth and increase in the share of the market, which includes the breakdown of priority products such as Ammush, Goldcord, etc.
Vision: Towards diversification and the creation of a global production and marketing platform
We believe that the world's milk taps, including Dare, Nestlé, are rich in product lines, that Eli, as the largest dairy tap in the country and in Asia, is the only way to grow. With the branding effect of the company for many years, and a well-developed marketing network, whether new or not, the company has developed, it has been able to grow.
Milk products and other healthy foods are expected to replicate the growth path of the company’s existing star products. Corporate development has always been based on a globalization perspective, with investment in mergers and acquisitions, and strategic inputs into the company’s global milk supply management and global operations.
This approach is keeping pace with the current trend of domestic consumers’ increasing consumption of high-end dairy products. The end benefits from the fine-tuning of the costs of the program’s spending, which coincides with the changes in the rates of Elie’s and Monx’s, but lower rates of Elife’s cost; and, after the fine-tuning of the costs, the cost of the program’s cost.
The advertising rate has increased only slightly in recent years, and is significantly lower than that of Monx. Eli’s advertising rate has continued to grow, in return for the powerful leverage that comes from accurate advertising. In effect, at the end of the pipeline, Eli covers 160 million households, with a 90.9% penetration rate, which is also higher than that of competitors.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals are over-expected, leading positions are being consolidated, and the Ely valuation is basically at a lower level than the valuations of major marketed dairy companies.
Ely shares: rapid growth in revenue, at a value of 28.32x compared to the company ' s current pe (ttm) since April 27, 2010, estimated food safety: higher-than-anticipated cost increases due to fluctuations in upstream milk prices: increased competition in the industry
Risks: Macroeconomic fluctuations lead to a higher-than-expected decline in demand in the sector: market volatility risk: progress in overseas operations The Eli valuation is generally at a lower level than the valuation of major listed dairy companies in both the shares and the Hong Kong stock markets.The company ' s current pe (ttm) is 28.32 x compared to the historical valuation, which has been evaluated since 27 April 2010
1) The company’s operating income will continue to grow at a faster rate, including higher brands such as gold medals, Ammush, gold crowns, etc. 2) The rise in milk prices puts some pressure on the cost, but structural upgrading will lead to a slight increase in the Māori rate. The growing size of the dairy industry and the Matthews effect will enable leading firms to enjoy higher industry growth and share.
We believe that, at this stage, as a leading dairy company, the company’s revenues will continue to grow faster in double digits, mainly as a result of the rapid growth and increase in the share of the market, which has been broken down into priority products, including Ammush, gold medals, etc. Markets are concerned that Elie’s excessive cost growth is delaying performance, and we believe that cost growth will affect the firm’s net profits in the short term.
The level, and more detail, is that the market share of priority products is increasing, and the end-covering capacity is increasing. The spending of billions, not just the pressure on itself, is equally applicable to competitors. In the long run, as the market concentration rises further, the advantage of the poles emerges that the market is going to change from quantitative to qualitative, and we can even change the current cost.
Investment to the average is seen as a capital expense, an investment in market shares and future returns. Key brands such as Ammush, gold medals, and branding have grown rapidly.
After years of development, the company has become the largest dairy company in the country and even in Asia.
On March 12, 1996, Eli’s shares were officially placed on the market as the first market share of dairy companies. Since they were listed, the company’s size and profitability have risen rapidly, and it is a high-quality white horse that returns to shareholders through a bonus.
The dairy sector: growth in size and competitiveness structure are the leading and exclusive dividends (i) there is still room to dig deep on the scale of demand. In 2018, the national dairy industry generated $339.9 billion in sales, an increase of 11 per cent over the same period; the total profit is 23 billion yuan.
Dairy products are an optional consumer in our country, and as consumption capacity increases and consumption structures move up, the size of the demand for dairy products is opened. There is an increase in milk consumption per capita.
According to the United States Department of Agriculture, our consumption of liquid milk accounts for only about 8% of global consumption, 56% in the United States, and 44% in the European Union. According to Nelson, our consumption of liquid milk per capita is about one-third of the global average.
The consumption structure of the three- or four-line urban and rural areas is rising as consumption capacity increases. Currently, the per capita consumption of milk products in rural areas is much lower than that of urban residents, and there is much room for urban and rural consumption to escalate in the future as urbanization progresses.
As people grow in consumption capacity and focus on healthy diets, brand brands will use their channel advantage and card visibility to further increase market penetration. At the same time, leading firms ease cost pressures through product restructuring and product high-end.
According to Nelson's data, the market for organic milk increased by 16.4 per cent by the same year in 2018; adult milk powder increased by 16.7 per cent by the same year, and the introduction of a higher price of pyrolytic milk, which is a strong indication of the high consumer acceptance of high-end products, with domestic yogurt sales exceeding milk sales by 2017.
(ii) Increased concentration in the industry, with a growing competitive advantage for double oligarchs, the dairy industry forms a double oligarchic pattern of Elie and Monx, with a clear trend towards a head-to-head concentration. Eli and Monx are the first to achieve $10 billion in income cuts in 2005. In comparison with other dairy enterprises, Eli has grown over the last 10 years, except for the past 10 years.
But growth by more than two digits was maintained outside 2016, guaranteeing smooth and faster growth over a long period of time, showing a firm’s excellent business management capacity, able to respond robustly to industrial fluctuations, and maintain rational expansion. When competitive patterns in the sector appear to be double-digit, leading firms can build high barriers with scale effects.
The upstream market pattern of dairy enterprises is fragmented, leading firms have a certain bargaining power over upstream insurance, while downstream firms have a price-fixing capacity over high-end products in relation to rising consumption. As a result, leading firms have higher gross interest rates than other firms in the industry, as well as higher risk tolerance.
Since then, both Monx and Eli have been in a cost-expanding cycle. Billions, if not billions of dollars in expenditure, are beyond the reach of small and medium-sized dairy companies. If the leader continues to enforce the expansion costs as a competitive tool, it may affect the growth of his own profits in the short term, but if the competitor is unable to follow them, the long-term consequences will be crowding out.
The market share of the other competitors. Bieli, Monx, and Light, when the cost rate is higher than the other two, the rate of gain and gain is able to keep pace with it, and once the cost rate of the opponent is raised, the rate of gain and gain is immediately lost.
(iii) Milk prices will rise mildly, and milk prices will remain under pressure, starting in the second half of 2018, after falling and underestimating fluctuations in previous years, with a marked increase in upstream milk prices, peaking year by year. Supply has grown faster as the stock of cows increased in previous years, and single milk production has increased.
As a result of the tightening of environmental policies, the upstream cow stock has been able to grow again in the last two years. Given a combination of milk price fluctuations and policy changes, the number of small and medium-sized pastures has declined significantly in recent years, and the overall stock has declined.
We expect that the price of milk as a whole will show a moderate upward trend, with little probability of a sharp rise. Specifically, in terms of farm-raising costs, the cost of cow-raising is mainly attributable to feed costs, which, in terms of total production costs and costs, account for more than 6% of the annual cost of single-cow concentrate versus the annual cost of crude feed.
Measles, soybeans, herbs, and herbs, which depend on imports, are subject to import policy and import price fluctuations. Forage costs for corn, sorghum, and soybeans are close to 4:2 per cent. Domestic maize production is abundant and prices are mildly rising.
Upstream supply is expected to run into a cycle of upswings. After a decline in cow stock, output is gradually cleared, and even parts of the country experienced milk shortages in the second half of 2018, and original milk prices are on the rise.
International milk prices are back in 2015. The Dutch Cooperative Bank, whose latest forecast for 2019 is that global milk production will be at a new low since 2016.
As the price of milk rises, the pressure on the end of feed costs temporarily does not increase significantly, which will promote incentives for farming; environmental policies will become more normal, upstream cow production is expected to expand, and future levels of original milk supply are expected to warm. The increased share of modulated pastures and the long-term collaboration of large dairy companies with pastures will help to protect against sharp fluctuations in milk prices.
For dairy companies, there is still pressure to increase the price of the end-of-the-end milk. If the cost is only moderate, the long-term collaboration of the company with large pastures can help secure the milk source and mitigate the cost by raising prices and moving the structure of the product upwards.
In addition, leading firms have the initiative to raise prices to cope with rapid cost increases. Thirdly, Ily: structural upgrading, diversified development, long-term focus of products, structural upgrading for performance growth
The company’s main products include liquid milk, milk powder and dairy products, and cold drinks. In 2018, total liquid milk revenues reached the firm’s ability to mitigate cost pressures by appropriate price increases and structural upgrades.
The growth of priority brands is an important driver of corporate structure upwards. In 2018, corporate income from priority products grew by 34.73%, significantly higher than the overall growth in corporate operating income, which accounted for nearly half of the total company income.
The company’s gold-column organic hot milk is 44.1% in the corresponding market segment; according to Ewe, the average-temperature milk Ammosh brand has the highest share in the yoghurt market of 17.5%. Through its New Zealand base, the company produces formula powder and high-quality warm milk, which is introduced into the domestic market.
Targeting high-end consumer demand for better milk sources and better quality for domestic consumers. Thus, while rising milk prices and the price of packaging materials in 2018 put some upward pressure on companies, the overall Māori ratio remains small by shifting product structures, developing priority and new product operations, and mitigating cost pressures.
(ii) Diversified development, building healthy food platforms, building on the traditional milk industry, and increasing efforts to diversify, in 2018, the company created a new department of healthy drinking and cheese. We believe that the world milk, including the Dalden, Nestlé, etc.
With its rich product lines, Eli, the largest dairy leader in the country and in Asia, takes advantage of the deep-farming domestic market for many years to opt for diversified development. With its many years of branding experience and improved marketing networks, new areas and products are expected to replicate the growth path of the company’s dairy products.
In choosing a new product, the company will, on the one hand, take into account the synergies between the product and the company’s existing business, and on the other hand, focus on the growthability of the area of product disaggregation. For example, the introduction of “selection” soy milk in early 2018 is a consideration of the rapid rise in domestic demand for boxed soy milk and the start-up of the industry.
In addition, the company will invest $740 million to build a Long White Hills mineral water project and cut into a mineral water track. According to Ewe, the market for bottled water in 2018 was 1,453 million yuan, and the market for natural mineral water 47,763 million yuan.
Over the next five years, compound growth has reached 9.3 per cent and 11.1 per cent, respectively, and the company has moved into this fast-growing area and has selected high-quality natural mineral water sources that are in line with the strategic layout of the company's distribution of healthy drinking products. (iii) Internationalization vision, building a global platform for production and marketing
Eli has become the largest in Asia, the world’s top 10 dairy companies, but global internationalization is still at an early stage, compared to the international milk giants of Nestlé and Dalden. Corporate development has always been based on a globalization perspective, with M & As investing, and strategic inputs to corporate global milk supply control and global operations.
Eli also takes full advantage of its overseas production capacity to serve the domestic market. Oceania produces a new generation of babies and young children, and formula powders, “Golden Creature”, “Golden Fair” New Zealand imports milk, and “Berfiland” milk are listed in the country. This approach is meeting current trends in consumer consumption of high-end dairy products.
It is an efficient combination of domestic and international R & D, production and marketing networks that truly form organic, stereo, production and marketing (iv) compared to competitors, and sales costs are used more efficiently. The sales costs of companies consist mainly of wages, transportation costs, advertising costs, etc. since 2015.
The price of sales rose rapidly, mainly as a result of the increase in advertising costs, while the rate of other sales costs did not change much. The competitive rate of advertising against Monx also increased.
Eli's choice is for top-level pops in sports, culture, etc., and he's got a lot of power, but he's got a lot of money, and he's got a lot of money. He's holding hands for the 2008 Summer Games and the 2022 Winter Olympics, the 2010 Shanghai World Expo and the 2015 Milan World Expo, and he's got a name and a lot of sponsorship.
With its precise marketing orientation, it has succeeded in shaping a number of new pop-up items. For example, it has sponsored a lot of grains from the Wonders and Ipl contests that young consumers like, and many years ago, the name of the Run-Man series, and the title of the Singer series.
We see that Eli’s new product is launched at a little later than his competitors, but that it can catch up. Typical examples include Ammush’s ability to fast-track latercomers in the warm yogurt milk competition, with a lot of sophisticated online marketing.
Without considering the cost of advertising, we compare the rates of sale of Elie and Monx, the non-advertisement marketing rates of Elie in the last 10 years have increased only slightly, and the rates of Monx have increased considerably, indicating that Eli has more control over other sales costs. Given more robust income growth, and end penetration, we believe that Eli’s sales costs are used more efficiently.
From 2014 to 2018, the number of direct control points at the company level reached 608,000 by the end of 2018, up from 110,000 in 2015. According to the Caddy index, 90.9% of households as a whole reached 90.1% in 2018, and the number of households covered rose by 4.1% to 160 million;
Among the fast-discharge rankings, the ranking is second only to that of the Pocahontas Group, and the competitor Monx is third, with a penetration rate lower than Eli 2.1 percentage points. The penetration rate of the usual-temperature milk has risen from 75.74 per cent to 82.30 per cent, with the company ' s major product markets steadily rising with increased advertising input and sunk channels.
In 2018, the market for infant and child milk was 36.8%, 16.6%, 5.8% respectively, with a significant increase in sales costs with Eli, which, while affecting the firm ' s net interest rate level in the short term, would facilitate the rapid diffusion of new and priority products and capture the market share.
In the short term, despite a downward trend in revenue from the media advertising industry in 2019 and a cautious move in the promotion of the polymagnetic advertising industry, we expect that dairy taps will continue to use media advertising as a very important marketing tool, such as the increase in the Monx.
In addition to being in the Beijing Olympic cycle, we judge that the company’s advertising costs will continue to rise in absolute terms, and advertising and even sales rates will remain at a relatively high level. In the long run, as market concentration increases further, the dominant advantage is that the city’s share will change from quantitative to qualitative.
We can even visualize the current cost of investment as a capital expense, an investment in market shares and future returns. 1) Corporate operating revenues will continue to grow faster, including higher brands such as gold fairs, Ammush, gold crowns, etc.
2) The increase in the price of milk puts some pressure on the cost, but structural upgrades will lead to a slight increase in the Māori rate.The Eli valuation is generally lower than the valuation of major dairy companies in both the shares and the Hong Kong stock markets.The company ' s current pe (ttm) is 28.32x compared to the historical valuation, which has been evaluated since 27 April 2010
70% split. Therefore, we maintain an “uptake” rating. psband food safety; higher-than-expected cost increases due to upstream milk price fluctuations; increased risks associated with industry competition; macro
Observing economic fluctuations leads to an over-expected decline in demand in the industry; market volatility risks; and less than expected progress in overseas operations.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.