In the first three quarters of 2017, net profits increased by 24.49 per cent on a year-on-year basis in the seafood industry (603288) and on the evening of 26 July 2017, three quarterly reports were issued, yielding operating income of 108.46 billion yuan, an increase of 21.04 per cent on a year-on-year basis; and net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of 2,539 million yuan, the same amount.
Quarterly corporate revenues of $3.408 billion, an increase of 22.09 per cent over the same period; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $716 million, an increase of 29.42 per cent over the same period, a gain of $0.26 per share.
The company’s products have remained well marketed in the previous three quarters, the channels have sunk, and soy sauce, oil consumption, and sauce are expected to grow at double-digit rates. The diets have been warming since 2016 at 3q, and there are clear signs of recovery, while the sea has an absolute advantage over the catering channels, and will benefit more from the recovery in sales of the reheating belts.
In response to rising consumption and increasing the proportion of high-end products and the breakdown of expanded products, prices were raised at the beginning of the year, together with higher-end sales of soy sauce, which led to an increase in the company’s Māori level. The company’s capacity has exceeded 2 million tons, and it is now expanding for the future as a result of the transformation of the original plant and the completion of the Jiangsu plant.
On the basis of business data, the company ' s Māori ratio increased slightly by 0.49 percentage points to 45.38 per cent in the previous three quarters, while the cost of sales increased by 35.62 per cent as a result of increased advertising fees and freight and promotion fees, while the cost of the period increased slightly less than 2 q, but the cost of marketing dropped and net profit increased at a higher rate than 2 q.
The sea sky is the absolute boss of the appetizer industry, especially in the area of soy sauce, and it has a larger channel for more sticky, less expensive marketing, a wide and deep area of trade and circulation, and a very high penetration rate, followed by a s07905141001.
Companies have higher brands and higher consumer recognition for products such as soy sauce and aphid oil in their domestic consumer groups. Company channels have responded to rising consumption by opening up consumer groups, enriching product systems, and changing consumption age by means of popular philosophies.
A generation enhances brand image and brand penetration of major products. From this perspective, even in the stock market, open-source securities, Inc., are still less concentrated in the domestic market by reference to competition in the foreign taste industry.
It can continue to expand its market share through competitiveness, such as product upgrading and product-type expansion. The company has already opened multi-city gate B, 5th floor, strategic layout, extended expansion, and powerful channel capacity in the sea, which will further consolidate the company's spices.
The position of the conglomerate giants. We look forward to the company’s vanguard position in the industry, its robust operation, its powerful canal capacity, its future potential for higher-end innovations and class enrichment to boost profits, and look forward to more of the company’s outreach initiatives.
Figure 2: The history of the seafood industry pb. Figure 1: The seafood industry historype is self-qualified for securities investment consultancy or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce the present report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, direct or indirect disclosure of company-related information as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
(a) In the six-month period following the reporting date, the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index was defined as follows:
Underweight: Industry is weaker than overall market performance.