Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco Income, continued high profit growth, advance collection and guaranteed four-quarter performance
In three quarters alone, corporate income grew by 22.09 per cent, continuing the positive growth momentum of the first half of the year, while net profits grew by 29.30 per cent, the best increase in the last nine quarters. Income and profits continued to grow at a high rate, largely for several reasons: companies raised prices for 80 per cent of their products in the first half of the year.
The price increase is about 5%; at the same time, the restructuring of product sales has pushed up the overall tonnage price. Throughout the year, income has benefited from the rapid rise in bid prices, which has increased markedly over the same year, while the increase in the Maori rate has increased significantly since the price was raised to ensure a greater margin of profit; and, secondly, companies have continued to cultivate their channels.
It has also increased the cost of spending, with obvious results; third, downstream demand is warming, companies are leading the industry, and the market share is rising rapidly. At the end of the third quarter, company advance payments increased by 928 million yuan, the ring increased by 40 per cent from the second quarter, and the channel increased by 40 per cent.
Total equity/flow (millions of shares) is further enhanced. The current channel stock is reasonable, with total market value/flow (millions) after the four-quarter sales season.
Performance is expected to continue to grow at a high rate. In the previous four quarters, the income base had been higher, and the seafood industry (603288), the seafood industry 2017, was reported, and net profit growth was expected to be higher than expected.
Re-innovation of Māori rates in three quarters alone, price increases and restructuring of sales continue to work.
Quarterly review: double-digit growth in performance, after price increases, the Māori sales rate for the third quarter of the company list is 46.45%, with a high innovation over the second quarter of the year of 45.13%. Reasons for the continued increase in Māori rates include: first, the direct increase in product prices at the beginning of the year.
The seafood industry (603288), The Year's Review of the Seafood Industry: Rates; Second, sales restructuring has led to an increase in the share of high Maori products and an increase in overall tonnage prices; Soy sauce growth is higher than expected, and this year's performance is assured.
Third, the gradual release of new and more efficient productive capacities has increased productivity efficiency and Māori rates. - Vision four quarters - 2017/03/23, the impact of price increases on Māori rates remains and marketing structures are still in place.
With the rapid increase in the share of profitable high-end sauce vinegar products, Māori rates are expected to increase further, creating more room for corporate profitability. Revenue increases are ahead of sales costs, cost effectiveness improves, and sales costs fall on the same scale.
The increase in corporate sales costs in the three quarters alone was 13.94 per cent over the same period, less than the increase in revenue and better cost-effectiveness. From the percentage of sales, the three-quarter sales cost was 15.90 per cent, and the ring comparison was mainly to reduce the impact of price increases on sales, especially during the lower seasons of sales.
In terms of effectiveness, increased sales costs, especially higher push, have had a clear effect on increasing the size of the company’s sales and increasing the market share. In the future, companies are expected to be affected by higher human costs in the third quarter of a single year as price increases are absorbed at the administrative cost level.
More often. In the first three quarters, the management fee rate was still reasonable, and the fluctuations in management costs were within the bounds of control.
The seafood industry builds barriers to competition based on brands, channels, and scalding advantages. On the product, the structure is constantly optimized and new products are expanded on the basis of soy sauce, sauce and oil consumption.
A diversified product mix is formed: regionally, the South and East China regions maintain a subsidence of the network, while at the same time strengthening the development of other regions. Over the longer term, corporate performance is expected to increase at a pace that can be expected; price volatility of raw materials; deterioration of the marketing environment; and food safety issues.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.