It's really growing, and it's high-valued, Mahobo, and the seafood industry has published a 17-year three-quarters report, yielding $10.8 billion, or 21.0 per cent more than the previous year; it's homecoming.
Contributions include an increase in the Māori rate by 1.6 pct and a decrease in the cost of sales by 1.1 pct; negative impact on management
The cost rate is 1.7 pct.
It is estimated that 3q17 soy sauces and aphid oils have been growing at a high rate of more than 20 per cent on a year-to-year basis; the sauce continues to be nationalized and the Maori rate continues to improve, with a steady increase in net interest rates. The 3q17 Maori rate, compared to the Biti 1.6 pct, should be related to price increases, product structural upgrades, scale effects, etc. The sales cost rate is 15.9 per cent.
1.7 pct, which may be associated with quarterly confirmation points; the financial cost rate of 0.1 pcc is almost equal to no more than one billion and the same ring ratio is up. For the future, product upgrades, scale effects, technological changes, etc., can still drive Māori ups, the cost rate is stable, and the profitability continues to improve.
China has completed a nationwide layout covering more than 300 local municipalities, more than 1,000 county markets, and 330,000 endpoints. It is now pushing up the canal density, placing a lot of advertising to raise its brand image and strengthen its competitive edge.
More than 2 million tons of capacity, 1 million tons of capacity planned by Jiangsu base, and the first stage of production of the aphid oil has been put into production, generating more than 300 million dollars in revenue and making a profit. The acquisition of the town vinegar plant indicates the opening of a variety of products, with a leading position of 28 times higher; the sea weather valuation is rising, probably because of the rapid increase in the taste and prospects;
Strong performance, defined growth, low concentration of industry, high growth space, high sea-based brands and channel barriers, and continuing competitive advantage 3.
Strengthened; with platform business potential, it is likely that in the future it will rely on external growth to become an integrated food giant. Seeing the potential for development and maintaining an “enhanced” investment rating, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a securities investment advisory committee.