RESEARCH RESOURCES AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESOURCES SURVEY (600027.sh) Bought (first rating) Coal combustion, financial costs double down, and improved valuation of profits is expected to return
The price of electricity has fallen, and the performance of 3q2019 has continued to improve: the 3q2019 company’s electricity production has been affected more by the decline in power generation in Shandong Province, but total electricity production has continued to grow by 2%, and settlement prices have risen by 2%. The price of 3q2019 has continued to fall, resulting in a net return of 2.513 billion yuan to the mother, an increase of 60%.
The growth in electricity consumption in 2020 will continue to be about 5 per cent higher than in 2020, as a result of trade frictions and cool summer patterns. In 2020, electricity generation from non-fossil energy sources is expected to decline in general, with a national increase of 66 hours in the use of fire power. The company will be exposed to electricity from fire in Shandong Province.
The supply and demand pattern has had a negative impact, with the number of hours spent on fire and electricity expected to decline by no more than 70 hours in 2020. In recent years, company market-based settlement prices have been rising, and according to the company ' s construction progress and production plan, it is expected that 1 million kilowatts per year will be put into operation in 2020 and 2021, with multiple profit- and advantage-free factors.
Coal supply is expected to decline by 50 yuan per ton, Hoji railway is operational, and the cost of coal used by companies is declining steadily: 3q2019 power coal imports at a cumulative rate of 17 per cent and 6 per cent, respectively: coal fixed asset investments at a cumulative rate of 26 per cent, power coal prices continue to drop, coal supply easing patterns are determined, forecast
The price of coal will continue to fall in the medium- and long-term. The Hoji railway has reached a distance of more than $20 per ton of coal freight in transit to the north of the lake, compared to the pre-carriage route. The company’s coal cost of qhdq5500 is 1.25, the largest of comparable counterparts, and will continue to benefit from falling coal prices.
The continuing decline in financial costs is abundant, and the valuation is expected to return to its historical average: companies are building: 3q2019 capital expenditure is 37% lower than in the same period last year, and future corporate cash flows will become more abundant. The company pb is now only 0.82 times more valued, ranking third in the 14 coal companies.
The price of electricity is higher than expected: more electricity is expected from outside Shandong Province; the production of nuclear units in the province is ahead of schedule; the economy is rising.
One, one of the country’s largest fire power companies, has entered a new upward cycle of 1.1 fire power companies based in Shandong and deployed throughout the country.
One of the largest fire power companies in the country, the real controlr, is the China Electric Group. It is one of the largest coal-generating companies in the country. It is the only power-fired platform of one of the “Five Power Groups” that produces electricity. As of the end of September 2019, the first shareholder, China Electric Group, held 46.84% of the company.
The company’s main business is electricity production, with a holding capacity of 51.7 million kW. The company’s business portfolio includes electricity production, heating and coal sales: electricity production accounted for the year in 2018.
In total, 5157.05 kilowatts, the installed capacity of coal machines, combustion engines, wind-light solar energy, etc., is shown in figure 2: The structure of the HEDI (in 2018, thousands of kilowatts) has steadily increased, with the net profit cyclical fluctuations. Over the past 10 years, the company ' s operating income has been steady.
Growth, from 36.7 billion yuan in 2009 to 88.4 billion yuan in 2018, with cagr reaching 10 per cent; the company ' s operating income for the first three quarters of 2019 was 67,457 million yuan, an increase of 4 per cent over the same period.
Industry has entered a new boom, and companies have benefited from changing supply and demand patterns in the industry, with 3q2019 achieving a net return of 2.5 billion yuan, a significant increase of 60 per cent over the previous year.
Over the past seven years, the company ' s total installed capacity has grown steadily, from 3,358 million kW at the end of 2012 to 5,354,000 kW at the end of June of 2019, an increase of 33.78 per cent at the end of the year.
In recent years, companies have been developing cleaner energy sources, wind power, solar energy, and so on, with a rapid increase in installed capacity. By the end of December 2018, the public sector was growing rapidly.
The share of clean energy installed in the driver ' s structure was 22 per cent; the share of hydropower, wind and solar energy in the power generation structure reached 6.66 per cent in 2018.
The ratio of power units, 300,000 kW, decreased from 20.6 per cent in 2016 to 19.2 per cent in the first half of 2019, with a ratio of high parameters of 600,000 kW and above, with a ratio of large power units
Figure 9: The efficiency of electricity generation is increasing and the consumption of electricity and coal is decreasing. Companies are phasing out inefficient and energy-intensive units, leading to a reduction in overall electricity consumption. In 2015, companies were using 305.77 g/kWh to power coal.
By the first half of 2019, the company ' s electricity consumption had fallen to 294.92 g/kWh: a decrease of 3.55 per cent from 10.85 g/kWh in 2015. The company ' s fuel cost in 2018 was 45 billion yuan, and a reduction in coal consumption per unit of electricity could save about 1.6 billion yuan in fuel costs.
Figure 11: Electricity consumption has declined year by year (g/kWh) 1.3 electricity prices have increased slightly, the price of coal has offset the downward impact of electricity, and performance in 2019 has continued to improve 2q2019, with a 20% decline in power generation in Shandong Province, which has slowed the overall increase in electricity generation.
In Shandong Province, which had the highest capacity (39%), electricity consumption increased at a similar rate of 2.37%, 5.88% and 0.1% in the single month of July-September, respectively, and demand for electricity was weaker. On the supply side, the supply side, the supply side, the supply side, the supply side, the supply side, the supply side, the supply side, of the supply side, of the foreign power supply in Shandong Province, increased at the same rate as in the previous three quarters.
More than 30%. The number of hours spent on the company’s fleet has been more severe. With a clear impact on both supply and demand, the company’s electricity generation in Shandong Province dropped by 20.15% in the third quarter of the year, and its total electricity generation in the previous three quarters grew by only 1.96% in the first half of the year, with an increase in installed capacity of 8.66%.
The increase in revenue is higher than the increase in electricity, mainly due to an average of 1.99% increase in electricity prices in the last three quarters. At the same time as the increase in the market share of electricity is increasing, the increase in the settlement price reflects the resilience of electricity prices.
Figure 13: Fire power generation in Shandong Province fell by 20% in the third quarter of the company Figure 12: Power generation in the third quarter of the company fell by 4% — below the coal price to raise the Māori ratio and lower financial costs to achieve positive performance growth by 2019
The increase of 4.89 per cent in the third quarter was due mainly to the increase in the capacity of the installed capacity, which resulted in the increase in electricity generation, mainly due to the decrease in the cost of coal use, which resulted in a 7.40 per cent reduction in the average price of the powered coal flats on the island of Qin in the third quarter of 2019 compared to the previous year. The financial cost fell from $4.02 billion in the previous period to $3.907 billion.
The price of coal and the financial costs have gone down simultaneously, and the company has achieved a net return in the last three quarters.
2.1 Electricity use has slowed temporarily, and the long-term growth trend has remained constant. • The first three quarters of power use has slowed down. In the first three quarters of 2019, electricity consumption in the society as a whole increased by 4.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with a sharper decline of 4.1 percentage points compared to the previous year.
The economic slowdown caused by trade frictions and the higher base figure of 2018 were the main causes of the decline in electricity use. In March 2018, trade friction between the US and the United States intensified, the domestic economy was affected, and the gdp boom followed in 2016.
Given the impact of tariff escalation, firms will export before the clock arrives, so the rate of electricity increase will remain high in 2018 in the face of economic downturns. The rate of economic growth and the correlation of electricity to secondary production is high, and in the context of the economic downturn, the rate of electricity increase in secondary production was significant in the last three quarters of 2019.
The second reason for the fall in electricity was the cooler summer temperature in 2019. This summer, Chinese, East-East, North-East, and North-East China had cooler temperatures, generally lower than the same period in 2018.
At 1-2 degrees centigrade, the demand for cooling has declined considerably. In summer-time electricity use, the temperature-reducing load has reached more than 40% of the total negative charge; generally cooler temperatures have somewhat reduced the rate of electricity use this year.
The ratio of electricity to electricity supply has increased steadily, rising from 23% in 2010 to 32% in the first three quarters of 2019. While the economy has slowed down the rate of electricity growth in the second generation, the rate of electricity consumption has continued to grow at a very high rate.
In the last three quarters of 2019, electricity was growing by 8.7% and 6.3%, respectively, higher than the overall increase in electricity use in the society as a whole. At the same time, electricity accounted for a steady increase in the energy consumption structure of the country – the rate of electrification.
Upgraded. Based on the assumption of increasing electrification rates and economic growth of around 6%, 2.2 additional loaders have a reduced impact, the number of hours of fire power use is expected to increase, environmental policies are becoming more stringent, and the addition of new heaters is expected to slow down.
After that, several provinces, such as Shandong, Shanxi, Zhejiang, and Henan, began to “control coal” and implement the Action Plan for the Prevention and Control of Pollution from the Air.
In the context of State control of total energy consumption, optimization of energy consumption structures, and a focus on air pollution control, the increase in the power installed on fire has slowed or will become a long-term trend. Economic hydropower development has been completed, and there will be very limited future additions.
In the “Thirteen Power Bases”, which have a capacity of more than half of the country's total planned capacity of about 286 million kilowatts, the capacity of which is now 155 million kilowatts, the capacity of which is 62 million kilowatts, and the capacity of which is already being built and is in the process of being built is 76 percent.
And the development order of the hydroelectric plants is usually easy and the remaining hydropower resources with economic development value are not much left. Around 2021, Utund, White Crane Beach, the mouths of the two rivers, and the Yang Trench will continue to be operational, and no large hydroelectric plants are expected to become operational thereafter.
Figure 19: A small recovery in the rate of increase in electricity generation from fire and electricity in 2020
At the end of June 2019, we had 45 nuclear power units with a capacity of 45.9 million kilowatts, 11 units with a capacity of 12.18 million kilowatts. According to the “135” plan for electricity development, nuclear power plants will reach 58 million kilowatts by 2020.
Eight nuclear units, along the Red River and Tanagawa, are expected to be completed by the end of 2021 at the earliest. The remaining four units are expected to be completed by the end of 2022 or later, and the target of 58 million kilowatts of nuclear power capacity will be achieved by 2022 at the earliest, approximately two years behind schedule.
The two-year lag period will provide a buffer period for the units in which the nuclear power plant is located.  New energy installed in low hours and low stability of power generation. New energy installed in wind power and solar installed capacity have grown faster in recent years, with a rapid increase in electricity generation to 7.7% in 2018.
The number of hours spent on wind and solar power in 2018 is 1986 and 1016, respectively, and remains low compared to 4305 hours spent on fire power. For the stability of electricity generation, wind power and solar power generation equipment are limited to wind power, respectively.
The natural conditions, such as sunlight, are less stable, and fire power is still needed as a backup power source, and the power supply is stable and sustainable. In a short time, the main power supply is still the power source, the power source is still the power source, the supply and demand are tight, and the number of hours spent is expected to increase slightly.
Thirty-three million kilowatts, no new nuclear power units in production, and only a small Utungde power plant in large hydroelectric plants will be generating power in the second half of the year. The overall supply and demand of electricity will tighten, the number of hours of fire power will be expected to rise in 2.3 marketed and traded electricity prices will continue to rise, and the impact of the “base + floating” new deal will be limited.
On March 22, 2015, the State Department published " Some Opinions for Deepening Electricity Reforms " , which opened a new cycle of electricity transformation. The share of electricity traded by the Chinese international market rose steadily, and as of the third quarter of 2019, the company power supply was rising steadily.
The market share of the power trade has reached 51.7% and is at a higher level. In 2016, the first full year of market-based transactions, the company ' s combined settlement price fell considerably, from $424.97/megawatt hours to $380/megawatt hours, a 10% drop.
In the first three quarters of 2019, the combined settlement price gradually recovered to $413.59/megawatt hour. In 2016, as in the case of company fires, there was a sharper decline in electricity prices, followed by a year-on-year rise. The supply and demand pattern shifted from easing to less than 5% in most provinces.
The price of part of the coal electricity market traded by large power generation groups has continued to rise, rising from 0.3124/kWh to 0.3406/kWh at the beginning of the period. In a context of rising levels of electricity traded on the market, coal electricity settlement prices have been rising, reflecting a tightening of electricity supply, and the city has been experiencing an increase in electricity consumption.
Field supply and demand are tight and do not support large discounts, the value of which is higher than the currently settled electricity prices  marketed tradable electricity prices ($/kWh)  the introduction of a new power pricing mechanism. The ratio of marketed electricity by HCI is expected to be 2019
To reach about 51%, assuming that 100% of the marketed portion is coal power. The market share of the company ' s coal power is 60%, and the priority share is assumed to be 20%, and the maximum marketable share is 20% next year. Considering that the remaining unmarketed part of the electricity users are small and medium-sized businesses that are not sensitive to the price of electricity,
Households have no leverage in the negotiations between the two sides, and we expect that next year the company's new market access department for coal power will be affected on both sides of the supply and demand side, Shandong will either use the hours or will be down, 3.1 transmission capacity will rise rapidly, and foreign power will be higher than local power supply.
In January-October 2019, total power generation and electricity consumption in Shandong Province increased by 4.52 per cent and 5.27 per cent, respectively; the increase was 8.12 per cent and 3.7 per cent, respectively, down from 2018. The increase in power end was higher than the increase in power end.
4.42 pct, reflecting a further increase in the share of foreign electricity in Shandong Province. It is expected that the number of hours spent on installed power in Shandong Province will be affected in the future.
In 2017, there were three thousands of additional kilowatts in Shandong province. By the end of 2019, the Hebei-Sandong exchange and transmission project will have been launched.
By that time, the maximum capacity of Shandong Province to receive foreign electricity will increase to 31.5 million kilowatts. With the increase in capacity to receive foreign electricity, the share of foreign electricity in Shandong Province ' s electricity structure will increase gradually, from 7.34% in 2016 to 14.07% in January-October 2019.
3.2 The “coal control” policy has become more stringent and the “coal control” policy has slowed down with the use of the side of power, affecting the demand side of electricity. In July 2019, the Shandong provincial government issued the “Guidance for the strict control of total coal consumption to promote clean and efficient use” document. Adopted.
The priority tasks include strict control of new high-cost coal projects, stress reduction of energy-intensive industries, etc. The energy-intensive sector’s production capacity is controlled, which will have a direct impact on the speed of electricity consumption.
The energy-intensive industry is expected to reduce its capacity and increase in electricity. According to a number of documents produced in Shandong province on excess capacity compression, the future high energy-consuming sector in Shandong province, such as ground refining, electrolysis aluminium, cement, steel growth and stock capacity, will be subject to a certain reduction.
The electrolytic aluminum capacity has been identified as moving to Yunnan through capacity exchange: the reduction in the capacity of the energy-consuming industry will directly reduce the demand for electricity at 2019.
Electricity dominates at around 92%. With the rapid increase in clean energy sources such as wind power, solar energy, and so on, the share of electricity generated by the fire is expected to drop slightly to about 90%.
The number of hours spent on fire power throughout the province was 3681 in 2019, a decrease of 206 (5.30%) in 2019, 2020 and 2021. The number of hours spent on fire power equipment throughout the province is expected to rise throughout 2019, 2020 and 2021.
Both sides of the supply and demand are affected, and the number of hours spent by the Chinese Fire and Power International installed power plant is expected to decline. Under the influence of the “coal control” policy, existing and future new production capacity in the energy-intensive sector will be compressed, and power demand will slow down in Shandong Province.
The supply side has been affected. In the context of the former fire power unit in Shandong Province, it is anticipated that the number of hours used in 2019-2021 will change - 400, -50, +50.
4.1 The supply of coal is expected to decline in the long term and will remain so in the medium to long term. In the first three quarters of 2019, imports of powered coal and the cumulative increase in domestic production increased at a higher rate of 17.34 per cent and 6.17 per cent, respectively.
In the second half of 2018, the completion of fixed asset investments in coal mining and cleaning was gradually positive, with a rapid increase starting in March 2019, reaching a cumulative 26.1 per cent of the year-on-year value in September.
Multi-coal production is released and production growth is expected to remain high, and in conjunction with the current downward trend in power coal prices, the future medium- and long-term coal supply easing pattern is determined.
Figure 40: Significant increase in the completion rate of investment in coal fixed assets (%, burdened by economic downturns, and a sharp decline in the rate of increase in electricity from fire power. The cumulative increase in power generation in the first three quarters of the year was only 0.5%, the rate of increase slowed considerably, and the demand for electricity was weaker.
The main consumption sector of coal power is power generation, which accounts for more than 60 per cent of the consumption. Prices are expected to hold in the context of a higher rate of increase in power supply and low demand.
The energy consumption structure is optimized, and the coal share is declining. 2020 is the year of the 13th Five-Year Plan. As required by the 13th Five-Year Plan for Energy Development, China's total coal consumption will be limited to 4.1 billion tons by 2020, reducing its share to 58%.
At 3.9 billion tons, or 59% of total primary energy consumption, the share has been consistently reduced. According to the planning elements, the cap on coal consumption in 2020 represented only the largest increase of 5.13% compared to the consumption in 2018.
In the second half of 2018, the three indices of foreign power coal, and the flat price of Qin’s powered coal futures, all showed a downward trend. In terms of the drop, the three powered coal indices fell more than the price of Qin’s powered coal flats. On November 25, 2019, the price of coal fell.
The Royal Island coal flat price is $544, a decline of $39/ton compared to the price at the beginning of the year, a decline of 6.7 per cent.
Coal prices during the last round of coal prices, i.e., the 2012-2016 period, were increased by seasonal factors during the winter and the following year/tonne. Coal prices are expected to rise this winter due to seasonal factors of heating, but in coal.
With the overall supply of carbon easing and high stocks of coal powered by power-generating enterprises, coal is still the market for buyers with a limited increase in coal prices and will range from RMB/t$540/t after the heating season.
4.2 With the commissioning of the Hoji railway, China will reduce the cost of coal freight by more than $20 per ton, reduce production capacity, limit capacity, and sustain high prices of coal. Four of the more sophisticated rail transport routes are now in operation throughout the country: the Qin railway, the Beacon railway, the Waj railway and the Waj railway.
Three of the four corridors are located in Shanxi, mainly in the Rim Sea Port Area, and then in China, China, China, and the south-east coast. China’s long-term reliance on coal has resulted in long-term high transport costs, resulting in high coal prices.
Since the structural reforms, coal production in central China has been shrinking, and the gap in coal consumption in China’s central provinces has been increasing, with increasing external dependence. Freight charges have increased by more than $100 than in China’s central provinces such as Hubei and Anhui.
In 2015, the government introduced structural reforms on the supply side, which led to a gradual increase in the concentration of coal production in the three provinces of Shanxi, Xinxi, and Inner Mongolia.
70.44%. This gradual increase in concentration is expected to continue, with a further increase in coal production in the next three provinces and a change in the original coal transport pattern. The gap in coal consumption in China is expected to widen further, with coal in the “3xis” (Sanxi, Shanxi, Monsi) region.
Figure 47: Coal production is increasingly concentrated in the three provinces where the Hoji railway is travelling at the end of the year, and coal prices in Hubei province are expected to drop in the long run.
At the same time, the government began planning for the construction of a new coal transport corridor. The Hoji Railway was opened on 26 September 2019. The route includes nine provinces in Mongolia, Shaanxi, Shanxi, Henan, Lake North, Hunan, Jiangxi.
Compared to the original Qin Railway and the two sea-to-sea routes, the railway has become fully effective, resulting in savings of $70, $19, and $51 per ton in freight costs, respectively. As the Hoji Railway became effective, the price of coal in the Hubei province was expected to fall over the long term.
The price of coal is the most elastic, and the profit is expected to be high, and the price of coal for electricity is Qin q5500 flat elastic at 1.25. We measure the cost of coal per ton by HCI based on the company’s cost of fuel, electricity consumption, electricity grid.
The coefficient is 1.25, i.e., the cost of coal on the island of Qin will be reduced by $1.25 for every 10 dollars.
At this point in time, the price of power coal falls under the same amount of elasticity.
The larger the cost of corporate fuel, the greater the contribution to the improvement of the net return. Figure 52: Price elasticity of the net return of HAI 53: the elasticity of the use of hours of the net return of HAI.
In the last three years, the size of the company's construction has been decreasing, from 12 million kilowatts in 2017 to 5.12 million kilowatts in the first half of 2019.
Chart 56: Corporate capital expenditure begins to fall down and interest-bearing liabilities are expected to fall into a downward cycle, and financial costs are expected to fall. Corporate capital expenditure began to decline, and cash flow pressure became smaller and interest-bearing liabilities began to decrease. Companies had interest burdens in 2017.
The higher point is reduced by $8.6 billion. The lower interest-bearing liability results in lower financial costs. The company’s financial costs are now expected to fall further when the company’s wealth continues to fall.
The net cash flow generated by the company’s operations has improved steadily since 2018, entering a new up-to-date cycle. As future corporate performance increases, capital expenditure decreases each year, and corporate cash flows ease.
The valuation is at an all-time low and its value is seriously undervalued. It is now about 0.82 times as high as it has been in the last 10 years. With the introduction of a market-based reform of the power pricing mechanism, the electricity industry is expected to return to utility properties, and the valuation level is expected to go to public use.
The overall valuation level of the industry is close. There is still a 50% gap between the valuation level of the pyrotechnic and utility plates, and there is much room for future rises.
The current net market rate is only 0.82 times higher, ranking third in 14 fire and electricity companies. It is 0.17 times lower (17 per cent) than the average of 0.99 times and 0.09 times (10 per cent) below the median of 0.91 times.
Based on the above analysis, we made the following false assumptions about the company's future installed capacity, the number of hours spent and the price of electricity: our market-based reform of electricity prices is under way, and we expect it to fall by 2020.
In the event of a deterioration in local supply and demand patterns, the price of electricity is higher than expected: Shandong Province is one of the company’s priority installed provinces, while outside Shandong Province, where more electricity is generated than expected, there may be a backlog of local electricity generated by fire, affecting the company’s performance.
Early commissioning of nuclear power units in the province: nuclear power plants are about two years behind target, so that there is room for energy growth. If nuclear power units come into production early, they can create a squeeze on power generation, and economic growth is not as high as expected: the entire society is associated with high economic growth, if not.
Fire power generation is expected to be affected by the pressure on priority grid power sources, such as new energy sources.  The national build-up rate is expected to be higher than expected: future subsidies for new energy will decline gradually, and another surge is expected in 2020 and 2021. If new energy capacity increases faster than expected, it will pressurize the power.
After the ban was lifted, the company ' s remaining stock limits were zero. Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market showed that: