KIMshan: B-end market space is wide, and research assistant Zhou Gao Dynasty is on the 02nd of September 2022.
The long-term horizon for the b-side market is wide: the positive push and the wind of national production form an important driving force in the current phase of the expansion of operations at the b-end. Businesses should pay for the use of office software as a tool in business activities. Because of different needs, the b-side and the c-side pay.
The B-side business of the office in Phnom Penh consists mainly of the Party Creature Market, the Industry Credential Market, and the Private Enterprise Market, where the Brecter Market has two times as much room for forward steady purchasing;
10,000 units, corresponding to an annual purchase of office software of about $4.8 billion; the current penetration rate in the private sector market is about two times greater than in the future: office software is an important component of business development. The company’s business model for party innovation is essentially quantitative, based on a full-fledged manufacturer.
With the relevant caliber and company financial data, calculating the unit price of the available credit market is about $240. The party industry corresponds to about 30 million stocks of pc. Since 2020, only less than 6 million pc have been replaced in the political sphere, just around the corner of the iceberg. We expect 2022 to be the year 2022.
The second half of the year will be the start of the party-state-state and e-government-based innovation, which is expected to grow at the same rate as the market. The government sector is a small number of pcs and areas of growth. We expect the future steady annual purchases of the party-based market in 2025 to be close.
Seven million, calculated on the basis of the company’s 2021 start-up product, will still have 10 times as much future space for the future of nearly 2 million people in the Chinese corporate and industrial innovation markets: site authorization has an advantage in terms of prices, and is the main business model for business-level clients at the present time.
Companies earn only about $400 million in institutional subscriptions a year, and the company currently earns very low arpu value in the national market. The counterpart market has a unit price of only $7.19 per person, while the industry penetration rate is only 9%.
We expect a market space for industrial innovation to be $4.8 billion. For " Offices in Phnom Penh " (688111), in mid-2022, institutional subscription revenue was $446 million in 2021 and 10 times more space in the future.

Long-term trends in national production and cloud documentation are at the end of the populist spectrum. The 2021 Golden Hill office penetration rate in the private sector is about 1%.
Volume management to increase the number of businesses using it.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: The future space of the office is huge. We expect the company to maintain a high rate of growth in individual subscriptions, corporate subscriptions to increase penetration through price increases, and future development in cloud files.
1. The business structure and business model at endb is divided into institutional subscriptions and institutional authorizations.
Business consists mainly of institutional subscriptions and institutional authorizations. Corporate subscriptions include annual fee-based operations and publicly owned clouds, and institutional authorizations include quantitative authorizations dominated by License. Domestic institutional subscriptions and service operations generated $446 million in 2021, an increase of 23.40 per cent over the same period in the previous year; domestic agencies authorized business revenues of $962 million, an increase over the same period in the previous year.
1.1. Corporate subscriptions and agency-mandated business models Agency subscriptions are based on publicly available cloud-based wps+saas authorizations for small and medium-sized clients, digital office platforms, cloud document centrals, collaboration mediums, etc., and site authorizations for products such as cloud subscriptions and wps.
Figure 2: Agencies subscribe to business models. Agencies receive most of their authorized income from party-based innovation. The party-initiated business at the office in Phnom Penh is conducted in the form of an end-initiated commission, which we expect to account for about 90% of the revenue from corporate-initiated business.
The purchase of authorized software products will always follow the original computer or equipment and cannot be transferred to other computers or equipment. 1.2. Business user-paying office software continues to be promoted through a process of nationalization.
It helps to increase the motivation of science and technology firms to invest in R & D innovations, creating a virtuous circle of increased R & D inputs and improved business efficiency. The increased volatility of US-China relations, the importance of software nationalization and self-controllability, and the impending importance of formalization. In the process of nationalization of software, central authorities and local governments take the lead in national production substitution, and
According to the study in the bsa report, the rate of software piracy in mainland China fell from 77% in 2011 to 66% in 2017, which constitutes an important impetus for the expansion of the Kimshan b/g business at this stage.
Businesses should pay for the use of office software as a tool for business activities.
The purpose of the personal consumer subscription office is specified, the office ' s personal and home editions cannot be used for commercial, non-profit or income-generating activities, i.e. employees cannot use personal or home copy office on the company ' s computers to handle the company ' s work, and businesses need to purchase office versions of the enterprise to prevent legal disputes.
It is a violation for an employee to use a personal copy office for commercial applications. In a business office, office communications services are key to improving office efficiency.
More than 50 per cent of the integration of organizational systems is reported to be done through file transfer, with the speed, stability, characterization and voice and meeting formats of intra-team communication affecting office efficiency. Business-side office software requirements are more focused on data asset control. Enterprise-based office software is more focused on data information.
. On the basis of co-location, instant communication, etc., which enhances the efficiency of the work, the enterprise deploys clouds, the documentation becomes an important digital asset for the enterprise, the account number of the enterprise will not be opened outside the local area network, and the document assets will be stored and used on the enterprise ' s server, thus achieving business-to-digit assets.
2. Office software is an important component of business development. Office software is used most frequently as a day-to-day tool.
The most widely applied software tool is one of the most important carriers of digital office, no less important than the operating system. The wps at the market end and technology end of the office software are the most competitive products in the country that can achieve a national balance for the product of the msoffice series. As the software is nationalized, Kimsan is the leader of the policy.
The company's business model of business authorization is basically quantitative, and we expect the party's income from business creation to account for about 90% of the agency's business. According to data from the company, we expect about 2.5 million bids to be made each year, so the end of the revenue line was identified in 2021 for a total of about 3.5 million.
Table 2: KIMyama’s business-related calculations The current nationalization of the party’s IT market is only around the tip of the iceberg.
According to the Development Statistics Bulletin, there are more than 7 million civil servants and more than 30 million career preparers (not counting retired staff), assuming that each civil servant is equipped with at least one pc and about 3 million inner-network terminals and two thirds of the industry preparers are staffed with pc, which corresponds to about 30 million stocks of pc in the political sector.
This year, the party’s pace is expected to be higher than expected. We expect to open the party’s district and sub-county letters in the second half of 2022, and the bid for party politics is expected to grow at the same rate as in the year, surpassing market expectations.
In terms of market stock, there are more than 5 million pc e-publication systems at the county and sub-district levels, and nearly 20 million pc e-government systems. There is still two times as much room for growth from the long-term demand for party communications.
In 2021, China’s pc market will remain strong, and k12, smart office, and the government sector will be the main driving force behind the growth of China’s pc market. The government sector is an area where a small number of pcs are still growing. By 2020, idc projected that China’s pc market would have a total capacity of around 47 million, a 1.7% decline in the same year, but the government sector’s pc procurement growth will have been achieved.
14.7 per cent; government sector pc purchases are close to 5 million per year by 2020. We expect the political and trade markets to be in 2025. 3. Business and industry innovation markets: national production and value-added services drive up the value of Arpu growth. Business clients, as authorized parties, are in office for the purpose of their office, within the agreed time frame.
Both the replacement and the addition of new computer users are within the authority of the office in Phnom Penh, which is known as the "space authorization." The space is authorized for a number of hours, and the authorized party will need to buy the service again after the expiry of the time.
Cost. Site authorization has a price advantage and is very flexible in its use, as the current office in Phnom Penh is open to business-level customers 3.1. The future market in the United States is about $4.4 billion per year, and according to publicly disclosed data from companies, it has reached more than 90% coverage in the national market, compared to 2021
The company’s current income is very low in the country’s economy. According to the Chinese Statistical Won/per person, the price is much lower than the party’s per capita price.
In the product modules and components of the country's corporate and industry innovation market, not only wpsoffice and cloud services, but also products and modules related to business collaboration such as document collaboration, im, meetings, etc., which have many more functions than party communications and c-end products, we believe that the arpu value in this scenario should be higher than the c-unit value of $79.
A conservative estimate is that industry penetration is only 9 per cent. 3.2. Product empowerment raises the arpu value. At the end of the year, Kimshan launched the Golden Mountain Digital Office platform, based on original products, to enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of intra-firm collaboration.
Figure 3: Digital office platform in Phnom Penh improves the quality of the user's office through the middle of the document and the middle of the collaboration.
On the basis of the intensive promotion of products such as the document center and the collaboration platform, information and data are fully clouded and “document remains on the ground” to help users solve document security problems, improve office efficiency and raise the amount of orders.
Over-open interfaces empower other products to use Wps in a flexible manner, according to their own building needs, to achieve the overall management of unstructured digital assets. Central stage of collaboration: Golden Mountain collaboration consists of four components: instant communication, document collaboration, application centres, and organizational architecture.
Combining imm, oa with documents to match in-house document sharing and custom search, documents displaying simultaneously in chat interfaces to improve the ability of intra-business users to communicate with each other. Digital office platforms can support large, mega-groups of government, state, corporate, private-scale organizations.
A dedicated digital office platform could also provide one-stop office cloud services to small and medium-sized enterprises and organizations. The platform includes a matrix of office energy products that provide users with wpsoffice office software, gold mountain files and gold mountain collaboration (businessim).
All functions of the current wps, all important file processing are done on cloud ends, with centralised message control and full-link encryption, while improving efficiency while ensuring that the files remain “always on the ground” and that the user's data assets are safeguarded on a full-scale basis. These clouds can effectively increase the value of the products of the office in Phnom Penh with a better product-enabling office setting.
The price increase in gold mountain products provides more space. 3.3. Industry credit markets have nearly 10 times the future.
In the commercial market, we assume that 40% of the demand per year comes from important industries, corresponding to about 12 million pcs, and 60 million pcs per five-year depreciation, corresponding to market space of 4.8 billion yuan.
By 2025, China's pc market will be about 6.76 million in size, and the corresponding industry credit market will be purchasing about 15 million new pc annually, of which, based on stock, will be depreciated over five years, corresponding to the annual purchase of office software.
In the case of Kinsan, the market for corporate subscriptions is now about 400 million yuan, and there is about 10 times more room for the future. 4. The market for private companies: 10 billion spaces, very low penetration rates, and a small share for private companies, because copyright pressures are relatively small.
For example, the local market is more focused on cloud programme products, with 30% of its staff using office software. The National Statistical Office's information-based survey in 2018 showed that every 100 employees are employed.
With 28.7 computers, the penetration rate for pc was 28.7% in 2018, so we gave wps holdings/employees the current penetration rate in the market is very low. According to China ' s statistical yearbook 2020, the number of private and individual employees is about 400 million, and the average per capita arpu is conservatively estimated at $79 based on the assumption that 30% of employees use office software.
The industry size is about $9.5 billion, with gold mountains in 2021 operating on the private market using a toteams-tob strategic approach for private enterprises. Given that private companies still need to develop their payment practices for office software-related products, a strategy to move from free penetration at the end of class c to inside companies.
Teams, using the web effect of products, invite more team members, and as the number of people using them within the enterprise increases, allow team users to penetrate from the empirical to the commercial version. The overall strategic idea is to attract one team within the enterprise from the bottom up through the collaborative function of file management, and then extend it to the whole company.
Using wps to manage micro-enterprises lightly and increase the number of businesses using them. wps+coated office pricing. Products can be purchased directly, and differences in the storage space of documents, number of collaborators and service privileges are basically standardized products.
It would not only provide templates such as light-dimensional tables, forms, etc., but would also directly assist small-branch enterprises in achieving light-quantifiable management of accounting, cost management, co-processing, etc. Figure 6: wps helps SMEs implement light-quantified management
The trend in office software development in private enterprises is based on tool-type software, through effective product components and improved office efficiency, the most important of which is the efficient transmission and communication of documents, under secure control of internal team information and documentation. In the office service market, because of the lack of Microsoft-type communications components, KIM Sang-sang
More than mstems have the advantage of a product matrix. At the same time, in the face of competition with domestic office services, the ability of offices such as Hua, Nailing, etc., is not self-researched; they are connected to the processing center of the office’s files, which is deep in the mound of office software.
5. Profit forecasts and ratings 5.1. Summary: Long-term income space in Kimshan Party Creatures: Innovative product demand for party and core business units, calculated by us, for each year of the long-term steady state
There should be about 7 million units, with a nearly two-fold increase in sales. The market for the company’s economy: based on the number of employed persons in state-owned establishments, which corresponds to the size of the software market on a person-paying basis, is about 4.4 billion yuan, with a penetration rate of less than 10% at present.
The future space of the Kimsan office for the b-end market is wide. 5.2. Profit forecasting and rating Agency authorized revenue: this income is mostly in the form of credit, and we take account of the expectation of credit creation and smoothness.
With the annual advance of the IT community, we expect corporate business growth to be authorized in 2022-2024, individual subscriptions: the number of user fees at end-of-end continues to grow at a high rate, and the increase in the base of user fees will gradually be released, and we have chosen the same cloud-based saas network as a comparable company in 2022.
We believe that the company will maintain a high rate of growth in individual subscriptions, that institutions will provide new functions and services to increase per capita payments, and that party and industry innovations will be phased out. We anticipate that the new product will not be as popular as expected: the government clients will be interested in the Golden Mountain collaboration and the series of new digital office platform systems.
(c) End-user fees have been slowly converted.
Three major financial forecasts for the office in Kim Shan have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) for portfolio investment.