Kim Shan Offices: Chinese Practice of Overseas Experience in Office Software Investment Ratings: Buying (for the first time) The Company is a truly national provider of office software and services.
Key products such as wpsoffice office software and the Golden Mountain Phrase are truly nationally produced office software. • Microsoft experience: b-principal; authorization to develop to subscribership; and co-location to facilitate Subscription conversion.
On the other hand, the level of revenue accounts for 80 per cent of the business income associated with the office software. 2) The shift from the authorization model to the subscription model has effectively reduced the volatility of the business income and resulted in better continuity. 3) In conjunction with the roll-out of office-type products, the office office software has been complemented by team-to-team exchanges.
One step towards facilitating the transition of subscriptions and willingness to pay fees at the end of b. Qingshan office practices: end-of-end increases in the rate of payment; letter creation provides a wide space at the end of b; 1) companies start the market at the end of c. Consider the main users to be upper secondary and higher education
The total user group is expected to reach 471 million people, compared with the trend of 300 in depth. The overall market space is $42 billion, based on an annual fee of $89 from wps members.
At 25% of the rate, the market space would be about $10.5 billion a year. 2) As the message moves forward, the agency’s authorized operations are expected to be rapidly released.
Some 90 million, or approximately 45 million wps of potential needs, calculated at 2:1; current bid data, corresponding to about $500/package of authorized sales, totalling about $22.5 billion in market size. 3) Companies have been focusing increasingly on b-end customers’ subscription sales models over the last two years.
It's 25 times, 18 times and 14 times the previous stock price. The company's history, peband, looks at it, is now at the center of the valuation. Looking back, there's still an increase in the c-end fee rate and the arpu rate.
Between; between B-end authorizing operations, which benefit from party politics and industry innovation, there is a huge amount of space; co-location will facilitate the conversion of b-end clients to subscriptions. For the first time, a “buy-in” rating will be given. 1) letter-making advances are less than expected; 2) cost controls are unfavourable; 3) industry competition is increasing; 4) economy
The company is the leading office software and service provider in the country, mainly in the design development and marketing of wpsoffice office software products and services.
The main business consists mainly of the office-series software, the Internet-based advertising business.
1) Authorized sales model: for small and medium-sized institutional clients with a relatively small number of software subscriptions, companies usually use a number of authorizations; for large clients with a large demand for software, companies usually use a space authorization approach, which accounts for about 23 per cent of revenue;
2) Subscribe sales patterns: this is divided into agency subscriptions and individual subscriptions. Individuals or institutions can pay monthly, quarterly, or annual fees.
3) Internet advertising: advertising for clients with promotional needs on their clients and on web platforms 3. The main findings of overseas mega-events are that: 1) b-clients are the main payers of office software, with income of 80% of office software-related business income. 2) The shift from an authorized to a subscription model is effective.
Reduced volatility of operating income and improved sustainability. 3) In collaboration with the roll-out of office-type products, complementarities between office office software and team exchanges are now being developed to further facilitate end-of-end subscription transitions and payments.
In mid-year, it was reported that monthly users of companies reached 570 million; fees were 5.01 per cent; arpu reached $65.8 (yearly).c The continued growth of the market at the end of the line is the basis for the company’s business.
The total user group is expected to cover 471 million people. In terms of the annual fee paid by wps members, the overall market is empty. From the point of view of the rate of payment, the company currently pays about 5.01%.
At the rate of about $10.5 billion per year in market space. 2) As office software is autonomously controlled, corporate agency authorization is expected to be rapidly released. From the bidding network, multi-field innovation is not limited to party institutions, but also to local enterprises.
Based on the number of people employed within the system, about 90 million (statements based on the Director General of Statistics, China ' s Annual Economic Conference 2021-2022), the number of wps authorized for potential needs is calculated at 2:1 and is expected to be about 45 million. The current bid aggregates data, corresponding to the authorized sales price of about 500 yuan/sets, totals about 22.5 billion yuan in market size.
3) In the last two years, companies have focused more and more on b-end customers’ subscription sales models. The introduction of co-location products further facilitates the transformation of institutional clients’ subscription patterns.
Process management, teleconferencing, oa approval, etc.. The process covers all office needs. (b) Nailing: pre-emptive advantage, large user group. (c) Business micro-credit, stronger social attributes.
(d) The main advantage of the office co-location platform is the ability to attract heavy text apps, templates, and office software. The current office software monthly work is expected to shift to the co-location platform and co-location as a new subscription-paying feature will also facilitate the institution from authorized subscriptions to subscriptions
The company’s history, peband, shows that it is currently at the centre of the valuation. Backward, there is still room for an upgrade of the c-end fee rate and arpu; b-end authorized operations benefit from party politics, industry innovations, and space is huge; co-location also facilitates the conversion of b-end clients to subscriptions. For the first time, the " buy-in " rating is given.
Downwards have led to a contraction in enterprise-end software expenditures.2 Office software leads, end of c, end of b, full power 2.1 is based on home-grown office software development
The company is the leading office software and service provider in the country, mainly in the design, development and marketing of wpsoffice office software products and services.
The development of the company has been divided into four main stages: the initial phase: in 1989, the founder of Kimshan asked Uncle-goon to launch wps1.0.) The development period: China acceded to the WTO in 2021, and one of the major events was the fight against piracy.
In 2005, the company released the mileage version of wpsoffice 2005, which is fully compatible with the office, and the personal version, which is declared free of charge. 3) Accelerated development period: in 2011, the wpsoffice mobile version was released, matching smartphone users.
The mobile office application of the “simple and powerful” psychological needs has won global popularity, including in China. So far, the Wpsoffice mobile version has grown by up to 300 per cent annually in combination; in 2012, it was adopted with a nuclear high weight4 in transition: in 2015, the one-stop cloud-based office solution for enterprises released wps+coon office:
In 2018, the theme was “Simple: creation: not simple” and “The future of the offices of the clouds” and new works such as the wpsoffice 2019 Gold Mountain file were published; in 2019, the wpsofficemacos version was officially released, filling the last void in the apple ecology of the wpsoffice, so the wpsoffice actually achieved full platform coverage.
Guy, in the same year, the company was trading in a joint venture, and since 2020, the company has been publishing collusive office products, officially declaring a new corporate product strategy “collaborative”, and successively publishing collaborative products and functions, including gold mountain manifests, gold mountain conferences, gold mountain calendars, etc.
Figure 1 The gold mountain office development history 2.2 The corporate equity structure of the gold mountain software holds 52.7% of the company’s equity through wps Hong Kong, and is the controlling shareholder of the company.
A total of 9.73 per cent of the companies are owned by Chiwen 3-D and Chivan 4-D; A total of 4.5 per cent of the companies are held by Tseng Holdings.
The company’s main business products include office software products and services such as wpsoffice, gold mountain files, rice shells, gold mountain typists, etc. There are also Internet advertising promotions.
1) wpsoffice office software is a core product of the company, providing one-stop office services to users. The product is a mobile version (android version, ios version), which has multiple-end coverage and has the same document processing capability on different terminal devices/systems.wpsoffice is highly compatible with mainstream offices abroad.
With a wealth of unique features, it provides stable and easy office support to a wide range of users and meets the office needs of a wide range of users. At the same time, companies provide quick, easy, efficient online and offline services and technical support to wpsoffice users, providing reliable and efficient user security.
2) The gold mountain file is an online document service that supports real-time collaboration among many people. The gold mountain file is based on html5 technology, and there are a number of ways to support online document and office document management, viewing, editing, collaboration, etc.
Make and share scenes to help users obtain office-based tests that focus more on content creation and expression, reduce the time cost of document styles, on different platforms, especially when collaborating participants cross desktop and mobile platforms; and at the same time, with wpsoffice, the office-based in-house nuclear engine service that relies on self-researched offices in Kinsan
Client-based product communities are perfectly compatible and seamlessly integrated. For office documents, users can choose to use Gold Mountain documents for efficient online collaboration, or to edit them with wpsoffice client depth, with flexibility to switch between two different preferences.
3) The Kimsan Digital Office platform is based on the gold mountain office product matrix, which allows for cloudization, centralization and secondary development of enabling solutions covering content creation and management, co-location, business digitization. As an interactive hub for public digital transformation, it can support large, mega-sized businesses, including governments, state enterprises, corporations, and corporations of scale.
The platform includes the provision to users of a matrix of office capacity products centred on wpsoffice office software, gold mountain files, and gold mountain collaboration (businessim), supporting documentation and collaboration through a unified identity certification service.
Two digital office hubs and an open ecological system empower users. A full set of platforms, modules, capabilities embedded in three enabling programs is provided in the face of user demand scenarios, and four modes of delivery based on public clouds, mixed clouds, privatization, and a fully fledged environment are developed.
Figure 3 Digital office platform panorama revenue is mainly derived from the office series software, the Internet ad promotion business.
The main business model is divided into two categories: 1) Authorized sales: Companies provide different types of software product use authorizations to different organizational-level clients of different sizes, including mainly models such as quantity authorization, site authorization, etc.a) Small- and medium-sized, with a smaller number of software subscriptions
(b) For large clients with large software needs, companies usually use site authorizations. During the contractual period, companies grant such customers an open-ended version of the software in their place of business.
The right to this software usually lasts for one to five years, depending on the client’s needs, and the company charges the authorized user fees for the entire site.) Subscription sales: are divided into agency subscriptions and individual subscriptions.
Some value-added functions and rice-shell content platform resources also support Internet advertising by function or by quantity.
Advertisements determine the manner of settlement and income depending on the location, type, and customer’s needs, for example, by recognizing the flow of information according to time, number of hits, number of registrations, etc. Companies recognize the income on the basis of the flow of information on a monthly basis with their customers. For free users, companies usually use the “free-to-advertise” profit model.
During the six months of the year, the impact of the epidemic, authorized operations, advertising operations and revenue growth decreased to 14 per cent, with individual office subscriptions maintaining a relatively good growth rate of 44 per cent in 2021, sales and management rates of around 20 per cent and 10 per cent, and research and development costs.
Figure 8 Changes in corporate cost rates The increase in the number of staff has slowed considerably compared to the previous period.3 Microsoft experience: b-business is dominated, co-location promotes subscriptions
3.1 b End-of-service soft office software operations with a clear division of income between commercial users, consumer users (i.e. business and individuals) and commercial end-users: a major component of corporate office software.
The main indicator is the number of business clients. Since 2015, q4 has grown at an early rate of 70 per cent + q4 in 2022 and the number of businesses has increased by 14 per cent. (As of August 2021, office 365 has grown to over 300 million commercially paid seats.)
2) Personal users, mainly using the number of subscriptions as the main indicator. As of 2022, q4, individual users microsof365 had 59.7 million subscriptions.
In terms of product strategy, the launch of office 365 in June 2011 included Words, Excel, PowerPoint, book, lync, exchange and infopath. Other applications (all or part) and new features have been expanded to include: access, bookings, delve,forms, groupme, kaizala,
Lens, Lists, Onedrive, Onenote, Planner, Powerapps, Power Automate, Powerbi, Publicsher, sharepoint, staffhub, stream, sway, teams, Microsoft to do, Vio, Whiteboard and yammer.
In August 2021, Microsoft announced a price adjustment for its products, effective 1 March 2022, with an overall increase in the price of microsof365 (from $5 per user to $6 per user); and 2) an advanced version of microsof365 (from $20 to $22);
3) office365e1 (from $8 to $10), office365e3 (from $20 to $36).
Personal Consumer End, 22 April 2020, office365 became microsof365 and microsof365 added artificial intelligence (ai), rich content and templates, and a new body of cloud power to the office.
The cost per month is $6.99 per personal version of microsof365. To maximize the value, the microsoft365 family version (up to a maximum of six family members) is available at a cost of $9.99 per month.
3.2 From authorization to subscription development Microsoft office software started from authorization in 2012 with the development of office 365 products to subscriber subscription systems, further smoothing income fluctuations in corporate office operations:
1) Higher fluctuations in income from early office consumer business, including downstream pc, tablet sales, etc. (typically, significant negative growth in income in 2009; or pulsed revenue from the release of new versions 2)
Starting in 2012, as the office 365 subscription system is rolled out, the office business has a certain period of pain. In 2015, the authorized income of the office business decreased by 2%, while the subscription income decreased.
The impact of authorizing conversions to subscriptions has diminished as the size of subscription income has grown. Figure 16 Agency Office operations and Consumer Office operations have increased their income at a rate that parallels the current subscription and authorization systems, with an authorized pricing strategy of about five times that of subscriptions (also).
However, the advantages of subscriptions are also more evident than the authorized system: 1) do not limit access devices; 2) are able to enjoy functional updates; 3) subscriber products are not limited to Word, Excel, Powerpoint, but also include a series of teams, dynamics, etc. that are not available under the authorized product.
Figure 17/office2021home&student pricing 3.3teams co-located office products to facilitate the conversion to subscriptions
In March 2017, Microsoft Teams was released. Teams appeared in the chat-based workspace in office 365: in September 2017, Teams added a one-based videoconferencing and call function; in July 2018, the teams were launched free of charge.
In March 2020, new features were added to the conference-oriented, front-line workforce, and industry scenes. In April 2021, the global monthly life of Teams reached 145 million.
One of the ways to facilitate Microsoft Office ' s transition to subscriptions: 1) 24 applications have been added to the package, including microsoftteams, powerapps, powerbi, poweratomate, stream, Planner, Viio, onedrive, yammer and whiteboard.
Free cloud storage space is also provided. 2) Additional capabilities are added to microsoft365: (a) al capacity: including voice-to-word text conversion; face-to-face recognition, etc. (b) communication capacity: real-time agreements are introduced in Word, Excel and Powerpoint desktop applications
This is accompanied by an increasing number of functions (e.g. @reference, assignment, new commentary and autosave) to simplify collaborative experiences. c) Storage capacity: onedrive cloud storage space and exchangeline mail have been increased and expanded to further promote the ecological enrichment of users by continuously updating the functionality, extension applications of the microsof365 package
Converted to microsoft 365 by the authorized version of the office. Chart 18teams Global Daytime 4 Gold Mountain Practice: From c-subscription model to b-subscription
The business model of subscriptions is understood to mean, first, that the number of users using corporate products is purchased by members after the trial period has ended.
Marks refer to monthly users, the rate of payment, and then to users who are not simultaneously long and functional, whose membership pricing varies.
By 2022, q2, c-end subscriptions to various dimensions of data were more healthy: 1) the number of monthly activities of the main product reached 570 million, a 13.8 per cent increase over the previous year, of which the wpsofficepc edition was worth 232 million monthly, leading by other nationally produced office software; the wpsoffice mobile version was 334 million monthly; and the company was
His product is close to 5 million a month, and chart 20, end-of-line subscription rates, end-of-line, end-of-line, end-of-line, end-of-line, end-of-line subscription rates, end-of-line, end-of-line, end-of-line, end-of-life, end-of-life, end-of-life, end-of-life, end-of-life, end-of-life, end-of-life, end-of-life, end-of-life, end-of-life, end-of-life, end-of-life, end-of-life, end-of-life, end-of-life, end-of-life, end-of-life.
Number of individual members (millions) who subscribe to the cumulative fee payments
The model of the subscription business is easier to understand: the number of payers* subscribes to the unit price (dollars/accounts). In the case of corporate office software products, the main users are students and employed.
Of these, school enrolment data, according to the Ministry of Education ' s Development Planning Department, published the National Education Service 2021, which has a total of 290 million students, and we use students at the upper secondary and higher education levels as the main users of the wps, for a total of 83.47 million.
According to employment data, there are 746 million employed persons in the country, of whom 48 per cent are in the primary, 29 per cent in the secondary and 23 per cent in the tertiary sectors. However, taking into account the nature of work in the primary and secondary sectors, it is anticipated that the total number of users of office software may be 471 million.
The first purchase is for 89 yuan/years; 169 yuan/years; and 228 yuan/3 years.
Super-members. The subscription price for the first purchase was $179/year; $299/year; $399/year; and $399/year, which results in an overall market space of $42 billion based on an annual fee of $89 from members of wps. From the point of view of the rate of payment, the company currently pays about 5.01%.
Soft office 365 pays about 25% (50 million users for 200 million monthly lives). A 25% rate would have reached about $10.5 billion a year in market space.
Figure 25 Office Members Pricing Chart 26 Supermember Pricing 4.2 letter-initiatives that help to become the backbone of future growth
Since 2016, when the State Department issued the National Information Development Strategy Summary, which proposes to strengthen the new generation of information and communications technology applications, radically change the core key technology landscape and create a secure and manageable information technology industry, a range of autonomous and controlled software, hardware products and products have become party politics, state-owned enterprises, business units.
The company’s office-based software market, which has been occupied by the leading manufacturer, Microsoft, has become a major source of revenue. In recent years, government departments have begun to be replaced, mainly in revenues authorized by the office in Phnom Penh.
At present, in the context of the bidding network, the multiplicity of initiatives is not limited to party bodies, but also local enterprises, which are partially successful:
1) Including hospitals, courts, water authorities, libraries, statistical offices, rural commercial banks, etc., are sold in the authorized mode, with a single set price of about 500-800 yuan. ) In thousands, about 90 million people were employed in the total system (according to the Director General of Statistics, China ' s Economic Year 2021-2022)
If the number of wps authorized for potential needs is calculated at 2:1, it is expected to be about 45 million and, according to the current bid statistics, 45 million units corresponding to the authorized sales price of about 500 yuan/sets, the total market size is about 22.5 billion yuan.
4.3 Co-location, promotion of institutional subscription transformation In 2020, the Corporation launched its co-location product, emphasizing that in the past wps were dedicated to improving personal office efficiency and experience, and that the next five to ten years will be devoted to enabling digital office transformation.
In the future, collaborative office products will become important players in the company’s Tob business. In December 2020, Kimsan’s office co-location products – wps2021: a one-stop office service platform – were released. 1) Kimsan calendar: an invitation meeting, where personal calendars can be shared, and an open meeting can be arranged.
2) To-do Kimshan: To-dos for the management team, which can be connected to the calendar. 3) Kim Shan Table: More than 50 scene templates for collaborative statistical information. 4) Kim Shan Conference: Synergy in editing documents.
5) flexpaper: a new type of collaborative document that avoids cutting in Word and removes functions that most people in Word would not use to make better use. 6)ofd component: domestic layout document standards, current electronic invoice format.
In the same time, a one-stop digital office platform is launched to further enrich the current product matrix.
Figure 28 Matrix of office products in Golden Mountain will form its capacity into two main mid-stages:
Switching, ksec document security) is a shared capacity centre for developers around document office synergies that can help clients to achieve the overall management of unstructured digital assets and provide full office document viewing, editing, collaboration and control capability enabling services.
The program, which provides capacity-building for the digitalization of government and business offices, provides a comprehensive internal information flow and transactional collaboration capability to corporate clients at the centre of the collaboration (kim instant communication, kmeet cloud videoconference, kform form flow, kcal day to-do, kpush message).
Open its api, sdk and part of its source code to large organization clients to help the organization build a fully autonomous chat tool and achieve chatting and centralized control and full-link encryption in business processes. The main players in the saas co-location products include wps co-located offices, flybooks, nails, microbusinesses.
To date, the commercialization of flybooks, nails, and business micro-credits has been announced successively, leading to a new phase of free prior access to liquidity.
1) Flight Books: Full functionality, bringing together all the software required for day-to-day work. From day-to-day communication, to scheduling, teleconferencing, oa approval, etc.
The main advantage of the joint office platform is that it attracts heavy, text-applicators, templates, office software. The current office software monthly activity is expected to be beneficial.
The conversion of the co-location platform and the co-location as a new subscription-paying feature will also facilitate the institutionalization of profit projections to the subscriber company based on the following assumptions: (2) institutional subscriptions: currently, based on network pricing, institutions subscribe to the basic commercial version of 168 yuan/person/year, advanced
Version 599 yuan/person/year. The overall average is expected to increase by 5% per year in the future; account for several years 3) agency authority: the unit price is expected to be around $500/set. In 2022, pre-equity prices were 82 times higher, 60 times more and 44 times higher, compared to current stock prices, respectively.
The company's history says that it's at the center of the valuation. Looking back, there's still room for upscaling of c-pay rates and arpu; b-enabling operations that benefit from party politics, industry innovations, huge space; and co-operation.
This will facilitate the conversion of b-end clients to subscriptions. For the first time, the " buy-in " rating is given. Figure 31, Office psband 1) letter creation is not as advanced as expected; 2) cost controls are weak; 3) industry competition increases; 4) downside leads to business end
The data and information used in this report, using information that is legally compliant, are produced independently and objectively, from publicly available information on the market, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change anything.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.