The company's January-February business data, silicon materials, are still a tight link, and the company announced business data for January-February 2022, with a significant increase in revenue, net profit and net profit. The company announced major business data for January-February 2022.
By the end of 2021, the company’s silicon and silicon silicon production capacity increased significantly, and this year’s output is expected to increase, with the company’s silicon capacity reaching 180,000 tons by the end of 2021, and battery silicon capacity reaching over 40gw.
The price of raw materials has driven down the cost of silicon, which is expected to remain high in one ton, as compared with the trend of 300 deep in companies, which has been declining steadily since January of this year. According to Anteco, since the beginning of this year,
The average price of industrial silicon is about $2.13 million per tonne, a decrease of 97.4 per cent from the fourth quarter of 2021. The fall in industrial silicon prices will drive down the cost of silicon. According to our projections, the company is expected to maintain a profit of between 12 and 130,000 tons of silicon per quarter.
The current demand in the photovoltaic sector is still strong, and the price of silicon is rising slightly. The production capacity of the new silicon sector is limited in the second quarter, and silicon prices are expected to remain strong. We expect silicon materials to remain at high levels of profitability throughout the year.
We expect silicon prices to remain high in the first half of the year, falling slowly in the second half of the year, and rising corporate demand and prices less than expected; falling prices more than expected; energy release less than expected; and the deterioration of international trade protection policies.
“New Energy in Huaann Securities _ Research _ Tonway: Silicon operations remain profitable and battery profites are expected to hit the bottom up” 2021-10-25
Q: Decreased costs of production of silicon and profit-making on battery tablets 2021-8-17 Public, Mass China, Teco Electronics.
Contact person: Sheng Ying, three years of buyer industry research experience, Master of Finance, University of Melbourne, covering the field of wind and light voltage, new energy vehicles and traditional vehicles, and using information from legal compliance to produce the present report independently and objectively, the data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, and I have done so.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.