On 9 March, the company issued an announcement that it would collect around $16 billion in January-February 2022, raising the q1 light seasons and demand expectations, driving the price of the industrial chain to rise continuously: down and down at the end of December.
In January, after a steady recovery of the q1 offshore and domestic distribution of demand, silicon prices were higher than expected in the context of the continued release of new capacity. According to the Silicon Industry Branch, the average price of the secret material on 9 March was $243.9/kg, lower than q4 (12).
q4 battery fragments lost, performance met expectations - Tungwee q1 silicon volume lithide litres and battery plate single-watt net profit repairs continued: based on the company's new silicon production capacity, we expect the company to deliver 3.5-40,000 tons, with a 21-38 per cent ring increase; average sales price forecast
2. "Industrial silicon prices fall down on schedule, with silicon materials falling to $2.1 to 24,000/tons next year, with an expected increase in the q1 silicon single-ton profit ratio. Based on downstream discharges, the company ' s q1 battery plate output is expected to rise slightly; in terms of profitability,
3. " q3 net ring ratio increases, supply bottlenecks support silicon q1 cell block prices closely following upstream price changes, both from the point of increase and the point of change.
End demand multi-spill growth, industry chain-wide excess gains, especially bottlenecks, sustained over time or over-expected: while demand for q1 was more than expected to account for the looting of parts of the overseas sector, considering March 5. The mid-point performance was on schedule, and silicon was expanded at a faster rate than expected.
India's stolen shipments are nearing completion, and downstream production remains high in mid-March, and we believe that this is a demonstration of the multi-area, multi-problem surge in light of the global energy transition and the potential energy crisis in parts of the world.
Moreover, the price of the industrial chain is determined by the cost tolerance of marginal demand, so that the demand (intensity) over-prospecting period will be fully reflected in the over-expected price of the industrial chain (i.e., the upward shift of the demand curve), and the expansion of the industrial chain, the lubricant chassis, when the bottlenecks in the industrial chain will be captured by the overwhelming majority of the supply and demand.
(b) Profit: When demand ends continue to outperform expectations of the speed and intensity stages, the duration of the entire chain of industry, especially bottlenecks, to maintain excess profit levels will also be significantly longer than expected, thus continuing to outperform the performance of the companies concerned.
▪ Based on the company ' s performance report, the net return to the mother was $8.2 billion in 2021, taking into account the immediate end-of-life requirements
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment