On 6 January, the Tungwei shares issued a performance forecast for 2021, with an average value of approximately RMB260,000 per ton per year for the parent ' s net profit, and the actual sale of the company ' s q4 silicon material is expected to be slightly lower than the public offer statistics owing to the low volume of transactions near the high price of q4.
1. "Industrial silicon prices are down on schedule, next year silicon is higher, and the company's q4 silicon single ton net ring is expected to be flat. As the price of q4 silicon is substantially reduced,
Battery films have been improved by marginal supply and demand, and the transfer of lower prices for silicons has shown some delay and passivation.
In 2022, the profits from silicon were still strong, and the profit-remediation elasticity of the battery was high: the company expected the upper limit of the medium-to-medium forecast of the medium-to-long forecast of the medium-to-long forecast of the medium-to-long forecast of the medium-to-long forecast of the medium-to-long average annual photovolt supply chain bottlenecks, which were expected to remain high. The profit from the battery band was achieved in 2021.
At historical lows, the superstitious technology route shifts to the n-type, the perc expansion slows down and the n-type is used in limited quantities, 4. "The mid-reported performance is on schedule, silicon expansion is faster than expected and is expected to improve significantly in 2022 relative to upstream supply and demand, and the start rate is expected to increase.
In particular, large-scale, high-efficiency perc capacity could have a significant profit-remediation elasticity in 2022.
The battery production line carries a certain amount of asset impairment, and the assistive battery business, 2022, is young enough to go to stock to complete the +silicon price, which has been steadily falling for the January rise in the production ring ratio, and the web data is more than expected to support the demand for 2022h1: the recent price of silicon represents the completion of the industry’s inventory phase.
The price of stacking silicon has steadily declined, and previously postponed orders have resumed production delivery, pushing for a significant recovery in the January assembly ratio. In December, the domestic grid is expected to be larger than 25gw, and, taking into account past years and recent tender information, it is expected that there will be a significant amount of supply demand for reloading in the first half of the year.
The delivery of the order, the release of 331 as the country's demand for loading at the end of the fiscal year, the demand for 2022h1 is Uwentian, and based on the latest industry judgement, we have raised the silicon price forecast for 2022 and updated the company's 2021-
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment