The high value of Tonway shares (600438.sh) boosted the growth of multi-crystal silicon profits, and battery feed stabilized.
The company issued an advance announcement on its performance in 2021, and it is expected that the realization of a 80-0-per-cent tight balance of net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies will continue, with high prices combined with high production capacity contributing to a sustained increase in profits from multiple crystalline silicone operations (1) Price: the 2021 polycrystal silicon market is in short supply.
It is expected that there will be a significant increase, but it will take an average of six months for new capacity to reach full capacity; and the need for light-voltage machines will remain high as carbon-neutral and carbon-speaking shares are set. So the tight balance will continue to be the market theme of 2022.
(2) Productive capacity: With Leysan II and Baoshan I became operational during the year, the capacity of the polysilicon at the end of 2021 will reach 180,000 tons. In 2022, the capacity will reach 260,000 tons after the third phase and the first two of the year. The market is expected to rise to about 34%. High prices will add up to high capacity, and the multisilicon profits are expected to continue to grow strongly.
• Large-sized batteries are expected to be a major contribution to performance, with feed farming gradually recovering (1) solar cells: due to the price of raw materials, the price of silicon has increased significantly, and the Māori rate has declined. With 166 large-sized batteries.
The construction of a test line in 1gwtopcon, with the advantage of technology and production capacity, is expected to be a performance of large-scale battery fragments.
In the second half of the year, the company acquired all of Tianzhou’s aquaculture and some of its pig feed operations, which are expected to further increase the city’s share and maintain greater market competitiveness.
Corporate Information Update - Three Quarterly Performance Premiums; Overpredicted Price Volatility of Raw Materials; Unexpected Technological Advances
elastic, follow the battery break. 2021.8.17.