Kyodonga (000725) High-intensity industry, high-end performance of the panel, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Summary of performance: 2021h1, the company achieved business income of $10,72.9 million, an increase of 89.0 per cent over the same period; net return to mothers of $12,76 billion, an increase of 1019.3 per cent over the same period; high performance of beneficiary industries, showing high growth in business.
The Division ' s main business shows an increase of 89.3 per cent in revenue from the same year, an increase of 18 per cent in the volume of instruments sold on the same date, an increase of 45 per cent in the size of the same year, and a steady increase in the share of mainstream product markets in the world; an increase of 56.3 per cent in revenues from intellectual innovation; and a four-fold increase in the volume of products generated by an intelligent one-size-fits-all machine.
At the profit end, the price of the large increase in product line prices from the expansion of production capacity and the large increase in the price of the various product lines of the panels rose sharply, with the net return profit of the company in 2021 increasing more than 10 times as much: the company ' s Māori rate was 31.3 per cent. A reverse increase in sales was achieved in the lower economic environment than in the same period last year.
In a major shock, the company showed a negative growth in the sales of business displays, and the volume and market share of five major mainstream products (including lcd smartphones, laptops, monitors, tablets, and television) remained the world’s number one.
In the context of digital change, industry’s leading market position has steadily increased. Companies are pushing for a comprehensive digital transformation with the top goal of building a “one, digital, visible Kyoto East.”
The acquisition of 8.5-generation and 8.6-generation LCD lines in Nanjing, China, and Panda will strengthen the corporate lcd industry leadership: the Beijing Biotech Industry Base project is also well under way. The company is moving in an orderly manner towards the goal of efficient digital operations, improved management efficiency and business efficiency, and digital change.
The overall growth of the divisional panels is expected to be solidified, coupled with the continued optimization of the corporate product structure, increased profitability, increased brand concentration, healthy industrial development, and, in the era of intergenerational upgrading and the “interconnectedness of everything”, companies will stabilize their flagship status and are expected to grow gradually.
In April 1993, Boe was established as the world's leading semiconductor display of technology, products and service providers that provide intelligent port products and professional services for information interaction and human health.
The semiconductor displays the core of the enterprise, with miniled, sensors and solutions, intelligent systems innovation, and the integration of the intelligent medical profession in the development of the ‘1+4+n’ carrier complex. At present, the Kyoto East is ranked first in the five major applications, such as a liquid crystal screen for smartphones, a laptop screen, a tablet screen, a monitor screen for monitors, and a television screen.
After nearly 28 years of development, Kyoto East has become the premier in the global semiconductor landscape, showing a steady global output, with five major mainstream applications and several innovative applications leading the world. In 2020, Kyoto East was actively involved in the restructuring of the industry, successfully completing production-line mergers and acquisitions, further expanding its size and achieving market, technology, and regional threes.
At the same time, in order to further advance the transformation of the Internet, Kyoto East has launched a new development platform, the Center for Innovation in Smart Systems, as a key catcher and key engine for the transformation of the Internet. In 2020, in the context of a new global epidemic, with a huge impact on the global economy, firms insisted on innovation.
Driven by a negative growth in the sales of business monitors, the year-on-year sales of monitors increased by 18 per cent, icd smartphones, tablet computers, laptops, monitors, television, and the five major mainstream products showed a steady increase in the volume of screened goods and sales areas of the world, and the sales of innovative applications grew by more than 60 per cent and sales by 70 per cent, including wearing, esl, etc.
The e-plate, collage, and iot financial applications are the world’s leading markets; flexible-led products have made a breakthrough, with the same volume growing by more than 100% a year. Corporate equity structures are concentrated, and employees have been encouraged on several occasions to strengthen the foundations for long-term development.
All of them are Beijing Electronic Holdings Ltd., and they are also the parent of Kyoto Orientala. The company’s shareholdings are fragmented, with 10.6% of the top ten players in the Beijing State Capital Management Centre and 3.6% in the Hong Kong Central Clearing Company, all holding under 3%.
The introduction of equity incentives in 2020 helped to motivate the workforce, maintain core employee stability and enhance the enterprise market integration. The main business of the company is: showing career, chain of command innovation, intelligent medicine, meld, sensors and solutions.
In terms of revenue structure, in 2020, companies showed income from completion of a business of $131.97 billion, an increase of 16.0 per cent, growth in a battalion of 61.7 per cent, and operating income of 1.0 per cent; income from completion of an intelligent medical profession of $1.52 billion, an increase of 12.2 per cent and operating income of 1.1 per cent; and revenue from sensors and solutions of $120 million, an increase of 91.0 per cent and operating income of $91.0 per cent.
In 0.1 per cent, 2021h1, companies showed business completion income of $10.467 billion, an increase of 89.3 per cent, and business income of 97.6 per cent; intellectual system innovation revenue of $710 million, an increase of 56.3 per cent, and business income of 0.7 per cent; intelligent medicine industry of $860 million, an increase of 22.6 per cent, and business income of 0.8 per cent, and sensors and solutions.
In terms of the Māori structure, in 2020, Māori represented 18.3 per cent and Māori 90.5 per cent of the company ' s main business; Māori 26.1 per cent and Māori 1.1 per cent of the intellectual system ' s innovation; and Māori 52.4 per cent of the intellectual medical profession.
In the interim, the net profit on corporate repatriation increased from $1.88 billion to $5.04 billion, with an annual compound growth rate of 28.0 per cent, with 3.8 pp higher in 2018 and compared to the same period last year. 2021h1, the product structure of the company was further optimized, with the tight supply of the superimposed panels leading to price increases in product lines and a significant increase in the quality of profitability: the company ' s Māori rate was 31.3 per cent, compared with 14.4 pp in the same period last year; net interest rates were increased by 14.4 pp;
15.3 per cent, an increase of 15.1 pp over the same period last year.1 Operating cash flows: Net cash flows from corporate activities as a whole showed a steady increase from 2016 to 2020, with only the assumption that 1: the company is the global leader in the semiconductor area, with a continuous increase in the market share of the lcd mainstream application, 21 years ago
Further promotion of the framework of the “1+4+n” carrier industry over the course of six months, further optimization of the product structure, consolidation of the industry's high profile, significant increase in the quality of profits, taking into account downside risks in the conductor industry over the next two years, we expect the public sector to increase the sales volume of the devices business by 50 per cent, 12 per cent, 10 per cent, corresponding to the Māori rate of 28 per cent, 29 per cent, and the Māori rate, respectively, over the same period of 21-23 years.
We have selected four mainstream comparable companies in the industry, namely Rainbow Shares, Deep Sky Maa, tcl Science and Technology, and Dahua Stock 1) the risk of global macroeconomic fluctuations; 2) the risk that the new crown epidemic will repeatedly affect downstream demand.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.