China’s East China Airlines has built a modern and young fleet of aircraft with two pairs of “four in two cities” in Kyoto, one of China’s three major State-owned airline companies, and two hubs in the “four in two cities” in Kyoto.
China’s largest, commercial, and technologically leading wide-body fleet. The current increase in the size of China’s civil fleet is rapidly “down-stair” and is influenced by global supply chain disturbances, among other things.
One, sits on the two hubs of the “Four Cities” in Kyoto. Delivery capacity is falling. The gradual warming of the tourism market will help to boost the demand for air travel.
The average cost of aviation kerosene is lower than during the same period last year, which is conducive to increasing the profitability of companies. For the first time, coverage is given to the public.
China’s East China Airlines: Building a modern and young fleet of aircraft with two main hubs in the “Four Cities” of the two cities in Kyoto. China’s East Air Company Ltd., one of China’s three leading State-owned airlines, was founded on 25 June 1988 and became the first Chinese civil aviation carrier to be listed in Hong Kong, New York and Shanghai in 1997.
The business is for air passenger transport, which accounts for over 90% of the total, and 92% of the total, in 2024. There is an overall increase in the flow of assets from companies affected by the epidemic, and the rpk is at the forefront of the country. In 2024, it received hundreds of millions of yuan, an increase of 4.09%.
Air industry: Air passenger traffic grew by 172.8 per cent in the last 15 years and air fare prices were gradually marketed. My country ' s commercial air market was led by national, East and South flights, with 62.64 per cent of the total turnover of the three major shipping lines in 2024. Domestic passenger traffic reached 730 million times in 2024, an increase of 17.86 per cent compared with 17.86 per cent in 2024, a historic high.
At the end of the year, the Civil Aviation Authority continued to liberalize the prices of domestic shipping lines operated by more than three (including three) shipping companies, which are legally autonomous, and the overall marketing of shipping prices has become a major trend.
Key factors: One aircraft supply: China's civilian fleet is growing at a “down-stair” rate and is affected by global supply chain disturbances, among other things, resulting in a decline in the capacity of major aircraft manufacturers to deliver orders. Two travel requirements: there is still room for improvement in the number of flights by domestics compared to developed countries such as Europe and Japan and Korea, while China's per capita gdp is rising steadily.
Oil prices and exchange rate factors: oil prices and exchange rates are two important factors affecting the profitability of the Division, with aviation kerosene at an average price of $85.85 per barrel in September 2025, a decrease of 11.93% compared to the same period last year.
Improved profitability of companies. Macroeconomic cycle disturbances, seasonal impacts of aviation demand, risk of contingencies, competition for alternative transport, shortage of pilot resources and adverse fluctuations in exchange rates for oil prices.
• Transport: Airfields
1 China East Air: Building a modern and young fleet of two and a half aircraft in the two cities of Kyungjian: a modern and young fleet of aircraft in the two main hubs of the two cities of Kyungjung, China East Air Co. Ltd. is one of China's three major State-owned airlines. The company was established on 25 June 1988 in the former.
On 4 February 1997, stocks of the China Eastern Airlines Company Ltd. were listed simultaneously on the United States New York Exchange and the Hong Kong Joint Exchange; on 24 October, 300 million shares of a stock were issued on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the first airline to be listed by Chinese civil aviation in Hong Kong, New York and Shanghai.
On 30 December 2017, the company East Air Group of China completed its corporate transformation, which was officially renamed East China Air Group Limited, and East Air Group of China, which was officially converted from a publicly owned to a State-owned sole-owned company.
The company has for many years been evaluated by the Global Brand Communications Group, wpp, for “brandz’s best-value Chinese brand 100” and “brandfinance’s global airline’s brand 50’s.