China Taibo (601601: agent dividend disappears and the pain of the transition is still to be digested
The company was formed on the basis of the China Pacific Ocean Insurance Company, established on 13 May 1991, and is based in Shanghai, the leading “a+h” in the country.
In the three-quarterly report of 2019, China's Taibo realized 311.226 billion shares of operating income in the reporting period as a comprehensive insurance group. The company is focused on the owner and constantly enriches its operations around the chain of insurance owners.
Life, maternity, old-age, health, agricultural and asset management modules have been installed, business plates are being developed in a shared manner; customer needs are being addressed
The main reasons for the 80.2 per cent increase in the net profit on corporate homecoming during the reporting period are: 1. Insurance premiums, “client demand-driven” values and methods.
The theory has been internalized into the life genes of the company; the focus on value increases Long: life-risk operations pursue high-quality new business value increases One-time gains from tax reduction policies (4,881 million).
Long-term, production-risk operations maintain a profit-bearing policy, asset management operations achieve investment returns that continue to exceed the cost of liabilities, and while the three-quarter return net profit returns continue to yield high growth rates, the rate of increase has been narrower in the medium term.
In the absence of a significant change in the rate of return on investment (28.7% in the third quarter), the short-term negative impact of the life insurance transition on the company is still fermented. After the agent dividend faded away, the company received the life insurance premium since 2018, when it was introduced in document No. 134.
This year’s change in life insurance’s overall value transformation, double-digit reduction in proxy size, and open-door marketing strategy has exacerbated the transition. Data show that life-insurance premiums increased by 5.0% over the reporting period, further narrowing by 5.6% over the medium term.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that after the loss of the agent dividend, the pain of the transition is still to be absorbed.
By contrast, the fiscal risk portfolio, which is also in transition, is also promising, with premium revenues growing by 12.9% in the previous three quarters, second in rank to the market risk companies, a little less than 13.0%. Of this, the vehicle risk ratio fell to between 4 and 67%. In the context of the country’s growing support for agricultural risk policy, the firm has developed its agro-risk operations on the basis of the ANTI platform, which is expected to be the second largest risk to the company as the transition takes place.
The company’s fiscal policy structure will continue to be more diversified, more rational, and agricultural insurance will rely on its combined cost-rate advantage, increasing its share of business will push down the combined cost ratio. At the investment end, three-quarters of the company captures the opportunity for a boom in equity markets, continuously increasing equity asset allocation, and reporting end-of-term equity investments.
Assets increased by 0.8 pct to 14.5 per cent at the end of the comparative six-month period, with equities, stock-based and debt-based combined accounting for 8.9 per cent and 0.5 pct higher than at the end of the six-month period; and solid, despite the company's transition, the medium- and long-term investment logic has not been undermined, and it is expected that the new life insurance policy of 2020 will be “quant up and down” with the agent's efficiency gains, and that the fiscal transition will also lead to a “one-litre” in premium income and combined cost rates.
Downward risks to the domestic economy: risks of increased trade disputes between Central America and the United States: risks of falling capital markets: risks of financial regulation being harsher than expected: risks of less-than-expected mobility; risks of less-than-expected performance.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that after the loss of the agent dividend, the pain of the transition is still to be absorbed.
B.A., Wuhan University, Master of Science, Nankai University, “Mathematics + Finance” complex background. Four years of banking experience, four years of non-banking financial research experience, and two years of banking experience. First in the 13th New Wealth and Non-Golden Financial Industry in 2015 and fourth in the 14th New Wealth and Non-Golden Finance Industry in 2016; first in the 9th Crystalball and Non-Golden Finance Industry in 2015 and second in the 10th Crystal and Non-Golden Finance Industry in 2016.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.