The N-type production capacity is moving rapidly, with large stock orders continuing to grow, resulting in net profit of $1.005 billion for the mother, an increase of 161 per cent, and an increase of 9.4 per cent for the ring; and a net loss on the realization of non-mortality.
Overseas channel advantages guarantee a steady increase in the flow of goods. In the first half of the year, the company achieved component exits.
In the context of end demand expectations, the flow of goods continued to grow with the advantage of channels; the top three markets in the third division of companies were the Americas, China and Europe, with an emphasis on high-quality markets abroad, using advantages in product performance and quality, brands and channels for marketing
Price premiums and the construction of competitive barriers are expected to increase profits, share and competitiveness in a context of intense competition among components.
The group is one of the world’s largest electricity service providers, signing a 7gw module long list to supply products to the United States market, re-testing the advantages of overseas channels. The n-type technology is moving rapidly, and it is expected that the dividend period will be fully captured.
With a new battery output capacity of 50/60/70/80gw, it is expected that the product will be competitive enough to capture the dividends of the n product. Topcon, with 25.6% of the company ' s output efficiency and 8gw in the move.
The output was delivered in April, 14gw in Yangzhou on 8 August and 8gw in Thailand on the move for phase two is expected to be operational by the end of the year; in heterolytic knots, the company has produced a quantitative output of 25.6 per cent, with an expected increase of q4 to 26 per cent and a small bulk delivery of component products.
Large storage system orders are growing rapidly. The company’s large storage system is mainly focused on the United States market, with a reserve of 26gwh storage system orders as at the end of June 2023, and has signed $2.1 billion in hand orders, an increase of 62 per cent from the end of March, which is expected to continue contributing to higher performance.
The first products of the Salt City Solbank large storage line have been successfully offline, with production capacity of more than 10 gwh expected at the end of 23 years, supporting high growth in storage capacity.
The firm’s advantages in overseas channels are shaped by core competitiveness, increased integration rates on the market are multiplied, and a “buy-in” rating is maintained. The international trading environment is deteriorating: new technologies are not moving as fast as expected: RMB exchange rate fluctuations.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market