Performance exceeded expectations, and \triangleright realized a net profit of $1.725 billion, or +284.18 per cent. q2 realized revenue on a quarterly basis.
+20.31%. The company ' s excess performance is mainly due to the higher volume of light-voltage components and lower cost of raw materials. Photo-voltage integration is increasing, with immediate storage capacity.
+43% ~67%. The new capacity of the company is based on the n-topcon technology, with the accommodation base 8gw topcon II project under construction; the power of the battery cell from the Yangzhou base phase 14gw and the Thai base 8gwtopcon will be operational in the second half of 23 years, and the company is expected to be based on silicon at 210/182 mm by the end of 23 years
The Dom Youngkang film will produce 12 gw/18gw each. In addition, the company is synchronizing the front end of long crystals and silicon production capacity, which is expected to be reached by the end of the 24th year.
50/60/70/80gw, with a steady increase in the rate of integration. With regard to storage capacity, the Salt City construction solbank large energy production line is under construction, the first products have been successfully offline, and it is expected that by the end of the 23rd year, 10 gwh will be available for Kwok Yin-jin.
In the case of photovoltaics, companies increase their exposure to n-type light \triangleright.
Research and development input into the technology, with a 25.6% output efficiency in the N-topcon battery, a 98% target rate, and a 700w component capacity. The company optimizes product design and manufacturing processes.
In terms of storage, the company's multi-solbank energy products are certified as American, Chinese and Eurobills, and can study all of the world's reserves.
Market sales and applications, effectively building barriers to competition based on technological advantages. s010122060013 Focusing on high-quality markets, expanding emerging channels. Companies based on traditional quality markets, including Europe
In Latin America, companies have extended their distribution channels from Brazil to countries such as Peru and Chile, achieving a single-season 1gw+ in two consecutive quarters.
The company has continued to upgrade its marketing and service capabilities in mature markets such as the US and Europe, and has signed a storage system supply agreement with several well-known institutions such as the Pulsecleanergy Division of the United Kingdom 2023/06/19, the Blackstone-based aypapower company, among others.
At the same time, the markets of Japan, Australia, South America, etc. have been expanded and orders have been obtained, with a single sum of over $2.1 billion as of 23h1, laying a solid foundation for a 24-year increase in the size of the shipment.
Zhang, the volume of shipments is expected to increase continuously, and the storage system operations are expected to move forward and maintain a “recommended” rating. \triangleright, the methodological and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively and be held accountable for its content and views.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.