The advantages of overseas channels are evident, with sufficient stocks of light storage orders — the Atlas incident assessment report (688472.sh) — Ates released its semi-annual report for 2023: 2023h1 achieved operating income
zhanghan3@cfsc.com.cn iluodx@cfsc.com.cn Won, raw materials minus $126 million.
If the output of components increases, the cost of raw materials, freight, etc. falls, while the exchange rate gains that benefit from the devaluation of the renminbi increase. The advantage of overseas channels works, and the output of components grows strongly.
1 Attez (688472): Integration Group Old-Standing Brigades, Large Reserves Overseas Businesses Worth (without Tax) 14.3gw at Average Price, Top Three Markets
2023-06-18 in the Americas, China, and Europe, respectively. Of these, China’s market output rose by more than 80% on the same basis; Europe’s market volume rose by 57% on the same basis; and Latin America’s market produced the same volume.
With a 115% increase, the distribution channels have been extended from Brazil to Peru, Chile and more than 1 gw per single quarter for two consecutive quarters; the surge in African markets; and the recent signing of a long list of 7gw components in the United States, a fully-owned company in the United States of America.
It will be sold to the edrenewables North American company Topcon in 2024-2030, and all components will be produced by the company's new 5gw group plant in Mesquit, Texas, which is expected to be operational by 2023q4.
The signing of a long list of overseas components reflects the company’s competitiveness in the global market, which is conducive to ensuring long-term stability in the company’s sales and subsequent billing abroad.
By the end of 2024, the company expects to increase the capacity of the baton/silicon/cell block/assembly to 50/60/70/80gw, respectively. With regard to battery capacity, the company ' s non-topcon battery capacity is 25.6%, with a target of 98%, and the new battery capacity will be collected.
Using topcon technology, the accommodation base plans to add to the topcon battery product 16gw, phase 8gw was launched in April this year and phase 2 is under construction; and the state base 14gw and the Thai base 8gw Topcon battery capacity will also be used for the production of the topcon film.
Launched in 2023h2, the company also plans to further upgrade the n-type capacity through equipment upgrades. By the end of 2023, the company's 210-sized Topcon battery product is expected to be 12gw (4gw+8gw Thailand) and 182-sized toncon battery production
A total of 18gw (8gw + 10gw in Yang County) can be a company that offers 210 and 182 dimensions of topcon simultaneously in the market.
Company storage and component operations share distribution channels. As of 30 June, company flag e-storage has stocked some 26gwh storage system orders and signed contracts with $2.1 billion in hand orders (including for deliveries).
Long-term service contracts for the payment of services under the project were awarded in the first half of the year to several overseas storage energy project orders, such as Pulseclean energy, the Blackstone flag, the British cerogenation, and the British unibal.
In terms of capacity, the company currently has a large storage system with 2.5 gwh, is building a solbank large energy production line in the city's capital, and the first products have been successfully offline and are expected to produce more than 10 gwh by the end of 2023.
The company plans for a new energy light-storage whole-sector chain project at the Yangzhou base to prepare for the rapid growth of future energy storage systems integration operations. Demand is not as high as expected; the risk of a decline in the Māori rate; and the price of raw materials rises.
Risks; capacity expansion does not meet the expected risks; overseas markets fail to exploit the expected risks;
Rodithopus: Master of Arts, European School of Higher Business, and two degrees in Energy and Power Engineering and Finance, Xian University of Transport, in the direction of new energy sources.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
The Hong Kong market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer); the Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.