The N-share ratio has been gradually rising, and the reserves of large-scale storage energy projects are abundant: Attus published the mid-2023 report. In 2023, H1 achieved an operating income of 26,105 million yuan, an increase of 31.71 per cent compared to the previous year; a net profit of 1.923 billion yuan, an increase of 321,75 per cent compared to the previous year; and a deduction of non-net profits of 1,725 million yuan.
While the global market for components has risen steadily, and emerging markets have broken out: during the reporting period, companies have cumulatively sold 14.3gw solar components to 92 countries. The top three markets are the Americas, China, and Europe.
In the reporting period, the European market maintained a strong growth in the volume of goods delivered, with 57 per cent more than in the same year, and a higher share of markets in the distribution channels of large-scale and commercial power stations. The Latin American market was a traditional niche market for companies, which would be sold during the reporting period.
From Brazil to Peru, Chile, among other countries, the same increase of 115 per cent in the single-season volume of more than 1gw was achieved in two consecutive quarters. In emerging market Africa, the volume of deliveries rose by 340 per cent in the same amount. In light-voltaic capacity, new battery capacity was introduced in the form of n-topcon technology to meet global customer-to-n-efficient components.
In April this year, phase 8gw was put into production and phase 2 is under construction; phase 14gwtopcon battery production and phase 8gwtopcon battery production from Thai base will also be available.
In the second half of 2023, the company plans to further upgrade the n-type capacity by upgrading the equipment. By the end of 2023, it is expected that the topcon cell capacity based on 210 mm silicon size will total 12gw (4gw, Thailand 8gw) and the topcon battery capacity based on 182mm + silicon dimensions will total 18gww
(House 8gw, Yangzhou 10gw), the company is therefore a company that offers 210 and 182 dimensions of Tupcon batteries and components in a limited number of markets.
In a three-in-one business model, the company captures the end demand, and the client is predominantly a power station holder, not an epc contractor, so the company is a provider of value-added services, such as an integrated provider, a project contractor (epc), and a long-term maintenance service.
The Schenriche (e-Storage) owns a reserve of about 26gwh ' s storage system orders, and those who have signed contracts for $2.1 billion worth of purchase orders, including long-term service contracts, which provide services for projects that have been delivered by the company.
During the reporting period, the company signed a storage system supply agreement with a number of well-known overseas institutions, such as Pulsecleanergy of the United Kingdom, Aypapower of Blackstone, and United Kingdom ceregeneration. While upgrading marketing and service capabilities in mature markets such as the United States and Europe, the company expanded its marketing and service networks to Japan, Australia, and Japan.
The investment proposal is that companies are global photovoltaic component taps, and are expected to grow both production and profits as production of n components increases and production integration increases. Meanwhile, by expanding large-scale storage of energy, they are expected to grow.
I. The profit projection core assumes that the additional light-voltage loaders can reach more than 350 gw per year, an increase of about 50%. Since silicon is the main raw material for the components, taking into account the lower price of silicon, which stimulates the release of downstream demand, 23 years of additional loaders are expected to be further over-anticipated and component operations are expected to increase steadily, with 2023-25 projected
By the end of the year, it will be expanded to 10 gwh, and as of 30 June 2023, the company’s company’s company-owned e-storage has a reserve of about 26 gwh’s storage system orders, and signed contracts amounting to $2.1 billion in hand orders, including long-term services, to service the projects it has delivered. With product switching and capacity building completed, the company is expected to meet in 2024.
Photovoltaic systems and power station engineering epc operations: The global amount of photovoltaics has increased significantly, and the company’s photovoltaic systems and the epc industry are expected to increase steadily. The PV operation is expected to earn $31,58/3,207/3372 million in 2023-25, the Māori rate, and we have selected the industrial locomotive technology (solar assemblies, solar power stations, etc.) that is close to the business structure, and the East’s solar rise.
The company's profitability is expected to recover continuously with a “buy-a-a” rating, as it is able to deepen and increase the share of cells in n-topcon (solar assemblies, batteries, evacative film, etc.), crystal energy (solar components, photovoltaics, silicon, etc.).