The first non-financial coverage report for transport shipping ports is a stable global convergence with patterns that highlight the attributes of dividends.
Investment ratings: Increase (first) global convergence, full chain logistics model development, and stabilization of red-segregated policies.
The Division has experienced two re-organisations and acquisitions from the China Sea Group and the Eastern Overseas, leading to a container-based, vertical extension of the port logistics model.
Billion dollars. The net cash flow generated by the company’s operations has increased in tandem, laying a solid foundation for the company’s continued cash-distribution investor, Gentsung, and the digital intelligence and green low-carbon transformation to enhance core competitiveness.
Annual profits may still be significant. The Red Sea circumvention has led to a significant change in the supply and demand structure of the aggregates market, which has driven the price of the shipment to a significant level, but the slowdown in the delivery of the new ship and the significant increase in demand are expected to support the price.
In addition, the impact of environmental regulations on shipping costs and the vulnerability of supply chains to price disruptions will continue to be important factors affecting the fundamentals of shipping. Thus, despite the challenges of large new ship deliveries, the Red Sea is surrounded by the Red Sea.
In the context of good, recovery of demand and increased concentration of industries, it is expected that the combined market prices will remain above the 2023 level of water profitability forecasts and ratings: Middle and Far Sea control as the flagship of container shipping, with excellent managerial capacity, and in the context of the continuing red sea deviations, we expect the company to achieve net return profits of 490.82, respectively, in 2024-2026.
4.61/8.0.52 times the equivalent; for the first time, given the persistence of deviations from the Red Sea and the fact that the company, as a clustering dragon, can maintain considerable profitability during the end of the cycle, the instability of the geo-situation situation or will provide additional elasticity, giving “an increase in the size of the Long- and Medium-Sea Control as a container shipping tap, with excellent management capacity, in the context of continued deviations from the Red Sea”,
Billion dollars, at a rate of 105.71 per cent, 45.66 per cent, and 19.26 per cent respectively, the current stock price of pe, which would remain profitable at the end of the period, would provide additional elasticity, or would provide additional elasticity, with an “enhanced” rating.
Considerable gains have been made only as a result of the events in the Red Sea, and a good profitability can be maintained during the cyclical period. For example, 10.84%. At present, the situation in the Middle East is not stable, with good profit expectations in the context of continued deviations from the Red Sea, instability of the geographical situation or additional elasticity, with an “enhanced” rating.
End of the Red Sea bypass; industry price war risk; corporate redomination less than expected; exchange rate volatility risk; geopolitics 1. Global cluster leader with a focus on green intelligence development 1.1. Global pool leader
The company is a flagship company and capital platform of the shipping and terminal operators of the group. It was established on 3 March 2005 and successfully listed on 30 June 2005 on the Hong Kong joint venture main board (stock number:
As a core member of the Middle and Far Sea Shipping Group, China Far Sea control focused on container shipping and port operations. Initially, the company had container shipping as its main business, and then expanded to the field of dry bulk. However, the continuing losses from dry bulk operations prompted the company to make strategic adjustments in 2015 and, through a merger, removed the business block from the container shipping service supply chain.
Optimization and development. In 2018, companies significantly improved their competitiveness in the global container shipping market through M&As. In 2022, companies transformed into global digital supply chains with container shipping as a platform for operating and investing in technological innovations and business models.
The owner of the company is China Ocean Transport Ltd., which effectively controls the National Finance Committee. As of 30 September 2024, China Far East Shipping Group held 43.92% of the company’s shares.
The company has achieved world leadership through horizontal mergers and acquisitions and vertical extension of port logistics. The company ' s Master Operating Standard (GCM) has been on an overall upward trend from 2015 to the present, reaching 3.2 million Teu as of December 2024, with a share of global capacity.
At 10.50 per cent, the world's first echelons are stable, with the world's leading international container transport service providers operating under the flag of the company by mid- and long-distance shipping, and the eastern overseas, with the company as a whole carrying 10,000 standard boxes, an increase of 7.8 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, with the company maintaining its capacity at the industry's first echelon; the average age of the ship is 12.8 years, single.
In 2016, China Sea Control took over all of China Sea Group operations, refocusing on container-related operations. Reorganizing with the East overseas in 2018 further boosted the company’s share and competitiveness in the assembly market.
In the first half of 2024, the company collected more than in 2023 than in 2023, owing to the long-termization of the Red Sea events.
Figure 5: Over 90% of the revenue from containerized operations (in billions of yuan) Companies gradually narrow the gap in profitability with their overseas leaders, surpassing the latter in the first half of 2024. With the effects of supply chain disruptions during the new crown, the price hikes have led to a significant improvement in the net return profits of companies to their mothers.
In mid-2021, the net profits of the Mt. Mt. Mt. and the Mt. Mt. Rt. rose by 800% and 530%, respectively, to $140.06 billion and $17.942 billion respectively. From 2022, the difference between Mt. Mt. Nt. Mt. Mt. and Mt. Mt. was gradually reduced, and in the first half of 2024, the net profits of the Mt.Mt. were 2.43 times higher.
Figure 7: The profitability of the company’s core business exceeded that of the ocean in the first half of 2024, with the company taking into account the level of profitability, shareholder returns, and future development needs.
At the end of the period, the undistributed profits grew steadily and net cash flows generated by company h1 operations amounted to RMB 22,638 million in 2024, laying a solid foundation for company digital intelligence, green low-carbon transformation and upgrading core competitiveness.
1.2. Positively responding to green low-carbon, new trends in intelligent shipping The company accelerated the process of decarbonization in the medium and long term by ordering new energy ships, such as methanol, to adapt green technologies to build a green fuel supply chain system. In 2023, the company ordered 12 24,000 standard cases of methanol double fuel power.
Container ships. In the first half of 2024, eight new contracts were signed for the conversion of the vessels ' methanol double fuel power and continued promotion of fleet modification plans, biofuel piloting and green fuel supply chain construction. On 29 August, the company issued a public announcement ordering a total of 12 multi-fuel container ships with a maximum of 14000 tons of high-refrigerated methanol in Latin America.
In 2023, the company launched the Initiative to Promote the Use of Atolls by Port Ships, which provided 100% full coverage of container berths in domestic holding docks, with a cumulative total of 4,060 calls and the same amount of power.
At the same time, there has been a significant development of distributed photovoltaic projects in ports, with a total installed capacity of 10 megawatts (mw) at the end of 2023, with a projected annual capacity of about 9 million kilowatt-hours (kwh). In 2024, the port plates under the corporate umbrella promoted fractal solar applications, wind energy applications, green smart lighting applications, and actively promoted the use of cavities, cumulatively in January-June.
The use of cascading power has grown by 170% the same year. Corporate ports have continued to drive energy innovation, building on the green rise for a low-carbon transformation of supply chains, while firms have accelerated the launch of a series of green digital supply chain products. In 2023, the synconhub power level under the flag integrated the entire chain of resources under the line, creating a wide range of unique supply chain products, including flow-oriented, precision packages.
“Thai” series of products featured; “Standing” series of products characterized by a focus industry with a professional breakdown; “Standing” series of products with a global profile; and “Standing to” series of products dominated by imports, providing a richer and more valuable supply chain solution for thousands of businesses. 2024, a climate-friendly shipment for customers.
As of 24 years, the company has accumulated 30 portfolio products covering more than 90 countries and regions around the globe. Many green digital supply chain products are meeting the growing green demand of customers.
At the same time, it further reduces the cost pressures of its own green transformation. In the future, by continuing green construction around an integrated global corridor network of “Corporate Shipping + Port + Related Logistics,” companies will actively promote supply chain eco-innovation, smart interconnected eco-innovation, green low-carbon eco-innovation, and invest in science, technology and innovation.
Create new development models, new growth dynamics, and better enable high-quality development with new-quality productivity, thereby providing better quality services to clients and creating greater value for shareholders.
2.1. International container liner transport is conducted in a regular liner mode. Liner transport, i.e., regular liner transport, is a shipping using a fixed vessel, attached to a fixed port on a fixed route, according to an open schedule of ships.
The boom and bust in the world economy has shaped the boom and bust in the clustering industry. At the supply end, the bulk of the transport costs are due to ship power, and from the supply side, the bulk of the transport costs are due to ship capacity.
New ship delivery, ship scrapping, speed range, loading rates, etc. The supply-side impact factors are passed on to depths, and reflective of deep development issues such as ship magnification, unionization, industry concentration, etc. The supply-side impacts are more complex and varied than the demand-side.
Figure 13: Longer industrial chains in the clustering industry Round of the clustering market cycle, with a relatively short transport history. The period from 1966 to 1990 was considered a period of growth in the clustering industry, of which 1966-1984 was the industry’s climate cycle and 1985-1990 was the depression cycle.
Transport became widespread, and the construction of dedicated docks made it possible for “sea-land-cum-sea” transport to become more efficient. The 1990-2019 transition was a long-term transition from industry to maturity, with the 1990-2008 weather cycle.
Trapped in low transport prices, a number of liner companies were reshuffled around 2016, and the clustering industry began a trend towards integration and merger, which can be considered a recessionary cycle for 2008-2019. Containerization penetration peaked during this period, with a significant slowdown in growth, marked by a long-term shift in the industry from growth to maturity.
Since 2020, as a result of the new coronary epidemic, the supply side has been severely restricted, causing prices to rise rapidly. In 2022, as economic demand in Europe and the United States cooled down, prices fell. In 24 years, container ships on the Asia-Europe route were forced to bypass the Cape of Good Hope, the supply of power was tight, and the prices went up again.
The long-termization of the Red Sea events will continue to support the high levels of the Red Sea market. On the fundamentals of the shipment, the outlook for the Year 2025-2026 cannot be ignored. The situation in the Middle East continues to be tense or makes it difficult to end the red Sea deviation.
Vanteu, the highest delivery ever since the clustering industry was recorded. An additional 262 container ships, totalling 2.13 million tons, are expected to be delivered in 2025.
The Red Sea bypass has led to large-scale readjustments in transport routes, a drop in traffic and a substantial increase in shipping prices. Since August 2024, as a result of the normalization of events in the Red Sea and the arrival of “boots” from the United States tariff on Chinese goods, cargo owners have made early deliveries and the collection price has fallen, but it has remained relatively high.
Figure 20: The surge in transport prices on the European shipping line has led to a substantial increase in prices on other routes and to the maintenance of high-profile shocks. 2.3. Analysis of the competitive patterns of transport on the combined ships continues to build up. As container shipping develops, when most of the suitable containers are containerized, the containers are containerized.
For the shipping industry, the effect of economies of scale is to reduce unit costs by increasing the scale of production, so that the Division can build larger ships to load more containers. Large ships can load more cargo, reduce unit transport costs, and share more fixed lines.
In recent years, with global economic integration, growth in world trade, and technological advances in maritime transport, the process of large-scaleization of container ships has accelerated. The bulk of current orders are for large ships above 12 kteu, which were supplied in 2025-2026.
The integrated shipping industry operates in a liner mode, which means a more intensive shift and a more comprehensive network of services that can make more efficient use of the power generated by the large-scaleization of ships, increase ship loading rates, and capture a larger market share. Individual carriers have limited capacity to cover all routes and provide intensive shifts at the same time. Economies of scale-driven liner companies do not.
The merger began in the 1990’s, with several major shipping alliances, such as the Great Alliance.
In 2015, two-m alliances were formed between Maski Shipping and Mediterranean Shipping. In 2016, a wave of integration and mergers emerged in the clustering industry, with Daffy buying the East Sea, Emperor Daffy buying the East Overseas, the Middle and Far Sea and the European Union, and the three major Japanese container shipping companies.
In 2016 to 2024, despite changes in the Alliance’s membership, the three Alliances continued to occupy a significant share of the two main trans-Pacific and Asia-Europe routes. As of December 2024, 2m, the Alliance and the Alliance controlled 81.4% of global capacity.
Now that the three major alliances are about to change, Mediterranean Shipping (msc) and Maersk (Maersk) announced on 25 January 2023 that they had agreed to terminate 2m operations from January 2025. As the 2m alliance announced when it dissolved, “the termination of 2m Alliance operations would pave the way for the two companies to continue pursuing their strategic development.
The Maski Shipping and Heberoth announced that the Twin Stars program started in 2025, leaving Heberothe's the name "premieralliance" (pa), and that the msc, which was preparing for "single-flying" , was buying and ordering new ships on a large scale.
The frenzied expansion of power may be the strategic layout of msc for a future monopoly of the clustering industry. But the current transport of msc does not support its absolute competitiveness on all routes.
Cooperation with the PremieralLiance (pa) will be carried out, inter alia, in the area of position exchange. By working with the Pa, the msc can have 13 routes on the European line, which greatly improves competitiveness. By working with the Zim, the msc covers seven routes on the US-West line, making up for the previous deficiencies on the US-West.
It is important to note that msc's departure from the 2m union is not simply a one-way flight, but a search for development as a more flexible and independent entity that transcends the union. In 2025, msc worked with zim on the American line, with PremieralLiance (pa) on the European line, etc.
If such cooperation can be sustained, the msc can also form a higher “coalition” than the ocean union, which is today the largest transport force. The washing board of the transport union is not a reversal of the unionization, but a reorientation of the shipping division.
Compared with the available capacity (as of December 2024), there is no change except for members of the Alliance for the Ocean (at 28.5%), with 21.4% of the newly created Twin Stars leaving Heberot with 11.5% of the pa and 20% of the single msc, and it is clear that the trend towards unionization has not changed.
The way they operate has implications, such as the announcement of 90% compliance in the future by the Gemini alliance of Muski and Heberot, and the announcement by msc that a new East-West separate transport network will be launched in February 2025.
There were two M&As in history. The first was in 1996-2005, when the Maeski Group acquired iron slag, the second in 2015-2017, when Heberoth acquired Pacific shipping. The second took place in 2015-2017, when he bought the East Sea Emperor, the Middle and Far Sea, and the South America of Hamburg, and the three major Japanese container shipping companies.
Merge into “one.” There is a delicate and complex relationship between the restructuring of the shipping union and the changes in the size of liner companies, which has led to a certain turnover of the shipping union. The more obvious effect is that the merger has increased the concentration of the industry, giving the shipping division a stronger bargaining power, effectively reducing price wars during depressions and reducing market volatility.
In December 2024, the world’s top ten container liner companies had a market share of 84%, and the market was in a monopolistic state of competition. The integrated business model had the basis for head concentration.
Figure 28: Liner company patterns are becoming more stable (as of December 2024) The mismatch between supply and demand of the epidemic and the dry run of the Red Sea has led to substantial profits for the Division. In contrast to the pre-epidemiological situation, the cash assets of each container shipping company have increased significantly.
Nervous, with sufficient cash assets, the Division can be more resilient to down-price risks. If prices continue to be low, this will be a major test for the heavy-assembly shipping industry, which will inevitably re-establish the tailings division’s clean-up and the clustering industry’s further concentration towards the head.
Currently, the trend towards the large-scaleization of ships is continuing, and the pattern of the union of ships is reshuffling. While there are fluctuations in the internal rankings among liner companies, the overall pattern is becoming stronger and more head-to-head, signalling that the growing tension in the clustering industry will be more intense in the situation in the Middle East, making it difficult to end the red-sea bypassing situation in the short term.
As with the end of the 2023 epidemic, the Red Sea bypass will continue until 2025, we believe that the aggregating market is falling back in the second half of the year, but will continue to fall in 2025.
At the same time, markets will continue to face uncertainties about the sustainability of the Red Sea bypass, geopolitical instability, and potential Trump tariffs. In the case of the European Line, the Red Sea bypass has increased about 40% of the range, increasing the additional transport and fuel costs.
Further stringent environmental regulations in 2025 (carbon taxes require upgrades and green fuel regulations begin to be collected) will raise environmental costs. These two points will increase maritime transport costs to some extent and support the Division’s high prices at higher shipping prices.
Figure 31: Environmental regulations will be implemented over the next few years and the shipping division will continue to raise environmental costs • imo:eexi/cii implementation
• eu:ets (EU carbon tax) has been implementing • imo: development of medium-term measures such as a global carbon tax — eu:fueleu has been implementing
• eu fully implement the carbon tax scheme — imo: implementation of medium-term measures such as the global carbon tax began. 3. Profit forecasting and rating
Middle- and long-range ocean control, as the flagship of container shipping, combined with good managerial capacity and high concentration in the industry, allows companies to maintain a good profitability at the end of the cycle. We expect companies to achieve an operating income of 242.04 in 2024-2026, combined with a significant profit during the end of the cycle, and the instability of the geographical situation or additional elasticity that will provide an “increase”
(1) End of the Red Sea circumvention: The Red Sea circumvention absorbs a large amount of power, which, if quickly concluded, would result in an extremely high cost of transport 2) industry price war risk: changes in industry patterns, the shift from a profit-oriented to a market share orientation of the main shipping division, leading to 3) corporate red points less than expected: corporate dividends fall short of expectations and affect dividends rates;
4) Risk of exchange rate fluctuations: Loss of exchange rate as a result of exchange rate fluctuations affecting performance; 5) Geopolitical risk: geopolitical risk affects trade routes or negatively affects prices.
My personal views on the subject matter securities and issuers are not present, do not relate to, and will not be directly or indirectly linked to, specific investment opinions or opinions in this report, in a diligent and professional manner, using information on legal compliance, and in an independent and objective manner.