IUF 25h1 performance forecast: q2 net profit for the mother, q2 net gain for the same year, a sustained release for the i operation, a high growth for cloud computing, a 50% increase for the q2 battalion on the same date. Corporate product structure continues to be excellent.
\triangleright \triangleright, product volumes are climbing up the slopes, and customers are increasingly demanding the hyper-scateai machine products at the \i data centre.
The company’s share of the core products of large clients continues to grow significantly. With the advantage of a well-developed global production mix and a more visible industrial chain, the company’s market share among major clients continues to rise and client relations deepen.
Communications and mobile network equipment anchoring intelligent manufacturing and i-integration development opportunities, promoting robust business \triangleright growth.
In the case of high-speed switches, the company’s product structure continues to improve, driven by a continuous increase in demand, with a 2024 full \triangleright of the q2800g switch.
It's a core unit of the Arithmetic Chain, and we're looking at the company's development prospects in this area, maintaining the risk factors for the company: ai underdevelopment; risk of macroeconomic fluctuations; short-term stock price fluctuations; IU 2024; first quarter of 2025.
• Industrial wealth union: a significant increase in income, and the Ministry of Finance is in the process of developing a golden age
UIC's three-quarterly review: i's at the heart of the industry chain, and waits for gb 200.
In August, he joined the Sino-Chinese Securities Electronics Group in November 2022.
The first securities, the Sadi think tank, joined the Sindam Securities Electronics Group in January 2025, looking at semiconductors, etc. The Sindam Securities Electronics Group, looking at storage chips, simulation chips, etc.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.