Investment rating: increase (maintain) of $36.76 billion in business income for company h1 in 2025, an increase of 35.6 per cent over the previous year
0.1 pcts. The growth in company h1 performance was largely driven by the acceleration of global arithmetic infrastructure, an increase in the market share of company ai server operations, which led to a significant increase in the volume of goods and revenues.
Corporate prices compared to the trend of 300 depths: Gb series product release-driven performance exceeded expectations 25q2 and corporate overall server receipts increased by more than 50 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with csp servers receiving the same amount
The company ' s gb200 assembly rate was significantly better than q1, with a significant increase in capacity utilization, a steady upturn from North American csp and sovereign state orders, and a clear quarterly upward trend in gb200h2 performance.) gb300: H2 is expected to move towards substantial delivery and single-stage profits are expected to exceed gb200.
It is expected that post-natal size will be an important support for the company’s 26-year-old ai server business.)Asic: The company and the major North American csp are working in depth on multiple production links in the asic server area, and the products are expected to contribute to the company over 26 years due to their high degree of customization.
• Communications network operations: high-speed switches and sophisticated structures growing robustly 1) high-speed switches: the company ' s 800g high-speed exchange has achieved a significant volume of delivery and 25h1 has been received
The year's cargo masters; at the same time, the cpo, new generation asic and 1.6t exchanges developed by the company in collaboration with a number of clients are moving forward and will gradually move to the market. 2) Precision structural elements: benefits from the high-end sales of cellular phones and high-end machinery for large clients, and the volume of goods delivered in the first half of the year by the company's sophisticated structural units.
This represents an increase of 17 per cent over the same period. The company is expected to achieve a higher profitability elasticity in the business, driven by the increased difficulty of the product processing process and the iterative nature of the client product cycle.
By the end of the second half, q1 maintained strong momentum, industry competition increased risks, demand recovered less than expected, capacity built less than expected, 2. Industrial wealth union (601138.sh): ai server
The new business is not expanding as much as expected, and demand is strong, cloud computing continues to grow.
Contact person: Xiao Chun Xu, Assistant Researcher in the electronics industry of Huaan. B.A., Master of Accounting, University of Technology, Hong Kong, 2025, using legally compliant information, and presenting this report independently and objectively, the data and information used in this report are from the market.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.