Communications group gb200 exits with a two-fold rise in good rates, where ai injects dynamic energy into the company ' s high performance.
1. “Industrial wealth federations: growing demand for arithmetical power, product and customer structure” 2. “Industrial wealth federations: an i-led performance growth, new product production capacity in the gb200 series climbing up the slopes, good rates continuously improving, adding dynamic energy to corporate income growth:
Adequate, 2024.10.31 ai server share in corporate cloud computing has steadily increased, resulting in product structure 3. `Industrial wealth union company rating: i server revenue has doubled and performance has continued to increase.
Optimized. The overall server collection for 2025 grew by 50 per cent over the same year, with a one-time increase of 60 per cent over the same year. The company’s market share in the major major clients also increased, with the cloud service provider’s server collection rising by more than 150 per cent over the same year.
According to the company’s announcement, the production rate of the gb200 series has improved continuously, and the output has risen by the season, and the company’s important replacement plant as a British Weidaai server is expected to benefit fully. A robust growth in the revenue of sophisticated institutions has led to a rapid release of 800g high-speed switches: the benefits have been realized.
In the future, genai and folding devices drive smartphones, industrial upgrading, and we believe that companies still hope to maintain their presence in the core through a globalized production layout.
In terms of network equipment, the company's revenue from the 800g high-speed switchboard in the first half of the year was three times higher than in the same period last year. We see that, driven by the one-way approach, the product structure of the company continues to upgrade, generating a double increase in revenue and profits.
Acic is expected to open up a new growth space: four major North American cloud producers increased their capital spending by a year-on-year ratio, and corporate fundamentals (RMB)
Xi’c’along: At the same time, the business model is becoming clear, productization is accelerating, providing solid support for the need for arithmetic power, and the company’s future performance is high in visibility. At the same time, the asic server uses a rack design to further open up the company’s growth space.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating North Americanai is progressing less than expected, client concentration is at higher risk, market competition increases risk.
Appendix: Summary of forecasts of three statements