Huhui2@guosen.com.cn zhangdawei1@guosen.com.cn Cloud computing operations are growing rapidly, and there is an increase in the collection of ai servers.
The product structure continues to be optimized, the volume product is climbing up the slope, and clients are increasingly demanding the products of the hyper-scalai machine cabinets at the ai data centre. Of this, the ai server received the same s0980526001.
Over 60% increase, cloud serviceer server receipts more than 1.5 times higher. Companies continue to lead the way in the nuclear core product share of large clients. Productions such as advanced arithmetic gpu modules and gpu calculators have grown significantly in the second quarter. With a well-developed production profile in many parts of the world, and more significantly.
In terms of communication and mobile network set-up, corporate anchoring of opportunities for the development of intelligence manufacturing and the integration of ai, based on cutting-edge technology research and development.
Strength, technological R & D inputs for the continuous addition of core products, which drive the business to grow robustly.
In the case of high-speed switches, the structure of the company’s products has improved continuously, driven by a continuous increase in demand, and 800g switchboards in the second quarter received three times as much as in 2024.
Gb300 servers were deployed worldwide for the first time, and the ai infrastructure still has a lot of space. On July 3, local time, cloud server coreweave announced that it had received the first one of the servers in the market based on the latest high-end chips in British Welda, gb300nvl72, representing a significant leap in the load performance of the ai reasoning exercise;
On June 25, Huang In-hoon said that Ying Wei Da was on the threshold of the 10-year infrastructure development cycle, with the biggest growth opportunities for ai and robotics, bringing about trillion-dollar markets. Investment proposals: to raise profit expectations and maintain a “better than the big city” rating.
The company will continue to benefit from large-scale ai-building, with the gb200 series of output and the gb300 series successfully delivered in the second half of the year, and is expected to be operating in 2025-2027.
Industrial Wealth Federation (601138.sh) - Second quarter revenue growth of 46 per cent over the same period, i server, i. Industrial Wealth Federation (601138.sh) - 2023 net profit increase of 4.82 per cent over the same period, i: Figure 1: Corporate operating income and growth (billion yuan, %)
Figure 2: Quarterly operating income of the company and rate of increase (billion yuan, %) Figure 3: Quarterly Quarterly Quarterly Quarterly Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quantity
Figure 5: Sub-products of companies as a percentage of GDP (%) Figure 6: Sub-products of companies as a percentage of Māori (%) Figure 8: Corporate Māori, Net Interest Rates, Cost Rates (%)
Figure 9: Quarterly cost rates for companies Figure 10: Quarterly Māori rates, net interest rates, cost rates (%)
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author