In July, IUF issued its semi-annual performance forecast for 2025, with 2q25 predicting that I would drive ahead of expectations and buy back to show confidence in long-term growth. In the first half of the year, IUF returned to its mother ' s net profit.
\triangleright follow-on companies will continue to buy back and show confidence in long-term growth. \triangleright \triangleright \
In the second quarter of the year, corporate and cloud computing operations achieved high growth in the second quarter of the year, cloud computing operations received more than 50 per cent over the same period last year, i servers earned more than 60 per cent more than the same time, cloud servers received more than 150 per cent more than the same time, and i data centres maintained a steady roll-out of hyper-scale machine cabinets, reflecting customers.
At the same time, there has been a significant increase in the company’s supply side of the i core components, such as gpu modules, gpu calculators, etc. In the 800g high-speed exchange, the company has made a remarkable performance, and in the second quarter it has received three times the year 2024 level of related operations, showing that it has high bandwidth and high performance network communication equipment.
The company’s product structure continues to be optimized, and the advantages of global industrial chains are further accentuated. ai’s server output has accelerated, with gb200 output driving new growth.
The server oem core, which has a market share of about 40% of the i server, with major customers covering core csp manufacturers like Microsoft, Amazon, Google, etc., is expected to benefit fully from the release of the i server. The advance market is concerned about the delay in the delivery of gb200, while the current gb200 ratio has been resolved and the server has entered a large scale.
During the cargo phase, the Federation of Industries, one of the most important suppliers of the British Weddagb 200 cabinets, has taken the lead in completing the delivery of the gb200 cabinet at 4q24, and is expected to bring about a significant increase in the company's performance this year.
2. The performance of the Confederation of Industrial Wealth (601138.sh) is reported in the semi-annual report for 2024.
Review: The high rate of income growth of the i server, the tide of the arithmetic age, gb200 is expected to bring a significant increase in the company's performance and maintain a “recommended” rating.
\triangleright 4. In-depth report of the Confederation of Industrial Wealth (601138.sh): ai gold began in the era and hardware production taps re-opened - 2024/07/
The report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not been or will not be directly or indirectly charged with the specific recommendations or views contained in the report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.