IUPU's semi-annual report, 2025: net profits are at the upper limit of the forecast, aicapex growth core benefits: on 10 August, IUF published its semi-annual report, 2025.
In 2025, a large number of global cloud service providers continued to expand their spending on the capital of the infrastructure of the country.
As the cloud service provider continues to push the arithmetic layout, the market for the ai serviles continues to grow. According to Trendforce data, the demand for the ai server grew in 2025 and the asp contributed more, producing $298 billion.
The company has built solid R & D and intelligent manufacturing advantages in the area of the i server, with continuous increase in customer viscosity and a growing emphasis on technology and productivity. The company continues to optimize its product structure in cloud computing, i-services.
In the second quarter, the company's overall server collection grew by more than 50 per cent, the cloud service provider's server collection grew by more than 150 per cent in the same year, the i server camp grew by more than 60 per cent in the same year.
The demand for network equipment has erupted, and the demand for high-speed switches has increased.
Half a year, the high-level trend in the smart cellular market will continue with the genai and folding devices that will bring new growth dynamics to the industry. In the first half of the year, 800g high-speed switch camps.
The firm’s market share in the core client group has further consolidated the firm’s global high performance net profit growth of about 50% over the year, its business continuity and its competitiveness in the area of its infrastructure. At the same time, the company has continued to expand its global output through sustained expansion.
In the first quarter of 2025, the Industrial Wealth Federation reported on the full-blown one-wave wave of benefits, which was the first of its years of operation.
\triangleright Confederation of Industries: a significant increase in related income and the Ministry of Finance is in the process of developing gold
Developmental prospects in the field, maintaining a “buy-in” rating for companies.
In Beijing, in November 2022, he joined the Sino-Chinese Securities Electronics Group, which studied optical, consumer electronics, motor electronics, etc.
The original securities, the Saidi think tank, joined the Sindam Securities Electronics Group in January 2025, which studied semiconductors, etc. The Sindam Securities Electronics Group, which studied the storage of chips, simulation chips, etc. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.