A strong demand for a ai server and a continuous improvement in the gb200 series led to a rapid increase in capital spending and a surge in high-end dai servers. Technology breakthroughs, represented by large models and generation ai, promoted applications in 2025.
The situation has entered the outbreak phase, with four major North American cloud service providers expected to achieve a high rate of growth in their combined capital spending in 2025 compared to the previous year, with a significant increase in the share of investment in the ai cloud infrastructure, leading to a surge in demand for high-end ai servers. Companies further deepen their engagement with North America, by strengthening synergies in the industrial chain.
Strategic collaboration among the top technology firms in Asia and the Pacific. The company achieved a steady improvement in its business income of 3,607.60 gb200 series in the first half of the year, with the Gb300 entering the substantive delivery phase in the second half of the year.
q2 overall server collection grew by more than 50 per cent over a steady increase, cloud service provider server receipts were equal (billion shares) total equity/flow equity (198.59/1998).58 over a 150 per cent increase, i server collection over a 60 per cent increase in the same year, and gb200 product series was achieved
In addition to this, there is a steady improvement in productivity and good rates, and the volume of goods is rising on a seasonal basis, with orders coming from large North American cloud service providers with the highest/lowest price in 52 weeks, while the cases of sovereign and brand clients are moving forward simultaneously.
Gb300 has also received a clear demand from some of the major cloud service providers, and in the second half of the year gb300 will be gradually entering the material delivery phase, and it is expected to become a company-ai server business next year.
In terms of telecommunications and mobile network equipment, the client's share of certain specific arithmetic species is high, and the output of components in the first half of the year is 17% higher than in the second half of the year.
In the first half of the year, the 800g high-speed switch rate was nearly three times higher than 2024 years, with the increasing demand for computing and network bandwidth from the training and reasoning model of the one with a high rate of exchange.
The demand for machines has continued to grow, with 800g products expected to be the main supplier for the period 2025-2026, and is expected to be a core growth engine for the switchboard business. In addition, the company, in collaboration with a number of clients, is also moving forward with the cpo (combined optical) new generation asic and 1.6t switchboards, which are now in progress.
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.