The agency rate has been revised downwards again, with excellent consumer lending and financial management performance.
Improved net profit rate and proactive cost savings by lowering agency rates: in 2024, company revenue increased in comparison to the post office bank (stock code: 601658); parent net profit increased in relation to +0.43 per cent.
Zhang 1st Platoon, research assistant Yuan Sejian, has been supported with precision. Retail loans have increased by +10.42%, and all loans have remained positive, including non-mortgage loans.
Financial management, investment performance, investment returns driven by interest-free growth: in 2024, the company's non-interest-earning income was equal to and 55.75 per cent of the surrogate transaction fees, mainly affected by the combined reporting lines; however, the benefits were larger and the revenue from financial operations increased to +40.06 per cent, and the investment sector was driven by the growth in syndicate lending and debt sustainability income.
Retail risk increases and capital improvements can take place: at the end of 2024, the company ' s non-performing lending rate was 0.9%, and the ratio to-1bp. The overall risk to the asset quality of the company is manageable, retail risk increases, retail underperforming rates +16bp to 1.28%, of which individuals are more likely to be under-generated and expected to be run by micro-owners.
The investment proposal is: the company is a major state-owned company behind a postal group. The self-employment + agency model is unique, and the agency's fees are adjusted to promote long-term healthy development. The three farmers, inclusive, individual financial operations are solid, companies, cities, niches, etc.
A balanced development space is created for integrated finance. The advantage of the value deposit is significant. The asset quality level is better, with risk offsets. Figure 1: Postal bank revenue collection, net gains and speed increases. Figure 3: Net income and speed of interest from the Postal Bank
Figure 4: Net interest differentials and negative returns/cost rates on PBRD, Figure 5: Size and acceleration of PBN loans, Figure 6: Size and rate of increase of PBS loans to public and retail loans
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.