Postal Bank (601658.sh): Profit maintenance 30 March 2025
Postal Bank incident: On 27 March, the Bank issued its annual report for 2024, which achieved a year-round return of net profits to the mother of 3.4878, 86.480 million yuan, compared to 1.8 per cent and +0.2 per cent, respectively; the weighted average Roe was 9.84 per cent.
Positioned as a service to the Three Farmers, urban and rural residents, and small and medium-sized enterprises, PBS is committed to providing services to the most dynamic client groups in China's economic transition and to accelerating the flow of data-driven, collaborative and coordinated channels.
The bank has excellent asset quality and significant growth potential, and it is China’s share of other non-interest income that boosts the growth rate and keeps the net profit positive.
In the face of China’s economic and social development, a total of 348.780 billion dollars, or +1.8% of the year, were raised by 1.7 pct compared to the previous three quarters; the main strategic opportunity period is a promising period in which new developments will be pursued in depth.
The idea is to deepen reforms and innovations across the board and accelerate the "specialization, benefiting from other non-interest income increases." Specifically, (1) net interest income increases by +1.5 per cent, increasing integration, lightization, digitization, intensification and transformational development.
Quick-ring ratio is almost equal. This is mainly due to a narrow interest-rate reduction and robust growth. (2) Non-interest income continuously improves the economic performance of service entities, investing in service clients compared to +3.2% and an increase of 9.2 pct. Of this, net fee-paying income is the same as 10.5%, a decrease.
Capacity-building efforts to become a customer-trusted, distinctive, robust, safe, innovation-driven, high-value, large retail business with a narrow 2.1 pct over the previous three quarters. Other non-interest income, such as return on investment, increased by 15.2% over the same period, mainly by
In the area of profits, companies have continued to improve cost controls, improving 5.6 pct quarterly. Because of the risk pressures of retailing, companies have continued to build up their provisions, increasing their provisions.
This is the first time that the deposit agent fee has been reduced voluntarily, as announced by the Post Office on 30 September 2024. Based on the 2024 proxy savings deposit, this adjustment is measured.
As a result, the combined agent rate fell by 4bp to 1.04%, the savings agent fee by 3.5 billion yuan, and cost income by 2024 by 1 pct. The burden of capital remained robustly expanding, with the advantage of deposit stability highlighted.
Public lending has remained steady, retail lending has continued its downward trend, with 4.7 pct higher for both public and retail loans. Disaggregated retail loans have reduced the growth rate of operating loans, consumer loans, and credit cards in the second half of the year. At the end of the year, deposits have remained steady and faster.
The growth is better than that of comparable state-owned banks, with a positive credit balance. Structurally, the average current deposit ratio is 27.3%, a decline of 2.56 pct over the same period, and a continuing trend of regularization.
Commercial banks have a net interest gap of 1.44 per cent, a decrease of 18bp over the same year. Specifically, asset end-of-end rates of return are under greater pressure, with loans and interest-bearing asset rates falling by 35bp, 24bp to 3.78 per cent, respectively, and retail assets under pressure of quality and sufficient provision.
In the east, the source of financial and intellectual growth is 4bp. Of this, retail lending is poor at 1.28%, an increase of 14bp in the middle of the year; poor public lending is stable at 0.54%. Disaggregated retailing puts the main pressure on individual microloans.
(l) Poor rates of 2.21 per cent, 33bp over the middle of the year; poor mortgage lending rates of 0.64 per cent, 14bp; poor credit cards and consumer loans rates of 1.48 per cent, 1.34 per cent, respectively, and negative balances and negative rates have decreased over the years.
Progress in economic recovery and balance sheet repair is yet to be observed on a continuous basis. In terms of poor write-off disposal and generation, negative write-offs amounted to $40 billion, or $8.7 billion, over the year; and negative net productivity values after write-offs, with retail risk phase stress having a limited profit-benefit impact.
Investment proposals: As a retail-specific state-owned bank, the Postal Bank relies on the self-employment plus agency operating model, with close to 40,000 outlets, leading in number and deep down, providing a solid customer base and liability advantage. This initiative to lower agency rates helps to reduce costs and keep profits better.
Figure 2: Reserve Bank's single-quarter collection, pop, net profit increase over year, Figure 3: Postal Bank 3q24, 2024 split
Figure 6: Poor, concern, overdue rates at the Postal Bank, Figure 7: Reserve Bank provision coverage, loan allocation ratio
The East's financial and intellectual sources The East's financial and intellectual sources The Post Bank (601658.sh): Keeping the profits steady and taking the initiative to lower the rate of the savings agent - the year 2024.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East.
The source of the financial and intellectual boom in the East is reported by the East Hing Securities Corporation.
Postal Bank (601658.sh): Keeping the profit steady and voluntarily reducing the rate of the savings agent - the 2024 annual report evaluation - and not guaranteeing that the information and advice contained therein will not change. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and the investor will make any bid on that basis.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
It may also provide or seek to provide services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.