With long-term growth and readiness, the great company will end up as a military defense professional under the China-China industry and high, and since the end of February of this year, the company's stock prices have been relatively weak, mainly because of market concerns about the company's second-generation shares.
High-level power incentives that provide interconnectivity technology solutions in end-manufacturing will have significant administrative costs, which will have a significant impact on companies’ performance over the next two years. We, techno-business. Corporate products are widely applied to aerospace and the military.
In the area of business, communication networks and data centres, orbital traffic, companies are considered to have a high investment value in terms of both short-term performance and long-term growth.
The management costs have a significant impact on the company’s overall profitability, while the second restricted stock test is conditioned on the deduction of the net profit from non-repatriation from the 75 percent of the 21 companies targeted, and the market is concerned about the company’s withholding.
Debt relief and cross-equity presentations: After substantial cost or non-completion of the test conditions. We believe that, in the short term, the firm’s semi-annual and annual reports are either better than expected.
The Māori increase + good cost control during the period.” First, 2020 was the last year of the 13th Five-Year Plan, when military orders and revenues were recognized or significantly increased. Military purchases were of a certain cyclical nature, with military purchases occurring in the last year of each five-year plan.
By contrast, the 11th Five-Year Plan and the last year of the 12th Five-Year Plan (2010 and 2015) registered the highest rates of growth in both 26.08 per cent and 35.34 per cent, respectively, and the net profit gains in the five-year plan were 34 per cent and 67.36 per cent, respectively, the highest rates of increase in the five-year plan.
Second, “the military’s share is higher than the increase in the Māori rate for new energy vehicles” or will significantly increase the company’s overall Māori ratio in 2019. The company’s overall Māori ratio was 32.68% in 2019, and we judge this year’s semi-annual and annual reports as a whole.
Interest rates have increased more or less on the same basis, mainly on the basis of the “upgrade of military holdings + the increase in the Māori rate of new energy vehicles.” In the case of new energy vehicles, corporate overall Māori rates have either benefited significantly from improvements in the structure of the company’s new energy automobile industry (e.g., abandoning low Māori products to high Māori products), while the company’s overseas industry has also benefited significantly from improvements in its product structure.
Some progress has been made in terms of outreach (there is a relatively high rate of Maori for overseas users, and the company is now mainly providing Tesla with a high-pressure connector).
Figure 1: Corporate performance erupted in the last year of each five-year plan. Third, the management costs of some equity incentives are offset by cost controls or better results during the period. In our view, this year the company is either increasing its efforts to control the costs during the period or reducing the efficiency gains and offsetting the management costs of some equity incentives through, for example, professional budget committees.
In terms of short-term performance, we believe that the company ' s semi-annual reporting of income and profits is expected to grow at a double rate, with the second quarter having either the highest performance (the company achieved the parent return net profit of $340 million in the second quarter of 2019, the highest in history, compared with the parent ' s net profit of only $164 million in the first quarter of this year, and if the company ' s performance increased in the first half of 2020 on a year-on-year basis, the firm ' s net return in the second quarter of the second quarter will require a significant increase).
2. In the long run, the best-performing and more market-based institutions will eventually be recognized by the market, and the company’s military-industrial sector will be fully covered, with the best performance stability and certainty. Military-industrial companies abroad, such as Boeing, will cover most of the army.
In the industrial sector, such as aviation, space, electronics, etc., where the major military industrial groups, the influence of the military reform and the changes in the military procurement plan or the delivery of products from different sub-industrys are the main players, most of the country’s military industrial companies are less risk-resistant. But the military connection to medium-air photovoltaics covers all sub-sectors such as aviation, space, ships, weapons, electronics, etc., and is clearly scarce and can be largely resistant to different military industries.
The effect of the fluctuations in sub-sector orders is to enjoy the stability of the military market.a Among the listed companies, few have been able to maintain a five-year cycle of revenue and net profits are increasing, while China has maintained a positive increase in annual revenues and net profits since it was listed (13 years in a row in 2007), and the absolute value of net profits has been impressive.
Figure 2: Market share of major global connectors 2019 Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, management models for private and foreign enterprises, wolf marketing and R & D systems that promote product upgrading. The corporate system is in the military industry.
Single, though state-owned, mechanisms are more like private enterprises, and management models are more like foreign firms. The comparative advantage of corporate systems is largely reflected in wolf marketing and R & D systems. The incentives for company sales workers are flexible, and the sales people themselves know both products and sales, and have a deep understanding of the company’s product and customer needs.
Since its inception, the company has taken a step-by-step footprint, moving from industry spoilers to industry leaders, starting with a single generic connector (circle and rectangle), to high-tech products such as current fluid connectors, high-speed backboard connectors, and expansion at the level of a single connector system.
At this point, we believe that the company is a rare core asset in the military industry, while the market has a relatively poor expectation of its short-term performance and long-term growth. The company’s semi-annual and year-round performance or will benefit from an outbreak of military orders, an increase in the company’s overall Māori ratio, and a fall in its long-term costs.
We maintain a “strongly recommended” rating, recommend positive progress in the delivery of weapons and equipment, higher-than-expected impact of VAT, and higher-than-expected impact of military goods pricing reforms.
China PV (002179). Short-term performance and long-term growth will eventually be recognized by the market.
East Hing Securities Corporation report (002179). Short-term performance and long-term growth will eventually be recognized by the market. B.A. from the Central University of Finance and Economics, Master of Arts from the Hong Kong University of Technology, six years of experience in securities, successive heads of the Chinese Air Securities, the Great Wall Securities Corps, 2017.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.