China-China Photovoltaics (002179), Annual Review: Studying the increase in the cost of development, delaying the release of profits, setting a low base, or laying a pen for future high growth.
The company is a professional under the China-China industry that issued a 2019 annual report for the military-industrial defence and high-level companies, which achieved $9,159 million in operating income throughout the year in 2019, providing high-tech solutions in the field of end-of-pipe manufacturing.
The company’s products are widely used in aerospace and military fields, communication networks and data centres, orbital traffic, etc.
High-end civilian manufacturing such as smart equipment.1 The cost of R & D has, to a certain extent, contributed to the profit growth rate, which has been low or will be high for the future 9.159 million yuan, a 17.18 per cent increase over the year 2019.
First, income growth is as expected. On the revenue side, we judge that the growth in military revenue has been robust, that the rapid growth of space and electronics in the plates has made up for the decline in ships and ships.
5g Global Platform Building. New-energy automobile business revenue or industry overall is lower than expected. In addition, China Fushda's share in West Anfosta Microwave Technology Co. Ltd. was transferred from holding to participation, and West Anfosta Microwave Limited was no longer included in the public domain.
The Department's consolidated reporting lines (the revenue of China's Fushda has fallen) and the East Hing Securities Corporation reports that it is the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East.
China Oceanic Photovoltaics (002179), annual assessment: the increase in R & D costs is causing profits to be released, the low base or the slippage of future high growth. Second, the increase in profits is slower than the increase in income. The main reason is that companies have increased their core products and core capacity-building, with R & D inputs increasing by 38.48% (an increase of $256 million in absolute terms) and R & D costs as a share of income by 1.5 percentage points (up from 8.49%) on the same date.
For R & D and construction of 5g-related products, the company is expected to achieve better delivery in 2020. On the other hand, the financial cost of the company increased by more than $30 million on a year-on-year basis, mainly because of the impact of exchange rate fluctuations in the United States dollar during the same period of the previous year and interest increases due to the possibility of current debt swaps. Business income of $2,267 million (+11.37 per cent) was realized in the fourth quarter of the year, resulting in a net profit of 240 million yuan (~69 per cent).
The decline in net profit from parentage or in relation to changes in product structure (four-quarter-quarter-quarter confirmation of military goods revenue is slowing down the recognition of communications revenues) and cost deductions (equity booms or related to a decline in the share of communications in the product structure as compared to the increase in the share of new energy vehicles). Fourthly, looking forward to 2020, we believe that corporate military holdings will remain fully loaded with orders as they enter the last year of thirteen-fifths, and that the communications industry will continue to do so.
With the impact of the epidemic, we have judged that companies are either experiencing a greater impact of the epidemic on the first quarter of the year, but from the second quarter, the company or accelerated production and revenue recognition, given that the share of purchase orders and revenues originally recognized by the military industry in the first half of the year was small, is still expected to meet the target for the whole year 2020.
The company ' s low profit growth base in 2019, rather than purchase order indicators, has also fallen short of its high growth in 2020.2 Restrictive stock locking conditions have been more focused on profit quality tests, management costs have increased without changing confidence in corporate performance growth.
We believe that companies will focus in the future not only on the growth of corporate incomes, but also on the quality of profits. The first restricted stock test is made on a basis of not less than the industry average, and the second restricted stock test is made on a condition of not less than 75 points for the target companies, which are the 21 leading middle- and off-link companies, including taco, Anfino, and space appliances.
The 21 enterprises were calculated to have increased their net profit by about 17.75 per cent at the 75th percentile in 2018, with a 15.22 per cent turnover rate for the 75th percentile in 2017, with all three target companies overachieving, and we believe that the second restricted stock company is still on the verge of being over-exceededed, with a larger amortization date of 26 December 2021 for the first time in the company ' s restrictive equity incentive scheme, still set against a background of such high administrative costs.
The deduction of net non-repatriated profits above 10 per cent and no less than 75 points to the target firm shows that the company ' s future net operating profits are increasing or significantly exceeding expectations.3 The investment proposal is that the few core assets in the military industry are expected to enjoy certainty premiums and value premiums when market uncertainty increases.3 At this point, we believe that companies are the few core assets in the military industry and are expected to enjoy certainty when market uncertainty increases
Prevalences and valuation premiums, which were preceded by accelerated release of orders due to the impact of the epidemic in the second quarter, were maintained in 2020 as the military industry and the 5g business climate were at the centre of historical valuations, with a “strongly recommended” rating. The delivery of weapons and equipment was slower than expected, the impact of VAT was higher than expected, and the impact of military pricing reform was higher than expected.
The source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom.
A Bachelor of Arts from the Central University of Finance and Finance, a Master of Science from the Hong Kong University of Technology, has six years of experience in securities, and has served as head of the Chinese and Great Wall Securities Corps, 2017 as a researcher. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that China Ocean Light (002179) reports that growth in R & D costs slows the release of profits.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.