There's a reason for the fall in profits, and in the second quarter, the company is a high-level expert in the Chinese industry to provide interconnective technological solutions to military defense and high-end manufacturing.
The company’s products are widely used in aerospace and military fields, communications networks and data centres, orbital traffic, etc.
In the first quarter of 2019, public revenues reached $1.799 billion, a decline of 16.52 per cent.
First, there is a decline in income growth. First, the main reason for the decline is either the supply of raw materials and the recognition of income as a result of the epidemic (the delayed impact on income of orders is not expected to react in a quarter). On the one hand, the upstream supply chain (part of the FSA plant) has resumed work.
Delays in production lead to delays in production packages and the company's products are not able to form product delivery and contribution values: on the other hand, delays in the resumption of some units in the downstream Military Institute have resulted in an overall revenue recognition that could not be completed in January-February.
The East’s financial and intellectual boom has been the result of a quarterly review of China’s winding down profits rate (002179), a second-quarter backlash or a full-blown rebound. Second, profits have declined faster than incomes. We believe that the main reason for the decline in corporate profits faster than income growth is, first, that companies are losing profits faster than income.
The company ' s failure to achieve economies of scale in January-February owing to the low start-up rate of fixed assets (low capacity utilization) (which did not result in a profit-and-loss balance point), led to a significant mismatch between income and costs in January-February, but the situation improved overall in March; and, secondly, a decline in the share of military revenues in the higher Māori rate (military industry III, with a higher base in the first quarter of 2019). In the first quarter of 2019, operating income as a percentage of total annual income was 23.54 per cent (18.89 per cent in 2018).
The annual share of net parent profits is 21.74 per cent (17.55 per cent in 2018). We assume that in the first quarter of 2020, companies collected and returned net profits, 2 or the second quarter, or rebounded across the board, and that in the future, the target is likely to be met, and we believe that companies are still likely to be able to meet the target. First, the impact of the epidemic is over. The impact of the epidemic has been largely eliminated since March.
We assume that the company’s monthly production value was high in March, and that, beginning in the second quarter, the upstream supply chain previously affected by the epidemic would recover fully, with output expected to rise, while the revenue recognition of downstream customers would accelerate; and secondly, the company’s annual plans would not be adjusted by the epidemic. Unlike consumer electronics, military orders are much more clearly planned and certainly defined each year, and we believe that companies will not adjust their targets for the entire year and will probably meet their targets for military and industrial purposes.
In the last year of the 13th and 5th year of 2020, orders were increased or better than expected, and communications operations are expected to benefit from the higher-than-expected build-up of 5g.3 In the quarterly report, restrictive stock lock-outs have focused more on profit quality tests, management cost increases have not changed confidence in corporate performance growth, and corporate management costs have increased by $28,142 million (compared to +31.17 per cent), and we judge that the company is generated quarterly by second-phase equity incentives.
The company’s Restricted Stock Incentives Scheme (second phase) has eliminated the indicators for growth in operating income and profit margins, instead adding the indicators for the rate of increase in non-mortality net profits, which we believe the company will in the future focus more on the quality and efficiency of profits. The first restricted stock test is based on an average profit margin of no less than the same industry, while the second is restrictive.
The firm’s confidence in future rapid growth is also demonstrated by the ranking of the 21 companies, including Teco, Anfino, and space and electronics, which are among the leading middle- and external connectors. The company’s first restricted stock release date was 19 January 2019, 15.99%, the company’s operating profit rate in 2017 was 15.22%, and all three target companies were overachieved, and we believe that the second restricted stock company is still on track.
4. Investment proposals: Core assets that are scarce in the military industry and are expected to enjoy certainty premiums and value premiums when market uncertainty increases. At this point, we believe that companies are a rare core asset in the military industry and are expected to enjoy certainty premiums and value premiums when market uncertainty increases (as they are less dependent on the overseas supply chain and are more structured and more certain about downstream orders).
With the military industry and the 5g business climate rising in 2020, there has been an increase in intra-company delivery of weapons and equipment, a higher-than-expected impact of VAT, and a higher-than-expected impact of military pricing reforms.
B.A. from the Central University of Finance and Economics, Master of Science from the Hong Kong University of Technology, six years of experience in securities, former head of the China-China Securities and Wall Securities Corps, 2017.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities Company reports a quarterly review of the PV (002179), the reasons for the fall in profit rates, the second quarter performance or a full rebound, and no assurance of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of the information and advice contained therein.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.