Twenty-six billion dollars in the three transformations of the MSG, and this collection of funds will be used mainly in six areas: 1; further expansion of the credit-trading regulations.
4 - Increased investment in Hong Kong affiliates, expansion of overseas operations, 5/, investment in information systems, 6/, low-level launch of $26 billion in non-public distribution, contributing to three strategic transformations of the company: This non-public release is noteworthy: the time window selects the bottom of the company's valuation history, 2/
The intention is to engage strategic investors with a view to achieving synergies and complementarities with the company’s existing operations. This increase is significant for the company. In the short term, in the context of the financing costs up, the bulk of equity financing benefits the company to optimize its asset-liability structure and reduce the pressure on interest-paying liabilities.
In the long term, $26 billion in fund-raising will boost the firm’s net capital strength (26 billion steady growth, with a 30% expansion in net assets) and accelerate the company’s three strategic upgrades. Strategic upgrading, with large retail operations moving from flow to liquidity, from volume to quality: companies are big.
The number of customers and the share of brokerage companies among the first companies to introduce the concept of Internet securities in the securities industry is a very high one after four years of development. As a result of net capital constraints, market data are highly attached (9 June 2017)
Value-added credit operations and wealth management have lagged behind the expansion of flows. This increase is expected to address capital bottlenecks and widen the means of liquidity.
Strategic upgrade II, de-direction of self-employed operations, moving from capital to market-based capital intermediation: companies insist on a stable absolute return and reduce market volatility through a large number of hedges, which will further increase their investment in fixed earnings
In the long run, the company is gradually exploring and developing capital intermediation, characterized by a market, and is now phasing out major commodity operations and achieving positive results in gold leasing.
Strategic upgrade III, steadily contributing to international business development: as the company ' s h shares were successfully issued, the Hong Kong subsidiary was replenished and the acquisition of the assetmark was completed, the firm ' s internationalization was steadily increasing.
This is an increase of $3 billion for Hong Kong affiliates, 2. Huatai Securities: Three Quarterly Review - Solid Brokering, 2016, will significantly raise the international level of corporate business and further satisfy customers' cross-border M&As, cross-border integration.
3. Hua-Thai Securities: Mid-2016 Midpoint Review - Brokering Dragon, 26 billion tops of public distribution will significantly enhance the net capital strength of companies and achieve a corporate cross-border approach.
Development. In the current context of tight regulation and financial innovation constraints, small and medium-sized coupons have made it more difficult to innovate, with a steady increase in industry concentration and a steady increase in the number of strong people!
Not more than $26 billion, the funds raised will be used mainly in six areas: 1; further expansion of credit company inputs; 4; increased investment in Hong Kong affiliates; expansion of overseas operations; 5; expansion of information systems; 6; and other operating financing arrangements.
Low-level top-publishing, intended for strategic investors: Two things worth noting about this non-public distribution programme: one is that the size of this non-public release is the top-scale release under the new refinancing regulations, and the volume of this release, 1,088 million shares, is just 20% of the total equity of a company; the other is the current distribution window.
1.4 times 17pb. The company selects this node for top-publishing, primarily to identify strategic investors with sufficient capacity to complement and upgrade the company’s existing operations and to optimize its business structure by optimizing its shareholder structure and even its governance structure, and to promote the company’s long-term development.
In the short term, in the context of liquidity constraints and higher financing costs, the bulk of equity financing benefits the company to optimize its asset-liability structure and significantly eases the pressure on interest-paying liabilities; in the long run, $26 billion in fund-raising will significantly boost net corporate capital.
This strength (26 billion fixed increases, net asset size will expand by 30 per cent) and accelerates the promotion of three major retail operations: from flow to realization, from volume to quality.
Out-of-house, in the case of accounts, in the case of accounts in the thousands of thousands of dollars, increasing the capacity of online clients and services while effectively reducing the size and number of businesses and significantly reducing the operating costs of brokering.
More than 8.2% are far ahead of the industry; commission rates are clearly below the industry average. We believe that the dominance of trade flows and customer size in the retail trade is largely well established and will grow in the future.
But the increase in the flow is not simply equal to the increase in the size of the profit, which is a matter of liquidity. If net capital power and back-end input (e.g. wealth management) lags behind the rate of expansion of the flow, the increase in net profit is reduced.
Zhang Qi, Wah Tai's development in these areas is still relatively lagging, as shown by the fact that the market share of the two-fold business has not kept pace with the market share of the brokering business, and that income and profits have been growing faster than the size of the client. This increase is one for the expansion of the net capital of the company and for back-end investment.
Cross-cutting pushes, we believe, will accelerate the growth of corporate retail operations from the accumulation of flows to the realization of flows, triggering the growth of firms from volume to quality.
The company’s own business has always been aimed at achieving a stable absolute return, with its own self-employment dominated by fixed income-generating products. Given stock holdings, as reported in the annual report, the equity-owned companies prefer lower valuation blues, while they also reduce the risk of volatility through hedges.
And it's a continuation of this direction, and we think that the future direction of the self-employment business of the bond dealers should be de-direction: the pursuit of stable, long-term absolute returns, the gradual transition from more risky capital business to market-earning business.
4. Further upgrading of corporate internationalization in the context of the current “one-way” fast-tracking of overseas M&As by domestic clients.
At the same time, experiences, technologies, and models such as overseas wealth management also deserve to be introduced and replicated domestically. Companies are now mainly promoting overseas business development through Joatai King (Hong Kong).
H. Stock listings, replenishment of Hong Kong subsidiaries, and successful completion of the acquisition of an ensetmark, inter-firm operations have accelerated in recent years.
All hands; investors involved in the completion of three ipo projects, one stock distribution project, six bond distribution projects, with a total volume of transactions of approximately $3.545 billion. The acquisition of the assetmark is significant for the company.
The turnkey asset management platform (tamp) serves as a third-party financial service provider to provide investment advisers with a range of services and sophisticated and easy-to-reach technology platforms, such as portfolio management, customer relationship management, asset hosting, etc.
With $32,251 million in size, the number of service investment advisers exceeds 7,200. In addition, the skills and experience of the intelligent clientele of Assetmark are expected to be married in the future to the domestic retail business market, providing effective wealth management tools for a large number of long-tailed households.
This increase of up to $3 billion for the Hong Kong subsidiary replenishment is expected to rapidly enhance the company ' s international business capacity and further tap and meet the international business needs of the client countries, particularly across borders.
Merger and acquisition restructuring has continued to lead and the proactive management of the capital has steadily improved
Large-scale consumption, health, tmt, and large-scale finance industries are covered by excellent teams of professionals. In recent years, corporate M & As restructuring, equity financing and bond financing have been moving in parallel, with a steady increase in the size of shares and debt underwriting, as well as in the level of market participation, and M & As continue to lead, and
Corporate asset management operations have grown rapidly in recent years, with significant improvements in proactive management capacity.
As of the end of 2016, the asset management business will be an important basis for the future strategy to boost retail operations. The size of the customers and retail markets are already well ahead of the industry, but the depth of the clients' digging is still high.
There is much room for improvement, and future asset management will be at the heart of this problem. Companies’ fixed-income products (the violet 1 et cetera) match short-term fund management needs of their clients, and have enjoyed rapid growth over the last two years, with a series of products that, on the one hand, have opened up new revenue from retail operations.
The growth point, which supports the strategic shift of retail operations from the corridor, while at the same time effectively upgrading the customer's stickyness and further entrenching the company's leading retail business. We believe that the wealth management of the customer has a huge space in the market and that, as the company's proactive management capacity increases, the customer's pain spots are close to the product.
In the run-up, corporate capital and big brokers will interact kindly, leading to sustained growth in corporate revenue.
In order to address the risks to the financial system and promote the long-term healthy development of financial markets, in the last two years, the regulation of gold has gradually increased.
In general, “strength regulation” is a reversion to previous transitional financial innovation and a long-term pro-industry development. At the same time, this regulatory environment will also bring about a profound change in the industry landscape – the position of the industry’s long-soldiers will be further strengthened, and market shares will be further concentrated with the major coupons.
This is largely based on three core logics: (a) strong regulation leads to a high threshold of access for some operations, directly excluding some small and medium-sized institutions. For example, the terms of access for the Fund’s subsidiaries are specified in the regulations governing the Fund’s subsidiaries, and the size of the non-monetary market fund is $20 billion, with net assets not included.
Less than $600 million, and small and medium-sized funds are hardly eligible for creation. 2, innovative activities to circumvent regulation. Developments are severely restricted, and small and medium-sized coupons are reduced in their path to overturning. 3, compliance controls and risk management are steadily increasing in their overall strength and importance, whether in the case of securities firms.
Classification and supervision tests, or risk points for day-to-day operations, have the natural advantage of large-scale coupons. The 26 billion tops of public distribution will significantly increase the firm’s net capital strength and achieve a company’s cross-border approach.
Development. In the current context of tight regulation and financial-renovation constraints, small and medium-sized coupons are turning through innovation, making it harder to overturn, steadily increasing industry concentration, and strong!
A tightening of exit regulations after a move could slow down or fall short of expectations for this non-public issue;2 A low market mood leads to pressure on performance: the continuing low performance and turnover of the secondary market places some pressure on corporate brokerage, blending, self-employment, etc.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board