行 全
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Luxshare (002475 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
2Q19 beats; Strong momentum into 2H19E
Target Price
RMB32.1
(Previous TP
RMB32.1)
Current Price
RMB25.43
Summary. Luxshare reported 2Q19 revenue/net profit growth of 88%/80% YoY,
Up/Downside
+26.2%
beating consensus and mid-point of guidance of 60-93% YoY, mainly due to
stronger communication and consumer electronics, despite slightly lower GPM.
China Technology Sector
Luxshare also guided a strong 9M19 NP with 50-60% YoY, implying 18-38% YoY
for 3Q19 NP, in-line with our/consensus estimates. Luxshare is our A-share top
Alex Ng
pick given its share gain in iPhone/Airpod in 2H19E and major 5G beneficiary into
2020. Reiterate BUY with TP of RMB32.1 based on 25x FY20E P/E.
Iris Zhang
Strong 2Q19 revenue across all segment. Luxshare's 2Q19 revenue
growth accelerated to 88% YoY, vs 67% YoY in 1Q. By segment, consumer
electronics segment was the key driver with 99% YoY (78% of 1H19 sales),
thanks to share gain in AirPod/acoustics/haptics and expanding offerings
Stock Data
into LCP antenna and wireless charging modules. In addition,
communications/automotive/other connectors also delivered robust growth
with 52%/46%/164% YoY in 1H19E. GPM was flattish at 19.5% given higher
mix of consumer electronics, while better operating leverage was partly
offset by higher effective tax rate of 15.8% in 2Q19 (vs 9.3% in 2Q18).
New projects on track to boost growth. We believe Luxshare will continue
Shareholding Structure
to broaden penetration into Apple supply chain in 2H19E ranging from
Macbook/ iPad to iPhone and wearables (Watch/ AirPods). Despite iPhone
weakness in 2019, we expect share gain, content growth to boost earnings
growth in 2H19E. We also expect Luxshare to benefit from strong Airpod
shipment and upgrade with 55mn/80mn/90mn units in FY19/20/21E.
Outlook: major 5G beneficiary and limited trade war impact. Looking
ahead, we believe Luxshare is well placed to capture 5G opportunities in
2020-21E given its solid product roadmap, including 1) massive MIMO and
Source: Bloomberg
new compact filter-antenna and 2) optical solutions in datacenter/telecom
12-mth Price Performance
equipment. In addition, Luxshare is aggressively expanding capacity in
Vietnam in order to mitigate tariff impact in 2H19E/2020E.
Reiterate BUY with TP of RMB32.1. We fine-tuned our FY19-21E EPS
estimates, to factor in stronger revenue growth and higher tax rate. We
maintained our TP RMB32.1, based on 25x FY20E P/E, 11% discount to 5-
year average of 28x. Upcoming catalysts include launch of new Airpod and
China 5G service launch.
Source: Bloomberg
Earnings Summary
Auditor: BDO
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimate
Earnings Revision
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS
Sources: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Figure 4: Revenue breakdown
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Figure 5: P&L forecast
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Valuation
Reiterate BUY with TP of Rmb32.1 (26% upside)
We derived our 12m TP of RMB32.0 based on 25x FY20E P/E, 11% discount to its 5-year
historical average of 28.2x. We believe this is justified as Luxshare continues to deliver
strong earnings growth, market share gain and product expansion to capture 5G and
wireless opportunities in next 3-5 years.
Upcoming catalysts include launch of new-gen Airpod and iPhone in 2H19E and China 5G
commercial service launch. Major risks include weaker Airpod demand, weaker yield
improvement for acoustics/haptics and slower integration of acquired businesses.
Figure 6: Peers' valuation
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Source: Bloomberg, CMB
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors.
CMBIS does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives,
financial position or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from
that which is contained in the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a
result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should
independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to
make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of
CMBIS or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security
or any interest in securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers
or employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information
contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available
and reliable. CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness.
CMBIS provides the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice.
CMBIS may issue other publications having information and/or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption,
point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent
with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself
and/or on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business
relationships with the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect
the objectivity of this report and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only
and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written
consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion)
Order 2005 (as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies,
Unincorporated Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
This report is intended for distribution in the United States to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US, institutional investor that receives a copy
of this research report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this research report to any other person.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser
as defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute
reports produced by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of
the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or
an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents
of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising
from, or in connection with the report.