q1 performance met expectations, with two major industries showing bright performances: on 28 April, tcl technology published a quarterly report in 2021, which enabled companies to collect $32.144 billion, an increase of 133.91 per cent over the same period; and a net return profit of $2,404 million, an increase of 488.97 per cent over the same period;
tclTechnology (000100.sz) achieved a net profit of 2,123 million yuan, a significant loss on the same year. >The two industries performed well, q1 achieved higher performance. >
(a) Benefit from improved semiconductor patterns of competition, repair of supply-demand relationships, higher product prices, and new production lines of companies;
Combined, tclstar realized a net profit of 2,396 million yuan, an increase of 2,570 million yuan and a 29.12 per cent increase in ring growth, with a 52.96 per cent increase in net profit rings for large-scale operations and a sustained lead in efficiency gains.
In addition, the profit margin of corporate q1 financial operations has been significantly reduced, mainly due to seasonal fluctuations in financial investment operations, but the business is expected to continue to grow throughout the year.
With larger industrial finance, the company’s main business is growing at a high rate, and its performance is up to expectations in the quarter. > Semiconductor shows strong advantages and keeps growing in sizes. After years of accumulation, the company has established a significant lead in semiconductor areas and continues to grow in q1.
Tens of thousands of square metres, 15.5 per cent more than the same year, achieving sales revenue of $12,272 million, 94.9 per cent more than the same year. Inch and 75 inch share of products are the second largest in the world and the first in the world for interactive whiteboards. For small and medium sizes, practice number: s150520030001
t3ltps production line constantly upgrades technical capabilities, enriches product structure and deepens strategic client collaboration; ltps mobile panel has the fourth largest global volume, and ltps pen panels have the second highest volume worldwide and continue to grow strongly. t4 flexible amoled production ends with flexible folding screens for brand clients.
The growth in the volume of t-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b.
tclT: Keeping the panel up, with more flowering, will continue to grow strongly, adding dynamic energy to the growth of the company. 1) Shenzhen 7 production phase will reach production this year, Suhua Star (t10) 60% and Suzhou (m10) 100%.
tclTechnology: Set-up-coded-it-line to open up high-end markets Completed delivery and started contributing revenues and benefits to companies since the second quarter of 2021; Guangzhou t9 has been considered and adopted by the Board of Directors to create a new growth dynamic in the medium-sized sector.)
2nd quarter and table, contributing to company performance. 3) 5th issue of Mongolian solar-grade single crystal silicon in the middle ring semiconductor. tclTechnology: high performance growth 2021, plus code half-conducted project accelerated construction, as per the Sinatra 50gw (g12) solar-grade single crystalline silicon material intelligence plant project.
tclT: q4 performance supermarket expectations, internal and external growth  profit predictions and investment ratings: with panel price increases, output release and asset combinations, we expect the public
10/9/8 times more. Given the company's leading position in semiconductors and its future longness, the tcl Science and Technology Insight Report: Outward M&As and Inner Growth, we maintain a “buy-in” rating of the company, with a target market value of $215 billion.
"TclTechnology: Three Quarters Super Pessimistic Expectations, Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Technology: The Purchase of Chinese-Star Equity Support Performance"
Industry’s Lead Competitiveness Highlights 2020.05.31 Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
The price of the mainstream size of the tv panel has returned to the q3 level in 2017.
Figure 2: Science and technology collections and profit performance in tcl. Figure 4: Cost rates during tcl science and technology. Figure 5: Science and technology R & D costs in tcl.
Figure 6: tcl Science and Technology Collection and Operating Cash Flows (millions of yuan) Figure 7: tcl Science and Technology Net Profit and Operating Net Cash Flows (billions) Figure 8: tcl Science and Technology Inventory (billions)
Figure 9: Tcl Accounts Receivables for Science and Technology (Billions of Dollars) Figure 10: Comparison of Supply and Demand for Glassboards 2020-2022
Experience, familiar with the semiconductor and consumer electronics industry chains. Also a sponsor of the home-renowned semiconductor business incubator coffee, which helped a number of semiconductor companies to finance early. Pacific Securities 2017, in 2018, in which securities were offered; Crystal Ball 2/3 in 18/19 in the electronics sector; and Golden Bull Award 18/19, in 18/19, in 3/2 in the electronics sector.
Li Xiaoqing, Master ' s degree from Wuhan University, joining Southwest Securities in 2018, Sinda Securities in 2020, covering semiconductor products Liu Chilai, Master of Finance from Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, and Sinda Securities in 2020, covering the consumer electronics industry chain.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.