Equity incentives, repurchases of shares highlight confidence in tcl. technologies (000100.sz)
The incident company issued the first draft of the employee holding plan for 2021-2023, while the company issued the Bill on the Repurchase of Part of the Social Public Shares in 2021.
Equity incentives promote cohesion, and buy-back shares highlight 30% of the key to a firm’s stock-holding plan. The firm’s main business, lcd, benefits fully from price hikes and profits continue to increase; the central ring semiconductor expansion continues to outpace expectations; and the build-up of the Casu state line, and so on.
In addition, in 2021, we expect a doubling of corporate performance. Thank you very much: Chang Shing, which is expected to go far beyond the right to move. We believe that this equity incentive is intended to be locked.
A firm’s core core is designed to enhance the stability and cohesion of the company’s employees in the process of innovation development. The equity scheme’s special incentive fund is capped at $740 million, of which $111 million represents the repurchase of stock shares and approximately $629 million will be purchased through non-trading.
Shares repurchased by the division: The total amount of shares that the company proposes to buy back is $600-70 million, and the repurchase price repurchase program highlights management’s confidence in the company’s future long-term development. lcd price increases are slowing, but prices will remain high according to witsview.
In late June, the average price of 32/43/55/65 inclcd was $88,138/227/286 per piece, while the 32-inch small-size tv-lcd was the first to increase prices in the current cycle of the lcd price increase, which was over 100 per cent and the unit area price exceeded the medium-sized large tv-lcd.
The small size of tv-lcd increases or peaks at 21q3, while the large size of tv-lcd supply and demand will remain tight and the price will remain at a certain level of upwards.it-lcd will continue to be the most profitable segmented area: pc, pen panels are maintained due to high demand for remote office.
M&A expansion increases market share, long-term development space for companies takes into account new industrial growth capacity, demand-side growth is expected to be stable, and the price of lcd is expected to cover the next two years The company actively expands the market through M&As and expansion of existing production line capacity
The share is expected to increase rapidly to more than 15% of the market share of it-lcd. Companies continue to build up R & D reserves in emerging areas such as electric panels, mini-led, and print-led. At the same time, companies have completed semiconductor displays, dual-engine layout of materials by acquiring medium-ring electronics.
There is much room for long-term development by actively managing the period of gold development in the fields of photovoltaics, semiconductors, and so on. Given the narrow price increase of lcd, the investment proposal is to maintain for the time being the original profit forecast, which is 2.48 times the pb in 2021.
tclTechnology: 21q1 performance meets expectations and accelerates the expansion of emerging areas such as mini-led and oled; acquisition of central ring active gold development periods for upstream materials, long-term growth incentives, and maintenance of “recommended” ratings.
tclTechnology: Performance forecast for 2020 is over-expected, innovation products commit themselves to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Macro-level capture, top-down excavation of investment opportunities in different segments of the industry chain, different industries; in-depth understanding of industry landscapes and changes in the industry chain, good at managing marginal changes and cyclical tipping points: exploiting potential investment targets from a unique perspective.