On April 9, the company issued an announcement to raise up to $12 billion, of which $9 billion went to the 8.6th generation of Guangzhou Star.
Project for the production of new display lines for semiconductors of oxides (19 projects) with $3 billion to supplement liquidity.
The global sales of its products, such as pens, flats and monitors, have continued to grow, with Trendforce predicting that in 2021 the volume of global laptops is expected to reach 217 million, an increase of about 8.5 per cent over the same period. However, the production capacity of the lcd line, which is more than 40 per cent for the world ' s under-g6 generation and operating longer than 15 years, is higher than 40 per cent, with product differentiation and advanced process demand.
Growing up, low-generation production lines abroad will be phased out, leaving wide and wide growth space for high-generation producers in the continent. Companies accelerate the development and customer import of products such as intboards, commercials, cars, etc.
The Unit, compared to the 300-degree trend, is a 10,000 piece/month medium-sized, high-value-added display, which is expected to start by September 2021, with 2023q1 output, will significantly improve the company ' s competitiveness in the medium-sized inkboard area after the completion of the project, and assistive companies will enjoy medium-sized product technology.
The development dividend of the technological upgrade and the exit of overseas production capacity.
The price of the medium-sized large panel continued to rise, with the average price of the 32/43/665 in the early part of April 32/128/206/256, respectively, increasing by $2/2/4/4/4 from late March. The supply end: the short duration of the lcd panel, coupled with a shortage of upstream chips, resulted in further supply strains.
Year after year, lcd remains undersupplied, and panel prices will remain high. The panel needs are not as high as expected, the epidemic affects end demand, etc. Performance is bright, the panel is high and the view is continuing.
2. tcl (000100) performance forecast: 4-quarter bright performance, high-end and continuous Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements
Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd., First Market Private Equity and Investment Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology, and a Master of Arts from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai Transport University.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,