tclT (000100) company review report, 28/04/2021.
Corporate performance report for the first quarter of 2021, released on 28 April, recorded a significant increase in operating income of 321.44 during the reporting period, performance of the company during the reporting period, bright performance of the company, significant increase in net profit from recovery and repatriation, tcl
Market value in circulation (million yuan): 100% more than in the same year. The company’s q1 size panel has risen in volume, small size panels have continued to improve product structure, new clients have made progress, and the medium size project t9 has developed new dynamic energy.
The company shows a new business market and significant growth in production capacity, and its performance will continue to be higher than expected in 2021.
A fully productive 8.5 generation line, combined with a full capacity of 440k, a fully produced 11-generation line, a monthly capacity of 98k, and an 11-generation line climbing the slope. The size of the large-sized panel production ring will increase by nearly 3% over the first quarter.
The company’s financial and investment portfolio performance during the first quarter of the year has contributed less, but will still be realized throughout the year.
He's growing steadily, and we expect companies to continue to outperform market expectations in the future. The panel industry has become less cyclical, and the valuation of the country's flagships is expected to be reshaped.
Industry cyclicality will continue to benefit the country's panel leader. Replating the history of the industry, with the supply-side added capacity affecting too many panel cycles, and the cost of this panel rising after 11 months, we believe that the difference is that there will be no new production in the future industry at a large size of 2 to 3 years.
Lee Shef Peak, only stock-line climbs; demand-side large sized trends are evident, industry supply and demand patterns are expected to remain stable, panel producers will maintain high levels of profitability over the next few years, and companies will be home countries.
One of the absolute champions of the inner panel will be given priority in order to benefit from the flight of performance. 1) Korea’s exit is not as expected; 2) panel prices are not as high as expected; 3) downstream demand is not as high as expected.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.