tclTech (000100) company review report, November 11, 2021.
We think that lcd will remain the world's most dominant technology for the next three to five years, where companies have the world's leading competitive edge: company tv products in 2020.
The second largest volume in the world, the first in the world, the third in the world, and the second in the world in the number of the first three in the number of mobile panels of the ltps. The company currently has t1, t2, t6cd production lines that are full and marketable (millions of dollars):
The t9 project, which is the last puzzle of the company’s placement in the lcd area, will reshape the competition pattern in the t-inch-inch-inch lcd market, setting the company on a new engine of business and continued profit growth.
Since 2020, as global digitization and information accelerates, the end market has grown rapidly, and high-end flats, pens and electricity have grown dramatically and demand has grown.
The market is less concentrated in small and medium-sized panels, with a relatively average share in mainland China, Taiwan, and South Korea. A-si/igzo production lines, which are currently available for the production of int products worldwide, total 55, characterized by long operating times and dominated by low-generational lines: close production lines for more than 15 years.
The production capacity of small-scale a-si/igzo will be reduced by about 25%. And as the specifications of downstream-it products in low-energy consumption, high-scaling, high-resolution and high-coloured areas rise, the mismatch between the old and the demand will become apparent.
Of this, the production capacity of the product will reach about 15 per cent of the world's current market, and after-production companies will be able to use the absolute lead equipment and process advantage to bring down the old production of overseas producers.
To push overseas producers out of the int market to form an absolute monopoly of the mainland manufacturer in the lcd market, from large-sized tv to medium-sized and small-sized tt panel markets, and to raise new performance growth points for companies.
The t9 line will connect to t4, t7 lines to complete the high growth of the tcl star over the next five years. t9 lines will provide technical justification for the next generation of the company, g8.5 flexible to orbit the panel line and storage of Lee Shef Peak.
As the next generation of tcl, a key supporting platform for core technology, we expect tcl to move from its current seventh global position to its second highest in the world after tcl's t9-line output, leading companies to harvest hundreds of billions of platforms over the next three years, thus completing tv.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association, produces the present report in a diligent, professional and independent manner. The data that I have committed to the report are based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.