(c) Establishment of an increased-coded-it-line, high-end market tcl-technology (000100.sz) production line projects and replenishment of liquidity.
In this project, the company plans to raise no more than $12 billion, of which $9 billion is for the construction of a new monitor line (line 9) for the 8.6-day semiconductor of oxides, and the rest to supplement the flow of capital.
180k/m, with a total investment of 35 billion yuan, the rest of the money comes from funding and bank loans from Guangzhou’s municipalities, in addition to the firm’s fixed increase.
In addition, the t9 line will deploy some of the output layout oxide-driven backboard technology for high-end notebooks and games competitions, as well as for the subsequent development of miniled straight-up and print-led.
Fully produced, phase two 81k/m will climb to 1q25, when t8-lineit capacity will be 15% left, and the company will be the second largest panel manufacturer in the world, going beyond the Korea-Taiwan manufacturer. >Deep-up new generation display technology, printing oled is promising. tclTechnology is already in print.
As early as 2014, the company established a subsidiary, Guangdong-hwa, to develop print-led technologies. The National Centre for Printing and Flexible Show Innovation, under its banner, is the only country-level innovation centre in my country's field of display. In addition, in June 2020, the company was strategically integrated.
As the technology matures, the company’s printing system begins to move towards volume-based production, this time in a wide range of practices: s15052003001.
In addition to the new production capacity of the layout, the state star will also argue for the construction of an 8.5-generation soft-formable display panel production line (t8) that will mainly produce and sell 32 to 95 inches, 4k/8k, which is super-highly nuanced in print and can be rolled around the products of the oledtv,it, and commercial displays.
In terms of capacity, the companies t1, t2, t3 and t6 items are fully productive; t7 projects are expected to climb to full capacity by the end of the year; and t4 sixth generation amoled
In addition, Suzhou's three-star line (t10) has been officially and accounted for since 1 April. In terms of market share, the company tv product is the second largest in the world, the interactive whiteboard is the third highest in the world, and the ltps mobile panel is the third highest in the world.
tclTechnology: high performance, 2021 plus half-guided. At the same time, companies accelerate medium-size strategic layouts, product development such as trade, pen, monitor, vehicle, and customer import progress.
Aiding Industries Synergy 2021.03.12 Third Global Outwards, multi-line brands of product supply. tclTechnology: q4 Performance Supermarket Expectations, Intra-Intra-Intra-Extra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Exterior
Profit forecasting and investment rating: The company has been working deep in semiconductors for years, with significant competition, to help the long-run fly. 2021.01.12. The new production line and print-led layout of it will further open up the long-term growth space of the company.
tcl Science and Technology Insight Report: Outward M&As and Internal Growths 11/10/8 times. Given the company’s leading position in semiconductor areas and its lack of progress, companies move into the harvest period.
tclT: Three quarters of super-pessimistic expectations, extraneous risk factors: recurrent outbreaks and lower downstream demand.
tclTechnology: Increasing performance in the acquisition of Chinese S.A.C.E.S.C.E.G.A., highlights the competitiveness of the industry, 2020.05.31 Three Stars Exit + Epidemic Disturbation, Watching New Patterns of Supply and Demand in Panels
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Figure 3: tcl Science and technology revenue and profit performance Figure 5: tcl cost during the period of science and technology Figure 6: tcl Science and technology R & D costs (billions of yuan)
:: Cost of sales (%) - administrative cost (%) Figure 7: tcl Science and Technology Collection and Business Cash Flows (millions) Figure 8: tcl Science and Technology Net Profit and Operating Net Cash Flows (billions)
Figure 9: Tcl Science and Technology Inventory (million yuan) Figure 10: tcl Science and Technology Receivables (billion yuan)
Experience, familiar with the semiconductor and consumer electronics industry chains. Also a sponsor of the home-renowned semiconductor business incubator coffee, which helped a number of semiconductor companies to finance early. Pacific Securities 2017, in 2018, in which securities were offered; Crystal Ball 2/3 in 18/19 in the electronics sector; and Golden Bull Award 18/19, in 18/19, in 3/2 in the electronics sector.
Li Xiaoqing, Master ' s degree from Wuhan University, joining Southwest Securities in 2018, Sinda Securities in 2020, covering semiconductor products Liu Chilai, Master of Finance from Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, and Sinda Securities in 2020, covering the consumer electronics industry chain.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.