2101 meets expectations for tcl technology (000100.sz)
The incident company issued a performance report for the first quarter of 2021, in which it achieved business income of $32,144 million, an increase of 133.91 per cent, and a net profit of $2,404 million for the mother.
With China Star, Central Ring, the performance growth conglomerate company 2021q1 net profit from the mother, the ring grew by 1.74 per cent, or 209 per cent, compared to 2019o1. By branch, tcl has achieved a net profit of 2,396 million yuan, compared to 2,570 million yuan.
29.12 per cent, benefiting mainly from the continued rise in the prices of large liquid crystal panels, which accelerate the rise in the manufacturing end.
The market share of the second and 55th inch of the world's product share remains the world's number one and profitability continues to rise; the middle ring semiconductor realizes a net profit of 743 million yuan, an increase of 100 per cent over the same period, mainly benefiting from the higher-than-expected pace of expansion: the 8-10 inch large silicon project is well on the slope, with a smooth silicon silicon monopole.
The total crystal capacity is expected to reach 60gw two months ahead of schedule. We expect the company's single crystal capacity to reach 85gw in 2021; 8 inches, 12 inches of silicon production capacity is expected to rise to 75, 170,000 pieces per month, taking into account the 2021q2 Suzhou PV, the Suzhou Wa Hing display and Shizuku.
Good International also notes that corporate performance is expected to double again in 2021. The proposed 12 billion dollar increase in production is expected to benefit from accelerated expansion under the “house economy” and the shift in user office, lifestyle, pen power, flat boards, etc. are expected to sustain a strong demand.
The price of its liquid crystal panel is growing rapidly: according to the congenial consulting data, the price of 2021q1it-lcd has increased by an average of 14%, exceeding the level of year-round growth in 2020, and the profitability of the int-lcd production line has increased further. Companies have maintained a leading position in large size panels such as tv.
This is an investment fund to build a new display line for the 8.6-moderated semiconductor, a sword pointer in the medium-high end of the panel display area, and to continue to build up research and development reserves in emerging areas such as electric panels, miniled, and print olid.
The market share of post-partum tcl-Stars will rise to more than 15% in the area of its panel. The "double engine" is fully functional, and the company's performance, Long Rainbow, has completed semiconductor displays, the material's two-engine layout: in semiconductor displays, the company has become a global leader.
In the area of materials, the company acquires meringue electronics, actively captures power semiconductors, light voltage gold during the period of development, with a focus on g12 silicon tablets, high-efficiency stacking components and industrial 4.0 projects, we recognize.
In the long run, companies have become the world’s leading LCD face.
The project is expected to improve the company's profile in the area of the int panel;
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Macro-level capture, top-down excavation of investment opportunities in different segments of the industry chain, different industries; in-depth understanding of industry landscapes and changes in the industry chain, good at managing marginal changes and cyclical tipping points: exploiting potential investment targets from a unique perspective.