Event: On the evening of April 12th, tcl technology released a performance forecast for the first quarter of 2021, and the company expected actual tcl technology (000100.sz)
The semiconductor shows a high level of business growth that fully benefits the industry. In the first quarter of 2021, the company achieved a net return of $23.2-2.55 billion, with sub-operations: 1) the semiconductor showing that the business fully benefits from the increase in panel prices and higher performance, with the net profit ring for large-scale operations growing by more than 50 per cent.
China's net profit margin ratio increased by 30 per cent and is expected to contribute about $2.2 billion to the mother. 2) Central ring shares perform well, with net profit nearly double that of the year, contributing about $160 million to tcl technology. 3) The industry financial ring has decreased significantly, mainly due to the seasonal wave of financial investment.
The business is expected to continue to grow throughout the year. We believe that, with the exception of the more volatile industrial finance of the season, the company’s main business is growing at a high rate, and performance in the quarter is as expected.
On the demand side, the United States market benefits from the 1.9 trillion-dollar stimulus policy in Biden, while large-scale sporting events are determined to be the basis for demand throughout the year. As a result, television ends.
End-officers are actively seeking more supplies to meet market demand, with a much higher level of supply than in previous years. According to omdia, the LCD panels of mainstream Korean terminal and mainland manufacturer 2q21 have increased their procurement volume by 32% and 36%, respectively.
On the supply side, the material shortage remains a key constraint on the panel delivery. First, the glass base supply is still not out of the accident, maintaining supply-demand-strapped patterns. According to omdia data, the panel floor was only 1 to 2 weeks in stock, less than the normal stock of 3 to 4 weeks. Moreover, the drive should not be driven.
Practicing number: s150520030001 is more severe and is in a severe shortage. According to omdia data, the panel plant has entered the driver's ic-0 inventory and even negative inventory status.
According to discien projections, the output of the panel plant will decline 1.9% in April compared to the same year, looking forward to an increase in in-house growth capacity throughout the year. In addition to the continued over-anticipated price increases, the integration of the three stars and the Mojia International and the release of production-line capacity, such as t7, will provide stability to the company ' s performance in 2021.
At the large end of the scale, the company ' s g11 generation t7 line was officially produced on November 11, 2020, tcl.TclTechnology: Set-up-coded-it line to open up the high end of the city, which is expected to be full by the end of the 21st year, will result in an annual capacity growth of 3.05 million square metres.
The integration of Suzhou's three-star line will also further expand capacity, which is expected to generate 7.1 million square metres of annual capacity growth. The company's large-scale capacity will grow by more than 43% in 2021.
And the release of t4moled's new capacity will also lead to a further increase in the size of the harvest.
In addition, Mojia International is expected to complete its delivery by 2q21, which will produce 11 million modules per year and provide a steady increase in performance throughout the year.  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: with panel price increases, productive release, and asset matching tables, we expect to be public.
The tcl Science and Technology Insight Report: EMPs and endogenous growth is 10/9/8 times higher. Given the company's leading position in semiconductors and the future space for long-term development, we maintain a “buy-in” rating of the company, with a target market value of $215 billion.
"TclTechnology: Three Quarters Super Pessimistic Expectations, Internal and Epidemic Risk Factors: Repeated Epidemics, Downstream Demand Less than Expected."
Industry’s Lead Competitiveness Highlights 2020.05.31 The Three Stars Exit + Epidemic Disturbation, Looking at New Patterns of Supply and Demand of Panels
The price of the main size of the tv panel has returned to q3 level in 2017.
Figure 2: tcl Science and Technology Collection and Profit Performance Figure 3: tcl Science and Technology Profit Performance Figure 4: Three Stars and lg Television Panel Purchases
Figure 5: Procurement of front-line television panels in China
Figure 8: Comparison of supply and demand for the 2020-2022 glass-based panels. In the first place, Xian University of Electronics and Technology has been a major player in the semiconductor industry for almost five years, with foreign companies such as Texas instruments, familiar with the semiconductor and consumer electronics chains.
In 2017, in Pacific securities, in 2018, securities were introduced; in 18/19 Crystalball, in 2/3 of the electronics industry; and in 18/19 Gold Bull Award, in 3/2 of the electronics industry. Li Xiaoqing, M.A., Wuhan University, in 2018, in Southwest securities, and in 2020, in Sinda securities, covering semiconductor products.
Liu Chilai, Master of Finance of the Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, joined the Sinda Securities in 2020 to cover the consumer electronics chain. Autumnto, a Master of Asset Assessment at the University of Gangan, joined the Sinda Securities in 2020 to conduct research in the electronics sector.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.