tclTech q1 performance increased significantly, and acquisition consolidation went well. Semiconductor display, semiconductor photovoltaic and semiconductor materials performed well, q1 performed significantly.
The Division estimated a net profit range of 1q21 at $30.5-34.2 billion, an increase of 10.30 to 11.60 times the same year, owing mainly to a 15-fold increase in the tcl. net profit and a nearly 30-per-cent increase in the ring ratio; and the inclusion of tclCectetet (CEI) Ltd. in its consolidated statement in the fourth quarter of 2020.
During the reporting period, the net profits attributable to the shareholders of its listed companies were increased by the same amount as for the shareholders of its listed companies 60 per cent of its shares and 100 per cent of its shares of its three star displays (now Suzhou PVS) Ltd.
The acquisition of Motsu International’s 100% equity cut-off is proceeding as planned. The company’s industrial finance and investment portfolio, as well as other business lines, are doing well, and its performance is expected to grow steadily throughout the year.
More recently, the company announced that it would raise not more than $12 billion, including $9 billion for the Guangzhou Star 9 project and $3 billion for the replenishment of capital flows.
8.6 A new display line for the semiconductor of the oxidizer, using new display techniques such as igzo, major production and sale of high-value-added t screens, vehicle monitors, medical, engineering, aviation, specialized monitors, commercial display panels, etc. The construction of project t9 will further upgrade the company.
“Tcl Science and Technology: Acquisition of the Central Ring Group, Towards a New Race in Technology”
tclTechnology: Focused Semiconductor shows that the next round of motion, the LCD industry, has a declining climate, and new projects have not advanced as expected. tcl Group: To be renamed tclTechnology, dedicated to building
Leading Science and Technology Enterprises 20200113 S.H.I.S.I.S.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
Electronics: optical optical electrons