The second growth curve shows a bright view of the growth of platform-based companies, with a mid-2025 rating: company announcements, 25h1 yields 10.74 billion yuan, compared to 36.4 per cent in the performance forecast.
Central; Mother ' s net profit of 2.37 billion yuan, +37.2 per cent; Mother ' s net profit of 2.27 billion yuan, +33.0 per cent, +3.0 per cent, profit of which is in the performance forecast centre. Of this, 25q2 Battalion received $5.89 billion, + Liu Guangmi
Growth of 1.1 per cent over 25q1; the number of web sites over 4.2 million. In the subregion, 25q2 Guangdong income increased by 2.9 pcts to 75.9 per cent over the same period, with 25q2 having slightly fluctuated in profitability as a result of the increase in the share of new goods in East China/China/Gwangxi and the increase in costs. 25q2 was returned to the motherland.
The raw material cost dividend continues and is mainly affected by changes in product structure (upgrade of the Māori rate, such as water recharge, tea of fruit, etc.); the sales cost rate of 14.8 per cent, compared to 0.5 pcts, is mainly due to the increase in the cost of putting in freezers, with a projected decrease in the level of subsequent low-season disturbances; and the management cost rate of 2.3 per cent, compared to the same rate
+0.3 pcts, mainly due to higher costs associated with the Hong Kong stock listing scheme. Second, the growth curve is bright, looking at the growth of platform-type companies. In the short term, the income end, considering the accelerated pace of development of the 25-year web site and the fast-moving of new items such as water and fruit tea.
The price of white sugar has remained on a downward trend and the cost dividend is expected to continue; sustained growth over 25 years of special drinking and rehydration is expected to release a scale effect that will support higher levels of profitability. In the long run, the functional drinking industry is expected to continue to expand, companies are expected to benefit as head companies, and platforms are expanding.
The product groups are expected to contribute to the growth point, and the growth of overseas markets is expected to open up new opportunities for growth in the future. The firm’s performance is less certain and growing, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
The company's on the market. It's on the market. It's on the market, and it's on the market, and it's on the market, and it's on the market, and it's on the market, and it's on the market, and it's on the market, and it's on the market, and it's on the market, and it's on the market, and it's on the market, and it's on the market, and it's on the market, and it's on the market, and it's on the market.
20 billion dollars for internationalization of the proposed stock market.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.