A steady growth in harvests and an increase in the contribution of improved cultivation through channels - An incident evaluation report by the company Dong Ping Bing (605499.sh) On July 25, 2025, an annual performance announcement was issued for the year and a half of 2025.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn zhangqian@cfsc.com.cn has a robust growth rate with stable rates
With a steady growth in revenue, the company continues to pursue a full-source farming strategy in the Guangdong region, while actively exploring national marketing channels, leading to an increase in the volume of new items such as 500ml gold bottles and patches; the Māori ratio of 2025h1 increases by 1 pct to 1 pct.
Implementation of the nationalization strategy to further expand the scale of sales and increase the cost of sales personnel, ice containers and advertising; net interest rates are equal to 0.1 pct to  electrolytic beverages with increased speed and speed of improvement of the channel.
By product, 2025h1 energy beverages/ electrolytic beverages/other beverages, respectively.
1 East Plum beverages (605499): high performance, high performance, national multi-goods strategy, high performance, good quality and regional distribution
Home, over 4.2 million end-points. Subregionally, 2025h1 Guangdong/North China is still growing by more than 20% at a high base, and the North China market has continued to expand and is expected to expand and expand.
The region has been growing at a high rate, benefiting from the expansion of channels and the expansion of new products. Companies have continued to grow, proving the high growth and sustainability of their nationalized + multi-goods development strategy with more than 10 billion revenues over six months, with better and more access.
Co-opportunity in the goods class is expected to sustain steady growth in corporate performance. According to macroeconomic downside risk in 2025, competition in the industry increases risk, the price of raw materials increases risk, food safety risks, and the spread of new products is not as good as expected.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, eight years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
The basics of the shares, seeking medium- and long-term opportunities, are good at taking advantage of short- and medium-term potentials; they think hard about white wine, and they have deep marketed ideas and insights into the wines, always in the form of spices, fast-freezes, and leisure foods.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.