Dong Poon beverages: The q2 income continues to rise, the q2 income continues to rise, the season improves the visibility of the ice, effectively drives the increase in sales to thousands, and companies increase their contribution to the cost of ice freezes, such as freezers, and effectively boosts the increase in sales.
In terms of product categories, the q2 q1 q2 drinking industry is expected to continue at a q1 rate, maintain a better growth in sales, rehydration is expected to double, and this year the number of participants in the electrolytic water industry has increased significantly, but Dong Peng is one of the most powered enterprises, with a relatively limited expected competitive impact; the company has introduced new products in q1
Good feedback from tea terminal sales of total equity/flow (billion shares) is expected to contribute to a sustained increase in sales.
The cost of the winter freezer has increased and the profit level has fluctuated slightly in the single quarter. The level of interest has declined from year to year, prices are expected to drop steadily at end-of-cost Pete, white sugar, etc., Māori rates are expected to remain stable, mainly as a result of increased cost-side investment, and this year in the context of increased competition in the industry during the season.
The pace of spending on the company's freezer increased, last year q3 plus part of the freezer, q2 less, < < < beverages of East Peng: q1 achieves a high rate of opening red, flat > investment proposal: q2 season heats earlier, with the company's product sku gradually enriched this year.
The company is now increasing its efforts to freeze and display its input to effectively boost the consumption of large singles, as well as to rehydrate them, < < Tung Poon Beverage > : a successful year-rounder, a year-long tea of fruit, etc., to boost the sales of new items, and, according to the source, the monthly sales of new products are growing at a very high rate.
Keeps healthy. The company’s main industry is becoming more secure throughout the country, and the second curve is increasing by 10 billion years later.
During the same period, the new fruit of tea was sold on a single basis, and the growing of coconut juice in the catering channels was tried to spread more widely than expected _ and the web site was not developed as expected. East Peng beverages: the cost of the q2 freezer was increased and income continued to rise.
East Poon Beverage: Increased spending on the Wang season freezer, q2 revenue continues to rise, Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., Beijing Road 926 in Yongming City, Yunnan Province, on the 31st floor.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “I, Inc.” or “Pacific Securities”) is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
In any case, the information in this report or the opinion expressed in it does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors should make their own investment decisions.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also raise claims for these companies.