Non-financial first-time coverage report for food beverages, non-food beverage milk, and the evolution of national production-functional beverage taps towards platform development.
Investment rating: Increase in (first) the number of leaders in the functional beverage industry, and the company’s fundamentals are growing rapidly. The company achieved revenue of $10,037 million in the first half of 25 years, Chang Dong-sue
By 36.37% over the same period, the net profit on maternity was 2,375 million yuan, an increase of 37.22% over the same year. According to the announcement, the Department of Public Administration collected $5,889 million in 25 years q2 quarter, an increase of 34.10% over the same period, a net profit on maternity 1.395 billion
The energy beverage industry has continued to grow, and the second curve has grown faster. 1) Energy beverages: as the rhythm of modern life has accelerated, the company's ongoing consumer education continues to increase, the application of energy beverages has increased, from 4.46 billion yuan in a single quarter, an increase of 18.77 per cent compared to the higher base level.
In view of this increase, we believe that it is mainly due to the continued expansion of the consumer population and the simultaneous increase in the frequency of consumption. According to the Eirich International Statistics, the average per capita consumption of energy beverages in 2024 was 2.8 litres, compared to the United States (11.3 litres) and Japan (4.1 litres), the market still has a high potential for development; 2) electrolytic beverages: the company’s second curve, “water rehydration.”
Precise positioning of consumption scenes requiring urgent replacement of electrolysis after a large number of sweatings, targeting of motorists and student groups, and maintenance of a continuous abundance of taste and specifications to meet diversified consumption demand, sustained high growth rates since their introduction, with company electrolytic beverages reaching revenue of $923 million in the first quarter of 25q2, an increase of 19.05 per cent in the same period, q2 quarter camp.
This compares with an increase of 8.42 pct to 15.68 per cent in the same period last year, which has become more evident in terms of driving up the growth rate, and anticipates that, as the product's taste specifications continue to enrich and the distribution channels expand further in the future, the amount of “water-up” monoliths will increase, the digitally enabled companies will expand in many ways, and the end-control capacity will support the development of the platform.
A mature digital management system is at the heart of a company’s ability to sustain growth. Companies now have a dynamic tracking of the life cycle of their products and a process-wide digital operating system that covers supply chains, production bases, channel partners, and end consumers through three major digital systems that cover marketing, supply chains, management.
By the first half of 25 years, companies had more than 3,200 distributors, effective networks covered over 4.2 million, wide penetration of markets at all levels, with significant advantages in market coverage. Strong digital operations and management of channels complemented each other and served as a source of continuous corporate evolution towards platform-based enterprises, with diverse enabling products.
He's got $503 million in the first quarter of 25q2, an increase of 61.78%, of which the new product, Tea of Fruits, is a fast channel for digital marketing, based on the price of 1l large bottles and the digitalization of the Mon dollar. We believe that the company now has a mature monolithic methodology, a powerful digital operation and a fine-tuning pipeline.
The combination of competencies will gradually transform into platform-based enterprises. Multiply, given the continuing high growth in company fundamentals, the first coverage will be given an “enhanced” rating.
My personal views on the subject matter securities and issuers are not present, do not relate to, and will not be directly or indirectly linked to, specific investment opinions or opinions in this report, in a diligent and professional manner, using information on legal compliance, and in an independent and objective manner.