q2 projects a sustained increase in revenue, new product performance, “directing related business activities with marketing” as a clear corporate consensus, and a sustained nationalization strategy, through fine-tuning of channels management, continuous strengthening of channel operating capacity, and enhancement of ice-frozen construction.
With the ability of good channels to open up, the company continues to grow deep in the base market, and the country’s market continues to grow at a high rate. The expansion of the product category is beginning to yield results, and it is expected to perform well.
On the ground, it actively explores multi-grade developments, fostering new growth points for companies to continue to grow, rehydrating other beverages with revenues of between +72.62% and +375 million. Looking forward to the second quarter, new products from the market, we believe that we are expected to benefit from the growth in revenues from the advantages of the company’s channels.
q2 profits are expected to be largely flat or related to freezer input. In addition, profits are based on refrigerator input. Profit predictions and investment proposals: companies continue to work deep in Guangdong Province and optimize distribution in the provinces.
The system, the business team, we think the company's energy beverages are expected to grow better in the country's markets. For the second half of 2025, we think of the price advantage and the \triangleright in the East Poon Rehydration.
Risk factors: price volatility of raw materials, growth of new products less than expected, nationalization less than expected
In Beijing, a section (b) of the Kim Dynasty A127 West Avenue, Beijing, will not be relevant, nor will it be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.