The high performance was in line with expectations, and the national multi-grade strategy was very effective - the Dopium Beverage (605499.sh) incident evaluation report, July 11, 2025, with the release of the semi-annual performance increase of 2025
Conns@cfsc.com.cn zhangqian@cfsc.com.cn Continues high performance and nationalization strategy advances
The continuation of the high growth is due mainly to the continued progress in the company ' s nationalization strategy and the increase in sales costs due to the quarterly increase in frozen inputs. Short-term costs are recognized as affecting profit performance at a pace that is expected to remain stable throughout the year.
• With regard to the maintenance of markets and the acceleration of the national marketing network, the construction of a strong investment in ice-freezing, the enhancement of the storage of ice containers and the optimization of the shelf, and the development of a new growth point;
The product, with a steady increase in large single items, has been refilled by a large packaging pricing strategy and multiple scenes that have been rapidly released, and has recently been further promoted as a sugar-free doppelganger.
To date, the company has created energy and electrolytic beverages with double induction, tea drinks, coffee beverages, fruit and vegetables juice, vegetable protein beverages, etc. 1 and East Plum beverages (605499).
The product matrix covered is expected to sustain the performance of the company as multi-grade co-opts continue to grow, looking at the good products and regions continue to grow and expect the expansion of the product and the expansion of the sea.
The company has continued to grow, proving the high growth and sustainability of its nationalization + multi-producer development strategy of 2025-03-09 with more than 10 billion revenues over six months, optimized and more diversified channels.
Co-opportunity of goods, and firm performance is expected to continue to grow robustly. We expect to continue to increase, opening up room for growth.
• Sun Shan: Master of Economics, eight years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, full coverage of the food and beverage industry.
Focus on the beverage plate, study in depth the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the NSS, New Age securities, stock fundamentals, seeking medium- and long-term equity opportunities, mastering short- and medium-term potential shares, and working hard to think about the white wine plate, with deep market thinking and insight into the Sou wine.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.