East Peng beverages (605499.sh)
The second curve is growing rapidly, and the mix of beverage enterprises is gradually becoming more developed. In the first half of the year, the corporate product matrix was further refined.
As the second curve continues with its rapid growth, h1 electrolytic beverages generated 1.49 billion, an increase of 213.7 per cent over the same period, targeting various channels and consumer scenes with 380ml new products and 900m1 "rehydrated" products: other beverages are fast opening the market on the company's network of channels.
The network of product mix channels deepens the nationalization. The company has now built a deep-deep, deep-dwelling stereo that covers the entire country.
With more than 3,200 distributors and over 4.2 million active terminal sites, the cumulative impact on non-repeal terminal consumers is over 250 million. Regionally, the first half of the year saw a 20.6 per cent increase, 32.6 per cent, 29 per cent, 39.8 per cent, respectively, in the first half of the year.
q2 Increase in freezer placement for marketing purposes. h1 company Māori ratio increased by 0.55 pct to 45.15 per cent over the same period, and the ratio of low Māori electrolytic beverages increased significantly (oy+7.86 pcts), in addition to discount rates
In the second half of the year, we expect the company to continue the fine management of its channels and marketing inputs and continue to benefit from the growth of its markets and product categories; in the long run, the two-wheel drive effect is expected to be expected from the drinking and rehydration of East Pate.
It is expected to be 34 times, 27 times and 22 times higher, respectively. We are looking forward to corporate platform-based enterprise development. This report was prepared for the first time by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., which invests in Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... is not a personal customer.
All or part of the report is issued or printed for any purpose.