Rehydration has grown at a high rate, fruit tea has performed well, base markets have continued to contract, and water has performed well. 2025q2 has earned up to $4.460 billion from its main business, and electrolytic drinks have earned between +190.05 and 923 million.
In the second growth curve, the q2 Guangdong region receives +19.08% to 1,421 million, and the Guangxi region receives +31.17% to 362 million.
The national market continued to grow better, with China’s regional revenues ranging from 29.06 per cent to 692 million dollars per year, with a slight increase in the cost of operating 2025q2 companies at +34.97 per cent per year, \triangleright
Increased sales staff, freezer inputs, advertising inputs; administrative costs + 52.78 per cent to $138 million, management costs +0.29 pct to 2.35 per cent, which we believe is mainly due to increased expenditures on salaries, depreciation and amortization of management personnel, and information services.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: The company continues to grow deep in Guangdong Province, while the distribution system and the business team are being optimized in the provinces, and we believe that the company’s energy beverages are expected to grow better in the national market. For 2025, we think that in East Poon, the fruit tea, with its price advantage, is better.
Risk factors: price volatility of raw materials, growth of new products less than expected, nationalization less than expected
In Beijing, a section (b) of the Kim Dynasty A127 West Avenue, Beijing, will not be relevant, nor will it be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.