q2 revenue continues to rise, platform layout deepens, \triangleright second curves increase brightly, platform layout is accelerating.
\triangleright billion dollars, 62% of the year, or 8.5% of the year. The company insists on opening channels and tilling, laying a solid foundation for higher harvests, while the platform layout is on the acceleration trend, with the second curve and the new product collection continuing to climb.
The core product, Dong Peng, continues to grow beyond the web site, and through marketing, it invests in branding and expanding its capacity to eliminate the Wang Xinhai people, increasing its individual capacity, and rehydrating it as a second-growth pole end-loading rate rapidly climbs up the slopes.
The strategic layout of the company ' s multi-goods portfolio has also been deepening. For the subregion, the 25q2 Guangdong region collects 1.42 billion yuan, equivalent to +20 per cent.
Three hundred and fifty-five million yuan, +39 per cent, of which China East/China/China/Cangxi/Southwest/North China were actively involved in promoting sales during the season, with a slight fluctuation in net interest rates on the sales margin of 25q2 gross. 25q2 company gross was relatively low; 2) the percentage of discounts increased. At the cost end, 25q2 company sales/management/research and development/finance
The third quarter of 2024 (605499.sh) is marked by a positive increase in freezer input and promotion of sales, with an extension fee of +61% for the 25h1 channel.
High growth performance continues, medium-term dividends raise shareholder returns by 20 times higher than consumption, companies take root and layout high growth paths, and the idea of large packaging/value-for-products is constantly reinforced, along with the company's ongoing nationalization process and channel farming strategy, drinking water in East Platt and rehydrating water.
In the next year, the engine was driven by a higher level of certainty about the company's income, and the new big packaged fruit tea was placed on the market.
In the medium-to-long term, the corporate platform will continue to deepen and enrich the product matrix, while at the same time actively pursuing overseas market exploration and layout, with significant growth potential. The methodological and analytical logic will lead to conclusions, an independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.