The Centre for Resource and Environmental Research (CRED) has increased (first rating) in Sint steel (000708.sz) The specialty steel industry has a strong resistance to the cycle
In 2019, the company made the whole listing by issuing shares to buy 86.50% of the stock of the steel and 13.5% of the share of the steel. At the same time, it took part in the bankruptcy of Zhejiang Gros' seamless steel.
Upon completion of the reorganization, it produced more than 14 million tons of special steel per year, making it the largest leading company among listed steel companies. Business performance grew countercyclically. In 2019, the company earned $72.62 billion, a year-on-year increase.
477.6 per cent; mother-to-child net profit of $5.386 billion, an increase of 955.8 per cent over the same period; consideration of asset injection, at a comparable percentage point. Rough steel production of 14.9 million tons through technological adaptation and optimization, resulting in an increase of 1.6 million tons.
The high-end equipment manufacturing industry, such as machinery, military-industrial aviation, oil extraction, and energy, is involved, depending on a single industry. At the same time, the country’s production of steel is low, the development of high-end equipment, etc., will continue to lead to an increase in the consumption of steel, and the product will develop at the mid-to-high end, with the prospect of further opening up import-substitution space.
Consider the history of Japan, Europe, and other countries, which, through natural growth and import substitution, will need steel at an average annual rate of about 13%.
There are four major production bases for Jiangyang, Qingjia, Huang-seok, and Jingjiang. The country’s leader is well established, with more than 80% of the country’s many varieties of steel, including axle and steel; research and development inputs, the proportion of the industry’s top three; and synergies between the bases to increase production and reduce efficiency gains, such as the Qingjio Steel Renewal Project, have not yet taken place.
In addition, companies have a history of merger restructuring with experience and a capacity for peer integration, and subsequent potential integration is expected to open up further room for imagination.
Niwenyi@qjzq.com.cn Risk of price volatility of products: risk of decline in overseas demand as a result of the epidemic: release of the risk of stock restrictions. Reorganisation to establish a corporate leader in special steel listings
In April 2019, the company adopted a major reorganization of 86.50% of the shares of the company in the form of issuing shares for investment in Tae Fu, Jiang Xinhai, Jiang Xinhai, Jiang Xinhai, Jiang Qing Qing Qing Tai and Jiang Xin Fu combined. In August of the same year, the price was set.
In November, the CSCM was involved in Tefu's investment in the transfer of 13.5 per cent of the stock held in the Csingt steel through a public listing of the Jiangsu provincial delivery agency and was identified as a transferee, after which the CSCR would hold 100 per cent of the share in the Csingt steel.
In November 2019, the company signed a State property transfer contract with Taefu, under which the public sector was awarded 13.5 per cent of the share transfer price of the Xingjin steel held by Tae Fu.
Prior to the second transaction, the company held 86.50 per cent of the shares in the Xingchent steel, the company held 100 per cent of the shares in the Xingcheng steel, and, in May 2019, the company adopted the Limited Participation in the Zhejiang Gros seamless steel pipe.
After this reorganization, the company acquired 100% of the equity of the reconstituted Gros.
The company owns two production bases for raw materials: Gang Sujiang, Xiangjiang, Xiangjiang, Xingjiang, Xingjiang, Xingjiang, Xiang Jian, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xin, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, X
With the completion of the restructuring of the two main industrial chains: Shandong Taifu, Zhejiang steel tubes, and the formation of the chain along the coast, the company's first shareholder was transformed from a new smelting steel to a Cin-Tefurt steel, and the real control remains that the company is currently a special steel student with large global steel species coverage, full diversity and a wide range of product categories.
Production base. Four major production bases in Jiangyang, Qingjia, Yellowstone and Yangjiang, with capacity of 918, 1342, 13 million tons of iron, steel and steel.
Lines, alloy steel, six major product groups, and condensed materials, silver and car parts, etc. Deeply processed product series: Downstream, mainly for cars, petroleum, chemicals, coal, electricity, mechanical manufacturing, rail transport, etc.
The industry, as well as the shipping, aviation, space, etc., has sold their products at home and abroad, to more than 60 countries and territories on five continents around the world. As companies have been restructured and renamed and listed as a whole, production and business performance in 2019 have also been created in a reverse direction.
The company achieved 72.620 billion yuan in operating income in 2019, an increase of 0.60 per cent in comparison with the previous year; it was attributed to the upper volume of 14.9 million tons, 13.7 million tons of material (including 498,000 tons of raw materials) and the sale of steel.
Total sales amounted to 13.27 million tons, an increase of the same value. § In 2019, the company increased production by nearly 1.6 million tons through technological adaptation, optimization of the process, strengthening of production management and process capacity, with a focus on closing the gap; and implementation of increased output, process reduction, and work
Fifteen specific measures, such as art, procurement and logistics, have resulted in a marked decline in the combined cost of enterprises, which has raised the profit margin. Focusing on medium- and high-end steel has increased counter-cyclical resilience to risk.
The company produces 5 million tons of iron, 6.9 million tons of steel and 6.6 million tons of wood each year. Major equipment such as iron, steel, rolled steel, testing, etc. has been imported from abroad.
The company’s products consist mainly of bearing steel, gear steel, spring steel, berthing steel, curtain steel, super-plate, container steel, piped steel, high-strength steel, etc., which are widely used in petrochemicals, engineering machinery, automobile steel, high-speed railways, marine engineering, wind power, etc.
The industry of electricity, new energy, etc., with high standards of bearing steel, automobile steel, and so on, has been a strong leader for many years. Shining steel has now become one of the country’s largest specialized niches for steel production, with internationally advanced equipment.
• High standard bearing steel production is the world ' s highest, with domestic market over 80 per cent; car zero steel domestic production is the highest, with high-end domestic market over 65 per cent; high-end domestic market over 90 per cent of maritime berth chain steel; and mineral chain steel domestic market over 90 per cent
The rate is more than 80%; the domestic market is more than 70% at the top end of the chain. Chart 7: Corporate income as a percentage of corporate steel has won the state gold prize, the state silver prize for spring-and-roll steel, and many products have won.
The National Gold Cup for the Physical Quality of Metallurgical Products, a wide range of products rated as China's high-tech products, has made a breakthrough in a series of battle programmes for molding and chaining steel bearings, and has received international high-end clients Chart 10: The application of company products in excavator components
Figure 11: The company’s products are in high-iron component application scenes where the steel is dependent on its own advanced production equipment and is more productive than the industry average.
The level of the Māori rate, which is not influenced by cyclical adjustment factors, can also reflect the company’s industry’s leading supply position.  The company achieved a net profit of $1063 and $410 in 2018, compared to the large smelt.
Steel is $371 and $187, respectively. The combined profitability of the steel is at the forefront of the industry.
(b) Special medium-sized sheeting, special seamless steel tubes, alloy steel wires, alloyed rounding, etc. product groups, as well as thermal treatment materials, silver light materials, car parts, steel balls, springs, etc. deep processing systems, with the following main processes:
Figure 15: Alloy steel rods (scaling) process flow chart Figure 16: Corporate capacity and major equipment
During the year, the R & D investment of companies reached 4.48%, and the R & D investment of companies ranked 3rd out of the 32 listed steel companies. R & D investment was in the lead among steel companies, and also among steel, steel, steel, and steel companies, ranked first, after military advances and stainless.
The project is progressing as planned, with a total investment of 360 million yuan in technology adaptations and a planned investment of 735 million yuan in high-quality model steel production lines, with an investment of 340 million yuan and 60 per cent of the construction of a fast-acting plant housing unit.
The completion of the first phase of the construction of the model plant, the installation of the modular equipment, the completion of 50 per cent of the implementation of the double vacuum plant housing, the completion of the installation of two protective atmosphere slag furnaces, and the completion of the project will meet the company's higher requirements for variety and quality, such as the model steel: taking over from the previous year's work-building plant special smelting.
Several projects have been completed, such as the remodelling of the production equipment, which has improved the configuration of the special smelting equipment to meet the production of the special smelting and the subsequent development of new products, improving the quality of the products and meeting the delivery requirements of priority, high-end varieties.
The company follows market hot spots and industry developments closely, develops new varieties, develops niche products, develops more than 300,000 tons of new products throughout the year, and increases the number of high-end varieties to 960,000 tons.
Steel has been followed by certification of well-known cars such as popular, Honda, East Wind, high-end bearing steel, with a similar increase in the supply of high-end users such as skf, Timken, internationally known companies, with large wind bearings replacing imported materials with steel; and a number of high-end products have been successful.
Development, shield bearing steel, large-scale drilling drill steel, etc., to fill the national void; world-class testing of fatigue in molding, slag bearing steel; and various research and development projects that have received four national and provincial awards for scientific and technological progress through validation or acceptance, and have sponsored and participated in the revision of national tenders
Quantified by five, three projects have been validated for scientific and technical results, all of which are world-class. Focus on new customer development and relationship maintenance, with a high level of stability and a high direct supply.
In addition, companies construct “product, learning, research, and use” industry chain models through marketing sessions, product promotion sessions, technical seminars, etc.
The ratio is about 20%, and the company will continue to have a high potential for growth in the Vite Steel industry after restructuring, with a significant increase in the future consumption of the special steel, market potential and space for development.
Large. In contrast to the bottleneck in the growth of demand in the steel industry, the growth of high-end equipment and other industries will continue to drive the growth of steel consumption. Compared to developed countries such as Japan, Germany, and Sweden, it is shown that the steel industry will grow significantly when the steel industry matures.
The amount of steel produced in 2018 was 44.0 million tons, or less than 5% of the total, which is significantly lower than the 15-25% share of manufacturing power (Japan, Germany, Switzerland, etc.).
If we consume about 900 million tons of rough steel in 2018, and as the rate of urbanization rises and the country moves into a post-industrial phase, it is conservatively projected that our consumption of rough steel will gradually decrease in the future to 600 million tons/year and begin to stabilize, with an estimate of 15 to 25 per cent of the special steel consumption.
Cars, airplanes, high iron, energy, and high-end equipment. We look at the history of the steel industry in Japan, Europe, where the share of special steel consumption has risen to a greater degree than in the developed world after a peak of 20 years.
A comparison of the world ' s major steel-producing countries ' special steel ratios for 2010 and around shows a global average of 10 per cent, with Sweden ' s special steel ratio at 50 per cent, and the world ' s first developed countries, such as Germany, Japan, Italy, at 23 per cent, Japan, 19 per cent and 17 per cent, all above the global average.
* Around 2012, the Swedish special steel ratio rose to more than 70%, Germany to more than 30%, Japan, Italy to more than 20%, and the global special steel ratio slightly increased. In the high-end steel sector, some varieties are still dependent on imports.
The core elements and elements related to the high-end steel varieties required to support enterprises in their efforts to promote high-tech ships, marine engineering equipment, advanced rail transport, electricity, aerospace, mechanical and other major technical equipment are set out in the 2020 report.
The top-level design for iron and steel production capacity does not specifically refer to special steel.
Research and development of high-end steel varieties for major technical equipment in areas such as ocean engineering and core elements and content related to special steel and new materials
The ninth area of the 10 major priority breakthroughs is new material, which refers to special metal functional materials. The 13th Five-Year Plan for the Iron and Steel Industry.
The Iron and Steel Industry Adjustment and Upgrading Plan (SIP) breakthroughs related to advanced manufacturing using high-performance bearing steel, gear steel, bullets (2016-2020)
Spring steel, special equipment with super-intensity stainless steel, large cross-sections, high evenness, high-performance model steel, high-temperature alloys, etc.
Forty-three per cent, 18 per cent, 6 per cent, and 5 per cent are higher in applications than steel. Figure 24: Developments in our special steel industry.
Our special steel products in 2018 are classified according to carbon steel as low-end steel, alloy steel as medium-end steel, and high-end steel as high-end steel, and we find that the structure of our special steel products is dominated by medium- and low-end products, of which more than 50 per cent are intermediate-end products and 50 per cent are low-end products.
About 40% of high-end products, compared to less than 10% of high-, medium- and low-end products. Compared with Japan’s share of high-, low-end products, 30%, 49%, and 21%, our low-end products have a clear competitive advantage, with the end-products close to Japan’s level, while high-end products have a large gap with Japan.
With the gradual deepening of our economic restructuring and the transformation of the manufacturing structure into higher-value-added products, special steel will play a more important role in the continued development of the military industry, the nuclear power industry, the high iron industry and the automobile industry, and the demand for special steel is expected to be released gradually.
Figure 25: Developments in our special steel industry The price differentials in our imports and exports confirm that our special steel product structure is inadequate. In terms of volume, our special steel vents are large and comparable to that of Japan. Our special steel imports are also large, starting in 2015.
Annually, it rose to a peak of 4.04 million tons in 2018. But the unit price of imported and exported products exposed structural defects in our special steel products. In 2008-2018, the average price of our special steel imports was low, indicating a high external dependency of our high-end steel products, while our low-end steel products were internationally available.
Greater competitiveness attests to the structural defects of our special steel products, which in the future will exist in our special steel industry, for example in the case of the automobile market, where there are more types of steel used by cars, mainly plated and high-quality materials, which are the main raw materials for automobiles, accounting for about 72 to 88 per cent of the raw materials for automobiles.
According to our Analysis and Forecast of the Demand for Steel in the Automotive Industry, the diversity of steel used in the automobile industry consists of approximately 57% of car steel (of which about 70% are car cars), 30% of Utex steel, 6.5% of steel belts, and 6% of steel.
40%, the first area of application for special steel, is widely applied to car critical parts such as motors, gear tanks, axle poles, etc. – automobile consumption is shifting to higher end to higher end to boost the demand for high end car special steel.
The market for low- and medium-end products in special steel is relatively high; however, some high-end special steel products, such as gear steel, cutting steel and spring steel, with higher requirements for size accuracy, surface photopurity and homogeneity of performance, still require significant imports and are available only on a small scale in the country.
We have been the first country in the world to sell automobiles for many years, and in 2019, we had a cumulative stock of 257.21 million and 2,576,900 vehicles, respectively, which fell by 7.5 per cent in comparison with the previous year.
Probably better than last year. Although short-term epidemics have led to low demand, given recent automobile consumption stimulus policies around the world, it is expected that this year’s overall sales will remain stable at around 25 million vehicles, at the same level.
Thus, combined with the above factors, the robust development of China’s automobile industry will further boost the demand for domestic production of upstream steel as an alternative to imports and increase the demand for high-end steel products.
Figure 26: Average unit price of imports and exports of selected species in China, 2008-2018 Comparative (in yuan/tons) Figure 28: Special steel exports, 2008-2018 (in tons)
Figure 29: Domestic imports of special steel (tonnes) in 2008-2018, the country’s main major steel companies are located mainly in the northeast, China, China, and East China. Special steel consumption is linked to regional industrial structure and demand, with more developed industrial areas such as North, East, Northeast and South China.
The country’s main automotive and mechanical industrial bases, and therefore the four above-mentioned regions, account for more than 80% of the country’s special steel sales. With the exception of the stainless steel industry, most of the special steel companies are concentrated along the East China coast.
In general, the specialty steel industry is less concentrated, more diverse products are produced, and production is more decentralized. According to the Chinese Special Steel Association, the production of steel from domestic head steel companies accounts for a smaller share of total production, and there is still more room for improvement than in countries like Japan, Korea, and the European Union.
In recent years, with the increasing concentration and specialization of the special steel industry, there has been an increase in concentration among leading companies. Enterprises such as too-spoilless steel and sand and steel share, which account for over 70% of the stainless steel market, and companies such as Shining steel, which account for more than 80% of the total production of axle bearing steel.
The largest domestic firms, such as the Steel Group, the Bostal Specialized Steel, have created absolute competition in high-end domestic markets, with the major steel companies operating mainly in high-quality, high-value-added steel with stainless steel bars.
The main product is piped, wire and deep-processed products, producing 3 million steel-scale steel, 2.7 million tons of steel and more than 25 per cent of the product market per year.
We have made the following assumptions about the company's profitability: in terms of production, the company has been fully productive in recent years and is expected to produce at the same level in 20 years: taking into account the Qingjia Steel High-speed Utility Lines Project, which produced in 21 and 22 years, respectively.
On the price side, taking into account the stability of prices for special steel products and the market share of the company’s products, prices for the various varieties are expected to remain stable in the coming years. * On the cost side, the cost of the company’s raw materials is close to 45 per cent ore, 30 per cent coal and scrap steel.
We expect more than 86 million tons of new ores to be supplied in 2020, and according to the World Steel Association, global demand for iron and steel will continue to grow by 1.7 per cent in 2020, with a small increase of around 2 per cent for all of the world's raw iron production, and an increase of 25 million tons is projected.
This also means that the overall supply of and demand for ore will be wide in 2020, with prices falling down overall, with the average price projected to drop by around US$ 10 per ton and US$ 80 per ton by 2020. At the same time, the supply of scrap steel is expected to be tight, and prices will remain strong in 2020;
The demand for coke follows the steel chain, and the price of coke continues to follow the price of steel. So, 20 years, the end of the raw material, especially iron ore, contributes positively to the profit end. On the basis of the above, Māori rates, on the one hand, take into account the slight positive contribution of the raw material, on the other hand, the company Qingjia Tetsu, Jingjiant, on the other hand.
Product price volatility risks. Special steel products are less cyclical than steel, but they are still somewhat influenced by macro demand, particularly in sectors such as automobiles and railways, which may have a negative impact on the sale of corporate products, thus affecting prices and having an impact on performance.
There are more industries involved, and companies can adjust their product structure to meet different downstream demand changes. For example, if automobile sales fall by less than 5% this year, the company’s output can be adjusted by the line of production in favour of lower downstream products that are in good demand, thereby stabilizing product prices and Maori rates.
There is a risk of falling demand from abroad as a result of the epidemic. The main markets for corporate products are home, but some of them are exported overseas, such as Asia, Europe, the Americas, etc., and some 10% of the income is exported. Global production is limited or affected by the current epidemic.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment