:: Investment rating of 39,828 million yuan, or +125 per cent in the first three quarters of buying (maintenance) and 693 million yuan in net return to the mother.
• A return to normal production except in the Linglong and East Wind mining areas, with 30.3 tons of gold produced in the first three quarters and a decline in the 22q3 performance ratio in the first three quarters alone, which we consider to be mainly a decline in the average price: 1 output and sales, 117,000 tons in q2 production and 2.6 tons in the q3 ring; and a fall in the price of 2 gold,
q2 gold at 399/g, q3 gold at 384/g. After the date of the mining rights in the Linglong and East Wind mining areas, they have not been completed due to the impact of the new round of ecological protection red line delimitation in Shandong Province.
A letter from the Ministry of Finance (2022] 2207 concerning the use of the sea as the basis for the construction of the “Three Sectors Three Lines” was issued in Beijing and other provinces (districts and municipalities). According to the letter, the “Three Sectors Three” in Shandong Province were defined in accordance with the requirements and became operational as soon as it became operational.
Gold Mining (Linse) Limited is actively preparing information on the extension of the mine rights mentioned above, contesting for the prompt completion of the extension of the mine rights and the prompt resumption of the work on the mine areas.
The company is steadily moving forward with the M & A of prospecting, the integration of three areas within the province, within the country and overseas, to accelerate access to resources, and to strengthen the support of resources: 1) the increase in prospecting deposits: the comparison between the three mountain islands gold mines, the New Town gold mines, the Yujiang company, the Fujian source company, etc.
2. Resource M & As: Successfully gained access to the Gansu An fork gold mine, which created a resource base for the settlement of Western and Central treasure resources, and built a resource base in Qin Qin Qin Province; 3) Certificate of Rights: successful integration of new mining licences for the Jiao family gold mine and the New City gold mine
The mining rights ranged from 18.5 km2 to 13.75 km2, with mining depths of up to 18.8 million tonnes/year, to 2.64 million tonnes/year.
The company's development plan, based on the construction of a world-class gold production base in the Kuodong region, establishes an incremental programme to issue no more than 624 million shares and raise a total of no more than 9.9 billion yuan, mainly for the development of gold resources in the Kao mining area (integrated), which was announced by the company on 29 October.
The project is well under way, with the SEC's "A Feedback": 2022 gold prices continue to fall, but the Federal Reserve's current interest-raising space is shrinking, and we expect the gold prices to rise again next year; Shandong gold is the leader of domestic gold production.
With high-quality gold mine resources, pending completion of the acquisition and formalization of the project, and taking into account the company’s current progress in the acquisition of the project, it is expected that this increase will lead to a rapid increase in performance. However, given that major mines have not yet resumed work, mountain gold control is affected by the epidemic and financial market fluctuations,
We expect that companies will use legitimate compliance information to produce the present report independently and objectively, that the data and information used in this report will come from open market information and that I will not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor will there be any change in the information and advice contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.