In the first 10 months of 2016, the first ten months of copper rebounded, with a sharp rebound of 24.08 per cent in November, but the average annual price fell by 6.36 per cent. The company’s main product output was equal or deflated: copper in copper, gold, copper products, sulphuric acid, and so on.
Cobalt has decreased by 40,000 tons over the same year, while silver has decreased by 63 tons over the same year. The rise in copper prices has been accompanied by company control of costs, with energy power, labour, manufacturing costs down by 21.73%, 17.53%, and 24.95% over the same year. With the combined effect of higher prices and lower costs, the company has reduced cathode copper, copper pole lines, copper processing products, gold, white \triangleright.
Copper price fluctuations have resulted in losses on the company’s commodity futures and forward contracts, with investment returns recording a deficit of $228 million over the year. Corporate performance has been hampered by both losses on investment earnings and losses on asset impairment.
\triangleright 225,000 tons of molybdenum; 97.4 million tons of sulphur. The company owns the largest copper mine in the country (the Devine copper mine), with an annual copper content of 210,000 tons; has the largest copper smelter in the world (the Precious Creek Smelting Plant), with a cathode production capacity of more than 1.2 million tons per year; and is the largest copper-processing producer in the country, plus an annual addition.
The company's annual report reveals that the company's production and operation plan for copper concentrate in 2017 contained 20889 tons of copper, a decrease of 0.1 million tons compared to 2016: the cathode scheme produced 1.36 million tons, an increase of 150,000 tons over 2016 (an increase of 12.39 per cent); and gold 25 tons and silver 497 tons, a decrease of 0.197 tons.
Global copper supply is still uncertain. According to projections from icsg, 163,000 tons of global copper refining were surplus in 2017, but the supply is affected by a strike in overseas mines by the Don-e-Teon Research Assistant, and we expect that copper refining will be better than expected.
The Cinda Securities Co. Ltd. (cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.), which corresponds to 44, 37 and 34 times the price, maintains an “enhanced” rating.
The risk factors are: global reproducing of mines; and large fluctuations in metal prices.
This report has been prepared and published by the China CSRC. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities and provides support and reference for investment decisions for this category of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. The report is available only to the specific customers mentioned above and is not open to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.