Activity: Companies publish annual reports 2021 and quarterly reports 2022. In 12021, companies achieved business camp / yoy + 11.39 per cent; net return profit of 648 million / yoy + 12.40 per cent; net profit of non-repatriation
In Viet Nam, the \triangleright factory is operating normally, with high demand for global sneakers, and the ability of companies to design and develop their products meets higher levels of demand.
The demand for cards, the expansion of the production capacity of new and expanded factories, automation, and the success of the new branding partnership were among the factors. In 2021, the company resumed its harvest of various products, sports and leisure shoes and sports sandals/slippers and others.
Growth was higher than it was in the same period in 2019. The company collected $14,211 million in sports and leisure shoes, and the company’s production capacity was mainly in South-East Asia, with lower human costs and policy dividends.
The base is mainly located in Viet Nam, where there are small factories in Dominica, where new factories are to be built in 2022 in Myanmar and Indonesia, where South-East Asian countries such as Viet Nam, Myanmar and others have a sufficient labour force and relatively low human cost, and where they encourage foreign enterprises to invest in facilities such as administrative review simplification, investment policy preferences, etc., that are suitable for productive capacity.
>The company uses the Odm model for production, establishing long-term partnerships with multiple brand clients.
Products, with long-term and stable partnerships with customers such as nike, vf, deeckers, puma, columbia, and underarmour. Investment advice: as a leading global shoe-steering manufacturer, (1) companies use domestic R & D and trade
Central, North Central Viet Nam is a production centre that expands production capacity to Myanmar, Dominica and Indonesia, enjoying the cost advantages of scale effects; (2) corporate industrial chains are complete and constantly trying to expand, automated equipment is increasingly being used in production processes, and the cost structure will be constantly improved; (3) companies and a number of world-renowned companies will benefit from the cost advantages of scale effects.
Sports shoe brands have long-term cooperation, have stable customer resources, and demand is not constrained; (4) with special effects, drug and vaccine research and development, the global epidemic is becoming more normal, the population is less affected by the epidemic, and the shoe industry is expected to be further boosted. We predict a company camp in 2022-2024.
\triangleright 1-based, client-based, steadily expanding production scale 1.1 Company profile: professional sneakers, whole industry chain of odm
The Wally Group, the world’s leading professional shoe manufacturer, provides product development, design and manufacturing services for a number of internationally renowned sports shoe brands, such as nike, conversé, columbia, and currently covers shoe-shoe types, including sports leisure shoes, outdoor sandals, sports sandals/slippers, and others.
Heart, the installation of processing manufacturing bases in countries such as Viet Nam has formed a complete production chain for sneakers. Figure 1: Corporate affiliates concentrated mainly in South-East and East Asia global strongholds
The history of the company can be traced in four stages: predecessor development - the initial period of operations (1990-1998): Mr. Zhang Zhenbuan and his partners established the Business of Good and Dynamics Company Ltd., which was listed in Hong Kong in 1995 and has been in operation since then.
In 1997, it was renamed the New Shoe Group, the main shoe-shoe manufacturing business, which became a stable generation of brands known as tiva and conversé, and which has gained momentum.
The new line 1 group set up a design development centre and a shoe modeling factory to gradually refine the shoe-making business chain, and gradually shifted the production of the energy layout to Viet Nam through the opening of a Vietnamese shoe factory, during which converse operations grew rapidly and became the flagship business of the sulfide shoe manufacturer and with vans/columbia/hokaone
International brands such as one/nike have worked in depth. Line 2: Mr. Zhang Xi Yon's children run a multi-shoe factory, mainly converse/vans/timberland/reef/thenorthface/toms
As a result of the gradual replacement of sulfurized shoes by cold and sticky shoes in the mainstream of the market, the rising cost of labour, the gradual movement of group business towards branding operations and property investment following the entry of the new stock holders, the new shoals were acquired by Mr. Zhang Xue Yon, independent of the Wally Group, and continued to expand the number of factories in Viet Nam to enhance productive capacity, companies and companies.
In 2016, more than 100 million pairs were sold. In 2017, the company set up an automated knitting shop to refine the chain of operations in the city, making “Hong Kong, Nakayama, Viet Nam, China, Myanmar, Dominica as processing manufacturing centres”
In 2019, sales broke out by 180 million pairs. During this period, Wally was central to the consolidation of the family’s business under the banner of equity, which was successfully marketed in April 2021.
Mr. Zhang Xe Yon and his partners set up the Business Company Ltd. as Hong Kong headquarters of the shoe companies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The number of brands of company services increased during the period, with the number of columbia/ugg/teva/hoka
Oneone/sfc, among others, provides design, production, and processing services. Mr. Zhang ' s children operate various shoe-shoe manufacturing plants to provide design, production and processing services for brands such as Converse/vans/reef.
In 2013, the shoe-fixing business of the New Shoe Group was acquired by the Zhang Qui Yon family. In 2016, the shipment was 100 million pairs. In 2017, the company set up a professional shoe-coating factory, the company became one of the few shoe-making plants with a full-time chain, such as a shoe-floor factory, a model factory, a shoe-coating factory.
The company's shoe-fixing business was consolidated to form a “Hong Kong, Nakayama, Viet Nam, China, Myanmar, and Dominica as processing-manufacturing centres.” In 2019, the volume of shipments went up by 180 million pairs. 2021  was listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange's business board.
Mr. Zhang is the firm's realist, with 92.73% of the top ten shareholders in the company. The first shareholder in the company holds 84.85% of the stock in the Khunyo Group and 2.63% of the second shareholder in Nakayama; The remaining shareholders hold a lower share, including investment partnerships, strategic distribution schemes, funds, etc.
The company uses the odm model to transform client innovation into a real product. In the surrogate model, it can be divided into two main categories: the ordinary factory uses oem (orginalequipment)
Production of manufacturer, whose design is entirely in accordance with the manufacturer's design; and integrated industrial chains, where integrated plants are produced by odm (originaldesignmanufacturer), which are not only separate drawings, but also provide clients with full services in product development, design manufacturing and maintenance until the end of the period.
The company has a number of processing and manufacturing centres located in Chinashan, Vietnam, Myanmar, Dominica, etc., and has formed a complete odm production chain, with a variety of technologies such as modeling, programming, shoe bottoming and weaving that can be designed according to the needs of its clients.
Inputs were made to convert brand client ideas into practical products that are comfortable, functional, productive and cost-effective, and companies offered odm surrogates for different positioning and priced brands, together with nike, vf, deeckers, puma, columbia, underarmour.
The company’s production base is located mainly in Viet Nam, with small factories in the Dominican Republic, and is expected to be new in Myanmar and Indonesia in 2022.
Factories, adequate labour and relatively low labour costs in South-East Asian countries such as Viet Nam and Myanmar, and facilities such as administrative review simplification, investment policy preferences, etc. to encourage foreign enterprise investment, are suitable for productive deployment. By the end of June 2020, companies produced 100,962 people directly, on average.
Viet Nam ' s Hirobong/Viet Nam ' s Hirohing received 10 per cent of the enterprise income tax for 15 years starting in 2012-2020, and were exempt from income tax for the first four years of the profit year, while the business income tax was halved in nine years, and the income tax rate was 5 per cent per cent in 2021, compared to 20 per cent for other Vietnamese affiliates.
1.2 Business profile: high profit recovery innovation, rapid increase in the Māori ratio of products Replenished significantly, with excellent profit performance. In 12021, the company achieved 17,470 million revenues, figure 7: net profit return and growth rate of the company.
Figure 8: Corporate revenue collection and rate of increase (single quarter) Figure 9: Corporate net profit return and speed increase (single quarter/billion yuan)
Thanks to the normal start-up of factories in Viet Nam, the high demand for global consumption of sneakers, the ability of companies to design and develop their products, the high level of brand demand, the expansion of new and expanded factories, the automation, the smooth advancement of new branding collaborations, the recovery of company collections in 2021, sports and leisure shoes and sports sandals/slippers and their production,
The growth in his earnings was higher than in the same period in 2019. The company collected $14,211 billion/yoy+25.94 per cent of sports and leisure shoes, an increase of 20.01 per cent compared to the same period in 2019. The increase in the rate of Maori for outdoor boots and shoes increased by 1,583 million for all types of products, and the most significant performance was in 2021.
The Māori rate for company sports recreational shoe products was 28.88 per cent compared to +3.44 pcts; the Māori rate for outdoor boots was better; the Māori rate for boots products was better recovered, close to the same level as in 2019; the Māori rate for sports sandals/trailers and their accompanying figure 11: The Māori rate for company products
According to the distribution area, sales grew rapidly in 2021 in each region, and sales recovered significantly in other regions. 84.47% of the period. In terms of sales, the United States region dominated the sales, but the decline in sales was mainly due to the significant growth in R&D costs in 2021: the change in financial costs was mainly due to the large increase in revenue in 2021.
The pre-reorganization involved larger-scale borrowings, resulting in higher interest costs, lower interest expenditure on associated borrowings in 2021, increased interest income and exchange rate gains as a result of the collection of funds into the accounts. q1 In 2022, the cost of company sales increased compared to the same period last year, but decreased costs due to a relatively large increase in revenue collection;
The top five clients continue to be the major contributors to corporate sales, as measured by the ratio of companies’ sales to customers. With the Department’s high-quality, large-client strategy, the top five clients accounted for a very high proportion of their sales and have provided a steady supply of revenue in recent years.
4 Sales have increased and customers 3 and 4 sales have decreased, but sales by clients have been larger than the total, as measured by the company ' s ability to produce, produce and sell sneakers, the impact of the epidemic on the company ' s plant construction in 2020 has been greater, with a capacity utilization rate of 90.93 per cent in 2020, compared to the comparable rate of 90-93 per cent in 2020.
The acquisition of plant and automation equipment has been expanded, the production efficiency of companies has been increased, production has been scaled up, production, production and sales have recovered and exceeded the same levels in 2019, and production utilization and sales have increased significantly.
2.1 The profit projection assumes that the business will be split into sports and leisure shoes, outdoor boots, sports sandals/slippers and three others, and predicts the future development of the business through sales and unit prices.
Increased brand-side demand will drive the growth of corporate revenue; (2) new plants, additions to existing plants and acquisition of plant premises will increase the scale of corporate production; (3) automated equipment applications will be gradually increased in production, making the company more productive and more efficient; (4) corporate customer resources will be stable and new client expansion will be constantly attempted; and therefore demand will be booming and growing.
In a context of good development prospects and a steady expansion of productive capacity, the company’s business harvests will continue to grow. Sub-product observations, in terms of harvest end products, (1) sports and leisure shoes: sports and leisure shoe products are the backbone of the company’s revenue collection and work with multiple partners.
In the context of the convergence of the business directions of the main camp, the sports and leisure shoe market is expected to benefit from the benefits of technological advances, and the company sports and leisure shoe products are expected to continue to increase (2) Outdoor boots: as the global impact of the epidemic diminishes, the performance of the outdoor shoe product will benefit from the full range
In addition, at a time when the country’s tourism mode, such as camping, self-driving and so forth, we believe that the company’s customers will either enhance the layout of outdoor boots on the domestic market, so that outdoor boots are expected to grow more rapidly in the short term. (3) Sports sandals/slippets and others: the application of this product is a comparison of sports shoes and outdoor shoes.
Small, but sandal slippers are more likely to become tidal and personalized monoliths, so we believe that the market demand for such products will continue to grow steadily, driving firm revenue growth. On the cost side, we believe that (1) Vietnam’s human resource costs have increased steadily in recent years, leading to changes.
Cost increases; (2) In 2022, the company will build new plants in Indonesia, Myanmar, etc., and Viet Nam will continue to build new plants, and possible factors such as the rapid start of new plants, the lack of familiarity of producers with the production process and the lack of timely availability of equipment will make it difficult to match the cost of new plants with the harvest.
Upgraded, however, taking into account factors such as the optimization of the cost structure of the company ' s incremental use of automation equipment, the faster time that new plants spend on the ramp, the relative rate of increase in costs will slow down, and the Māori rate will not be a leading global shoe-coating manufacturer ((1) the company uses domestic R & D and ITC, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, etc.)
The North is a production centre that expands production capacity to Myanmar, Dominica and Indonesia, enjoying the cost advantage of scale effects; (2) complete and constantly trying to expand the company's industrial chain, the increasing use of automated equipment in the production process, and the cost structure will continue to improve; and (3) long-term agreement between the company and a number of well-known global sports shoe brands.
Co-operation, stable client resources, unconstrained demand (4) with the development of special effects drugs and vaccines, global epidemic control is becoming more normal, population movements are less affected by the epidemic, the sneakers industry is developing with companies comparing valuations, and the Wally Group can be found to be both profitable in size, client stability and ability to grow.
With a certain advantage, the current valuation is at a reasonable level. As the epidemic is well under control, companies are expected to develop steadily, and future performance is more likely. For the first time, a “recommended” rating is given. 1) Repeated risk of an epidemic: repeated global epidemics affect the overall needs of the sports shoe industry; Vietnam epidemic
Repeated effects on the company’s plant operations.2 Exchange rate movements risk: company revenues are mainly from overseas and are likely to have an impact on company profits if the renminbi exchange rate changes significantly.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.