Corporate review: $2.1 billion in steady growth, building on the basis of high performance: corporate announcement of 15 October, corporate net fund-raising through non-public shares Satellite project, Sino-Star 26 satellite project and replenishment of liquidity.
In recent days, the company has issued a public announcement that it will raise a net amount of $2.14 billion through the distribution of non-public shares for the Sino-Star 6d satellite project, Sino-Star 6e satellite project, Sino-Star 26 satellite project and replenishment.
The launch of this project will help companies to further strengthen their satellite resources, enhance their core competitiveness, and achieve corporate strategic goals. The firm’s firm’s fixed addition plan for late 2020 revealed that the Sino-Star 6d satellite is a replacement satellite for Sino-Star 6a.
and increased the resources of the ku band; the Sino-Star 6e satellite was used to replace Sino-Star 6b and added ku-band multibeam resources, which could meet the operational requirements of operations in terms of operations, coverage and beams on the one hand, and allow for business continuity and smooth transition on the other hand, as well as upgrading of the company's communications satellite resources.
Performance to meet the future needs of wide-wave clients for 8k operations; the medium-star 26 satellite, with its Ka-band payload, is capable of integrated and integrated design and layout of the ka-band wide-capacity broadband guard, seamlessly connected to the corresponding ground system, and of achieving full landing of its carrying operations, further refining me.
At present, the Sino-Star 6d satellite has been successfully launched in April 2022 and is being operated and managed through on-orbit testing, and Sino-Sat 6a has been transferred to Sino-Sat 6d and is operating smoothly.
All right. Sino-Star 6e and Sino-Star 26 are being developed and produced in accordance with the satellite construction plan. Moreover, according to the Space Science and Technology Group, Sino-Star 19 has arrived at the launch site from Beijing.
The traditional areas such as national satellite radio and television, as well as emerging areas such as the high-orbit satellite Internet, have been operating in Hong Kong, and have laid the foundation for the expansion of the 14th Five-Year Satellite Communications operation.
In the first half of the year, net interest rates rose to an all-time high of , , +1.31 per cent) and the cost of depreciation of the company's satellite was lower than in the same period last year.
The Māori ratio (38.65 per cent, +1.95 pcts) has increased slightly, while the company ' s financial costs (-$38 million) have declined significantly, particularly as a result of increased interest on bank deposits and reduced exchange losses (-3.04 per cent, -1.78 pcts). In addition, the company ' s R&D costs ($28 million, + 7.60 per cent) have decreased significantly.
Maintained steady growth and re-established a record high since the company was listed, mainly in terms of corporate R & D inputs 2022h1, net cash flow from the company's operations (-36 million, 26 and Sino-Star 6e) and the cost of depreciation of the company's satellite, or to the company, increased.
Short-term Māori rates have had some impact, but in 2021 net corporate interest rates recovered to pre-epidemiological 2018 and 2019 levels, accompanied by the construction of new satellite space infrastructure, and we judge that companies are working on ultra-clear satellite radio and television, high-orbit satellite Internet applications (Aeronautical Internet, Ocean Internet) and so on.
The expansion of emerging business markets will accelerate further, as will the growth of corporate revenues and net profit volumes, as well as the earning capacity, which is expected to bring about new changes later in mid-145. The three business development logics of the company construct a strong certainty of future performance.
China Space Science and Technology Group Ltd., a core professional in satellite operating services, is the only basic telecommunications operator with autonomous and controlled broadcasting satellite resources in the country, classified by the Ministry of Information and Communications as the national emergency communications professional security team, and is the direct command of the national industrial authorities.
As the second largest fixed telecommunications satellite operator in Asia and the sixth largest in the world, the company has high-quality communications broadcasting satellite resources and operates and manages 14 commercial communications broadcasting satellites with satellite transponder resources covering, inter alia, c-band, k-band and ka-band (as of 30 June 2022).
Based on corporate network disclosures, companies are building satellite operating services, industry systems integration, and integrated information and communication services, and taking into account the firm's firm's steady growth and development status with the company's three major players, we conclude that the growth of the 14th Five-Year Plan is moving at a certain pace over the next few years.
This is reflected in the fact that the company will benefit from the development dividend of the “Live Satellite Television Programme High Clearness”, the prospect of a gradual release of system integration needs in the field of urgent communications, the two major satellite applications of Ocean+Air, and market expansion will be an important driver of growth in the company's medium- and long-term incomes.
1 satellite operating service: enjoying the development dividend of “Living satellite television shows with a high level of clarity and clarity”, in the field of satellite operations, the company is the basic security force for the safe transmission of our radio and television programmes, such as Star 6b, Star 6c, Star 6d, Star 9 and Star 9b, and Guard 6c in Asia and the Pacific.
Stars assumes responsibility for transmitting radio and television satellite signals, providing secure transmission security for more than 800 radio and television programmes in the country. In offshore markets, companies mainly provide reliable satellite transmission services to local telecommunications operators, governments, businesses, etc. in South-East Asia, the Middle East, Africa, etc.
At present, in the Opinion on Further Accelerating the Development of High Quality and High Quality Television, published in June 2022 by the General Directorate of National Radio and Television, it is stated that “we will speed up the launch of live satellite power and encourage the ultra high Quality Channel signals of conditional television stations to go live via live satellite.
The timetable also clearly states that “since 1 July 2022, the additional television channels for live satellite transmissions should be primarily high-level, high-resolution channels” and “by 2025”
At the bottom, there has been a dramatic increase in the number of high-resolution and high-resolution channels for live satellite transmission.” As can be expected, the 14th Five-Year Plan will be further accelerated, and the demand for bandwidth for live satellite will continue to grow rapidly.
As the only basic telecommunications operator in the country that has autonomous and controlled broadcasting satellite resources, it will benefit fully from this dividend, and the volume of revenues from traditional satellite operating services is expected to rise significantly in the coming years.2 Industry systems integration: system integration needs in the area of emergency communications are expected to be released gradually
In the first half of 2022, the company completed the multi-provincial emergency communications network, with multiple applications such as geohazard monitoring, biodiversity monitoring, etc.
The company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Pinoe, has built technologically advanced end products and solutions, and has expanded system integration across a wide range of industries. The successful bid is for a number of emergency projects, such as the Beijing City Emergency Management Agency’s Emergency Mobile Command Vehicle, which has created an integrated emergency vehicle communications system.
In February 2022, the State Council launched the 14th Plan for the National Emergency Response System, which was issued in response to the 14th Five-Year Plan for safe production, disaster prevention and mitigation and disaster response.
“Construction of a dedicated system for high flux satellite emergency management, expansion of the specialized integrated satellite emergency management service system, and increased deployment and deployment of state-of-the-art technical emergency communications equipment, such as high flux satellites.” In recent years, it can be seen that the State is expected to increase its investment in high flux satellite emergency communication applications.
A steady increase is also expected in revenues from the integration of relevant downstream systems, with existing high-throughput satellite resource operators such as the Ocean 6d and the Asia-Pacific 6d.3 Integrated information services: the expansion of the Internet application market for the two major satellites, Ocean+Air, is expected to become a reality
The company actively promotes the development of industry application platforms, the creation of niche service products, and the continuous upgrading of integrated information and communication services capabilities.
With the Integrated Information System (ISIS) service, which promotes the accelerated development of integrated space-specific information services, the ocean Internet, with the global coverage of more than 95 per cent of the maritime routes by the company Seastar Global Network, and the new broadband satellite network of the fully-owned subsidiary Xinoe Global Network
The expansion and coverage of the South Pacific has resulted in an increase in global network service capacity. The number of online ships has continued to grow, with a total of 8,200 vessels in the first half of 2022, an increase of 600 over the same period in 2021.
Increased development of a number of information service products, such as short videos and live feeds; Seastar Constellation's powered intelligent Ing-powered guardian ship, which contributes to the new air network for modern shipping, such as energy-efficient low-carbon, intelligent navigation, transport rescue, with Star 16, the first ka high-throughput satellite, covering more than 90 per cent of the country
In the first half of 2022, a breakthrough was made in the company’s integrated information service with a high-transit satellite, the signing of an agreement with the Sichuan Air Cooperation Battalion was completed, and the first air fleets began to be modified. A cooperative framework agreement was signed with Shandong Air to accelerate the process.
Progress on the project to advance national navigation. Optimization of the platform’s functions has been steadily improved, and the first half of the year, phase one of the platform has been developed and tested. We are reporting in depth on China’s Satellite Internet Industry – Stars in the Greater Universe, the Blue Sea.
In the next few years, the market space of the industry concerned is expected to exceed $5 billion. Although, in the short term, the amount of revenue generated by the company air and ocean satellite Internet operations has not yet been a significant driver of overall performance, the public has not yet done so as a result of the epidemic.
Based on high-transit satellite resources such as Sino-Star 16, the Division has gradually gained a pre-eminence in the expansion of the Aerial and Marine Satellite Internet-based markets. In the medium to long term, the national epidemic is generally manageable, domestic markets such as civil aviation are expected to recover, and in the company ' s future, high-through satellite communication resources such as Star 26 are expected to recover.
With the expansion of the company based on its current pre-existing advantage in expanding the ocean and aeronautical satellite Internet, the growth in revenue associated with the operation is expected to accelerate gradually, becoming an important driver of growth in the company’s medium- and long-term earnings, and we believe that the company is a core professional of the Space Science and Technology Group in the satellite operating services industry.
The Division, which has a national basic telecommunications operating licence and a value-added telecommunications operating licence, is currently the only nationally owned and autonomously controlled satellite communications operator with communications satellite resources, and deserves to focus on the $2.1 billion mark-up of the company, which will be laid by Stars Central, Star China, Star China and Star China 26.
(b) The company 2 as the only high-track satellite communication company in a stock with a certain scarcity, while the first half of the year saw a rise in profitability, with net interest rates rising to record highs since the market was introduced;
3 The growth in corporate performance of the 14th Five-Year Plan will be accelerated with certainty, mainly as a result of the fact that the company will benefit from the development dividend of the “Small Satellite Television Programme Top-up”, the field of emergency communications, the prospect of a gradual release of system integration needs, and the expansion of the market for two major satellite applications, Ocean+Air, will result.
Satellite launches present a certain risk; the epidemic affects the expansion of the company’s Internet market. Figure 4 reports on R & D inputs and their share of revenue (in millions of yuan; %)
China Air Stock Corps: Over 20 members of the largest military-industrial research team in the capital market, relying on the strong military-industrial shareholders of the aviation industry group, conduct military-industrial research, service the military-industrial industry, strive for foresight, depth, systems, comprehensive coverage of all areas of the military-industrial industry, service the capital market at the level of the first tier, and interact well with the regulatory, industrial, capital-related and so on, will not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
This report is not about citizens or residents of any area, country or other jurisdiction who intend to send, or for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report, China Securities Limited and its associated companies to violate local laws or regulations, or to subject Chinese securities to laws or regulations. The copyrights of the material in this report are, unless otherwise indicated, Chinese securities. No material, contents or copies of this report may be made available to any other person without prior written authorization from China.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided only for your reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation or an invitation to another person to sell or purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments.