Bank of Merchants (600036): Retailers secure: April 26th, the Bank of Merchants published its report for the first quarter of 2023, which achieved revenue, pre-rearing profits and net access to the Bank of Merchants, established in 1987 to reform and open China
The frontline - the Shenzhen snake border - is the first in China to have lost interest margins, lost interest rates, and reduced credit costs. At the end of the line: 1023 vendors achieved operating income of 90.640 billion, a 5.6 pct decline in the same year; the main interest differentials and non-interest drags.
Commercial banks, which are wholly owned by corporate entities, are also the first attempt by the model to maintain a faster growth rate, the net interest gap ratio continues to narrow, the net interest income is increasing at a slower rate than it was in 22 years, and the country is moving beyond the system to reform the banking sector.
(55.41 billion, 1.7% increase in the same year, and 5.3 pcc decrease in the speed circle). 2 Non-interest income: a point of realization bank. 35 years after its establishment, banks have been listed in Hong Kong, with commercial banks, financial leases, foundations.
A billion people, down 13.25% from the same year, will take time, mainly because the current client risk preferences remain low, and investment moods will be restored to gold management, life insurance, offshore investment, consumer finance, and time. But the retail customer base will continue to tighten, leading to steady growth at a high base.
Bank groups with financial plates, such as financial subsidiaries, account for 187 million households worldwide and retail aum 12.54 trillion yuan, an increase of 6.25 per cent and 10.55 per cent, respectively, over the same period, with a distinct development character and significant market influence.
In China, the number of customers with sunflowers and more, aum grew by 11.17% and 10.08%, respectively, and the size of loans by private-sector clients expanded faster and the trend towards the periodicization of deposits continued. In the context of the recovery of the economy and the recovery of consumption, the demand for retail credit is expected to recover gradually, with credit expected to boost.
Loans are heavily priced + the cost of liabilities rises, with net interest differentials of 1023 being narrow. The net interest differential of the caller bank is at the end of the liability: interest-bearing liability ratio rose by 6 bp, with savings rate rising by 4 bp, mainly
In 2023, we expect full-year interest rates to recover, demand recover, loan interest rates to slow down, build down, retail loans to be released, and asset structures optimized and returns to stabilize. Recent interest rate self-regulation mechanisms have been added.
The cost of the deposit rate is expected to fall gradually, with the deposit rate marketized pricing being evaluated, the deposit structure optimized, and the Fed increasing interest is gradually gaining ground. The net interest margin is judged to be stable, or it is expected to be stable after the second quarter.
The rate of non-performing loans to commercial banks was 0.95%, a decrease of 1 bp from the end of the previous year. The rate was the same as at the end of the previous year; among them, non-performing loans to public real estate increased by $1.94 billion compared to the end of the previous year, with a negative rate of 56 bp to 4.55%; and adverse pressure in the area of real estate was expected to be less than last year, with the prospect of a substantial retail liquidation during the year.
See, the negative net rate of 1q23 per year was 1.09%, a decline of 7bp, a decline of 6bppt over 22 years, and a decline in the negative rate of production. From forward-looking indicators, the rate of concern was 9bp to investment recommendations: retail lending, demand for wealth management and retail recruitment as the economy and consumption recovered.
Tianxy@dxzq.net.cn Business Models, Business Models, Organizational Models, and Large Wealth Management Values Cycle Chains are expected to continue to function, entrench the competitiveness of the company's markets and maintain a “strongly recommended” rating.
Out-of-date shifts that have an impact on the banking environment, the speed of bank expansion, the level of net interest differentials, the quality of assets, the sources of financial prosperity in the East, figure 1: Net profit of 1q23 in the commercial banks increased by 7.8 per cent over the same period.
Figure 2: Merchant Banks ' performance splits between 2022 and 1q23
The source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports Recruiting Bank (600036): Retailers are growing steadily and asset quality rings are better than good
The University of Cambridge, England, has a master’s degree in finance and economics.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.