27 April 2023 Retail aum continued to grow and the rate of undesirable production declined
The incident company issued a quarterly report in 2023, and performance slowed, with a provision for pressure to mitigate anti-feeding profits of 2023q1, and company operating income of 1st Lat.
The same-year growth rate of 7.69 per cent. As a result of the slowdown in revenue from a number of operations, there was negative growth in revenue collection, net gains, net interest differentials, robust asset end-side growth, excellent performance on public loans, 2023q1, net interest earned by companies, 55.409 billion yuan, an increase of 1.74 per cent, and net interest difference of 2.29 per cent, a decrease of 22bp, a decline in year-on-year.
Client deposit costs have risen, pushing up the cost of interest-bearing liabilities. Asset-side credit has grown robustly, demand-repair belts have triggered retail and business-financing recovery. As of the end of March, corporate lending balances stood at $6.34 trillion, an increase of 4.7 per cent compared to the beginning of the year: 7.46 per cent and 7.46 per cent for the balance of public loans and retail loans, respectively, compared to the beginning of the year.
At the end of March, the public was affected by capital market shocks and customer investment preferences, and clients increased their investment in term deposits.
The decline in the willingness of clients to invest is strongly influenced by the steady increase in retail aum, with companies achieving net non-interest income of $35,227 million, a 6.13 per cent decline in the same year, mainly due to lower customer risk preferences and the return of other non-interest income. 2023q1, with other net non-interest income of the company of $10,148 million, an increase in the same year.
14.91 per cent, mainly in bonds and funds, increased returns on investment. Of these, investment returns (including fair value shifts) Investment advice companies insist on “one wing” and continue to drive business model change and innovation, retail finance, a strong moat, wholesale financial values, business leadership and champion values.
The transformation of light banks has accelerated, capital efficiency has been optimized, business cycles have been reduced, and the quality of profit has been rising. The efficiency of large wealth management systems has been released, financial technology has been further developed, opening up space for companies to grow in the medium and long term. We look forward to the company's future development, with a “recommended” rating, projected at 2023-
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.