2022 & 23q1: Rapid growth in strategic emerging sectors, high potential for +aigc Transition development with high growth in strategic emerging sectors.
The company maintains digital innovation and continuously optimizes its portfolio. 22 years of revenue collection (+14.92%), maintaining robust growth; 23 years of q1 revenue collection (-3.97%), a slight decline over the same period. Twenty-two years of revenue structure, communications equipment was collected, of which $8.285 billion (+22.88%) of digital innovation, 43.37% of the revenue generated, and strategic emerging industries were able to generate real revenue.
In this area, there is a sustained focus on the period of significant transformation in the digitalization of banking institutions, with a deep involvement in the digitalization of domestic banks, particularly the large financial institutions, which have won a number of State-owned banking projects.
In this area, the emphasis is on the deployment of smart terminals, smart cars, ongoing services to vivos, oppos, Great Wall cars, and the United States of America, which are leading industries in many countries and abroad, as well as working with a larger number of new and hard-headed producers, such as voice-controls. We believe that companies’ digital innovation is growing rapidly, and strategic and emerging industries are growing rapidly, with an overall harvest.
The structure of entry is becoming rational and healthy. In a digitally constructed and autonomously controlled economic environment, companies are more likely to continue to develop rapidly in the future.
The overall cost is well regulated and the operating cash flow is impressive. q1 net profit (-36.42%) for 23 years is mainly due to the increase in digital innovation by companies and the growth of a large telecommunications facility.
The combined effect of spring holidays, government subsidies, etc., is the result of sustained investment in both the state and related areas. 22 years, 23q1 realized net operating cash flows of $1,012 million (+56.42 per cent) and $966 million (+22.07 per cent), respectively, with a strong performance of Xiaotao Air Securities Co. Ltd.
Eye. We believe that the company’s Māori rate has declined in the last two years and may be associated with a larger investment in the strategic transition period, and that the rapid growth in the scale of income in emerging industries will improve significantly, step by step. Corporate cost controls are good, operating cash flows are bright, indicating that the company’s future development will be more focused on improving the quality of business.
On the one hand, the company has the honour of “100 leading companies in 2022” and “10 leading companies in 2022.” On the other hand, it has set up a subsidiary, the Hong Kong-Hung-kwan Federation, to join the Security Working Committee of the Open Atom Open Source Foundation.
In open-source Eurola, soft-line power is being released to launch the Open-source Ora version of the enterprise server operating system, and into the Ora community's “opneule” business.
List of distributors. In the area of hardware, the hardware series, based on Tototo and the release of home-grown chips, was the first partner to be based in the Beijing-based artificial intelligence computing centre; in the area of software applications, the soft-powered financial services management platform, the t6cloud curyun, the digital twin basin platform, etc., were all adopted.
At aigc layout, companies work with Microsoft to access gpt-4, build ipsacopilot, and provide knowledge mapping services for digital transformation in multi-industry areas.
Automatic digests, language translations, etc. In the industrial universe, the semantic separation of images of any space scene, the automatic creation of models of architecture, indoors, production lines, and the production of digital assets for 3d space models can be achieved through access to ipsacopilot, thus enabling rapid, efficient and accurate construction of the corporate metacocosystem and enabling intelligence.
In the future, ipsacopilot will continue to tap into other leading models, such as rhetoric, and will continue to be new and improved. We believe that companies are closely engaged in proliferating the ecology of China’s industrial chain, actively following the aigc model to complete the technology application layout, and have great potential to develop in the area of Intel+aigc.
Under the company’s first restricted stock incentive plan (draft), recently released, it is proposed to award a limited stock of not more than 3.5424 million shares, or 0.56% of the company’s total equity.
Approve the annual net profit growth rate (a1), the annual net profit growth rate (a2), the annual net profit cumulative profit growth rate (a2), the annual digital innovation industry operating income (digital innovation) income in 2022 as the annual digital innovation business growth rate (b1), and the annual net profit growth rate (b1), as the basis
In 2022, the business income from digital innovation was used as the base for assessing the annual growth in the cumulative value of business income from digital innovation (b2) and the rate of achievement (b2) for determining the corresponding corporate-level attribution ratio for all incentive targets in each year (x). The performance indicator was as follows: the net profit target value was based on 2022 and the net profit growth rate was not low for 2023-2025, respectively.
One of the strategies to be pursued in the coming years will be to strive for a business-based approach to building digital innovation into new business depths, figure I. Equity incentives for company-level performance appraisals, and we believe that corporate transformation is beginning to bear fruit, strategic and emerging industries are growing rapidly, and the innovation +aigc area has potential for development.
Downstream demand is not as high as expected; technology overlaps are accelerating; and market competition is increasing. Namely, the team has a deeper stock of industrial resources in advanced manufacturing, civil-military integration, new energy sources, new materials, etc., and is good at top-down industrial chain research and resource integration.
If not, it will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. This report is prepared by China Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not about any area, country or other jurisdiction where China Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations or have made Chinese securities subject to laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are only provided to you for reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments or as an invitation to another person.