Gore shares (002241), electronics, profit-end repairs, ai terminal innovation driving a new round of growth, Southwest Securities Institute.
• Incidents: company quarterly reports in 2025, 25q1 achieved operating income of $16.31 billion, a 15.6 per cent decrease in the same year; net return to the mother of $470 million, a 23.5 per cent increase in the same year; performance met expectations and profit levels were continuously repaired. 1) Surprising: corporate q1 business income decreased in the same year
15.6 per cent of the decline in income is due mainly to the fact that the main gamer product in the smart hardware business section enters the life cycle, with a marked decline in sales on the same basis. 2) At the profit end: q1 returns to the mother ' s net profit increased by 23.5 per cent over the year, with a major gain of $1 billion. The company ' s level of profitability is continuously repaired, with an increase of about 12.4 per cent in the q1 Māri rate and 2.1 pp over the same period;
The end-of-the-life exposure is expected to open up the company’s new growth space. The development of the end-of-side ai makes it possible to develop more applications of the smart glasses. After the metarayban landed in April 2024, sales increased significantly, and the fire of the metarayban glasses triggered a number of large plants versus ai.
Glasses are highly concerned. In 2025, or in the year when the big factory was officially involved in the opening of the i-glass market, it is expected that leading producers such as mills, Samsung, Huayuan, Google, Amazons, bytes, Ali, etc. will continue to launch smart glasses products in 2025, and that the big industry will be expected to lead to rapid growth in the smart glasses industry.
As the end-use companies are expected to start a new fast-growing cycle in the future, smart acoustics are expected to warm up, and profit levels are expected to rise further.
In addition, the company’s share of the big customer’s headphone project is gradually recovering, with an overall share expected in 2025.
Continuing upscaling, the recovery in the capacity of large client projects is expected to lead to higher levels of profitability. $5.43 billion. Given the company’s further recovery and deepening of its collaboration with large clients, the company’s strong position in xr and smart glasses cards, the 25h2 company’s multi-purpose smart glasses products are expected to start producing, and the ai terminals are developing.
Gale was founded in 2001 by Kang-bin, a technologist at the former E8 plant, formerly Elyda. The company started its acoustics and then expanded to other areas, such as photovoltaics, cutting up and down the value chain of the farming industry.
Upstream precision pieces, modules, downstream smart hardware completes, building a platform for highly vertically integrated precision processing and intelligent manufacturing, becoming the most developed manufacturer in the country of the "zero components plus machine" layout, and providing clients with vertically integrated product solutions for precision zero components and smart hardware.
The development of the company can be divided into four phases: 1) 2001-2009: the initial build-up period. During this period, the company has developed a deep culture of acoustics, mainly in the production and marketing of audio components and zero components, such as microphones, speakers, etc., and has accumulated deep technical advantages in the field of acoustics.
2) 2010-2015: Accelerating long-term growth. Companies successfully cut into the Apple Cellular Industry, providing them with audio components, wired headphones, and other products, with the acceleration of apple product sales and the company entering a high-speed development period. In 2013, companies began to expand the global landscape by adding large overseas M&As and building plants. 3) 2016-2017: Mode transition.
In addition, the strategic layout of the company is centred on the areas of artificial intelligence: smart clothing, smart audio, robotics, etc.) 2018 to date: optimized product layout. The company's deep-deep industry continues up and down the value chain, forming the "parts plus whole" of the "4+4+n" development strategy at its core.
Optics, microelectronics, and sophisticated structures, the whole machine consists mainly of smart headphones, vr/ar products, smart wearable devices, and smart home products. At this stage, the company cuts into the appletws headphones chain, the vr headlines chain of the meta, takes down the sony mainframe, and the whole-time replacement has become an important pillar of the company’s expansion in recent years.
The company’s first shareholders are Goel Group Limited, which holds 15.9% of the company’s shares: Kang Bin and Kang Long hold 92.6%,
7.4% of the shares. The company actually controls the Kang Bin and Hu Gemmi couple, who hold 23.4% of the company's shares directly or indirectly;
The company’s main business consists of three main components: smart acoustics, smart hardware, and precision zero components, of which smart acoustics and smart hardware are part of the full-time business.
1) Smart acoustic entire machines: The main products include smart wireless headphones, wired/wireless headphones, smartphones, etc. After 2018, benefiting from a rapid increase in demand for tws headphones, the business sector grew from year to year, reaching a peak of 46.2 per cent in 2020, and corporate intelligence in 2022, owing to high growth in smart hardware operations, tws headphones for large clients, cutbacks for company intelligence.
In 2024, the company ' s share of the big customer ' s headphone business was gradually restored, with a marked recovery in related income and Māori rates, leading to a return to 9.5 per cent for the entire smart audio business. In 2024, the company ' s smart sound business earned approximately $26.3 billion, an increase of 8.7 per cent, or 26 per cent.
In 2024, the company's smart hardware business generated revenues of about $57.2 billion, a 2.6 per cent decline in the same year, and its revenue as a percentage of the total.
In the production phase, the mainframe product of the games is about to enter a new iterative cycle, with long-term viewing of the Xr, smart glasses, etc., with long space, corporate smart hardware operations expected to return to the fast-growing path. (3) Fine zero components: the main products include microphones, speaker modules, micromics, sensors, optical
In 2024, the company achieved 15.5 billion yuan, 15.9 per cent more than in the previous year, and the highest Māori rate was 21.5 per cent. The company continued to pursue a “zero-sum” strategy, using the development of the whole business to drive the growth of the zero-component business and an increase in the Māori rate of self-support for the operation of the zero component.
The company has been deployed for years in the field of optical zero components, diversified product matrices, technology routes, and is expected to import more zero-component products into the entire machine in the future as xr and smart glasses are released. After short-term pressure on the company’s performance, the end-of-end innovation is expected to open the company’s new growth curve.
In 2018, there was a short fluctuation in the harvest, mainly due to the lack of demand in the downstream mobile phone market, which benefited from a significant increase in the demand for tws headphones and smart apparel products, an outbreak of demand in 2021 from vr headcount sales, and a peak in Sonyps5's life cycle in 2022, where the company's operating income grew in the engine.
Over the past two years, corporate growth in business income has fluctuated in the short term as large client headphones have been cut off, demand for xr terminals has fallen, and game host products are moving towards the end of their life cycle. In 2024, the company’s performance was largely affected by the decline in mainframe operations.
Of this, the net profits of companies declined significantly in 2018, mainly as a result of the increased competition in the smartphone industry, the decline in the company ' s Māori rate for electrical and acoustic products and the lower than expected profit contribution from the tws headphone operation; and the average increase in the company ' s net return profits in 2019-2021 was 70 per cent as a result of the improved tws headphone rate, product profitability and product structure.
This is due to the weakening of corporate impairments and the gradual restoration of the share of large client headphones projects. 25q1 companies have increased their net profit by more than 23 per cent over the same period, benefiting mainly from the return on foreign exchange derivatives and investment returns on associated enterprises, resulting in a constant recovery of $140 million in corporate profitability and a relatively stable overall cost rate. 1) Profit rate: in recent years, due to the relative Māori ratio
The company's profit level declined in 2023, and reached a low point. After almost two years of adjustment, the big customer (1) smart sound setup: the company's share of the new tws will be released in autumn 2025 or will be further developed.
Upgraded, the overall share is expected to recover gradually to over 40% in the future. With a recovery in the share of big clients' headphones, an increase in capacity utilization, and a change in the ai-led hardware end, we believe that the business plate's Māori ratio is expected to rise gradually.
High-growth posture; game host operations have been reduced by the Ps5 life cycle, and it is expected that, after the replacement of the new aircraft, it will be 2027 3) precision zero components: voice becomes one of the main ways of interfacing with the ai terminal, and the company ' s relevant zero-component products are expected to rise in volume as the demand for the audio parts rises from the ai terminal. We assume that the company ' s precision is zero in 2025-2027.
The cooperation of large clients has been further restored and deepened, the company’s strong position in xr and smartglass cards, the multi-intelligence of 25h2 and eyeglass products is expected to start producing, the ai terminal development is expected to lead to an increase in the value of zero-component operations, and the company’s medium- and long-term growth is expected. On the basis of the company’s advantage in the ar and smart-glass cards, the company’s estimate is based on the volume of Vr products in 2021.
The risk of trade friction escalation; the risk of new projects being imported less than expected; the risk of ai terminal landing and demand being less than expected; the risk of industry competition; and the fact that there has not been, and will not be, direct or indirect compensation for specific recommendations or views in this report.