Gore shares (002241.sz) Resurveillance of profitability, full embrace of the new opportunities of the alot terminal, global flagship of the audio device, fully benefiting the trend of the alot.
Started with microacoustic components, in 2010 the company moved into large North American customers into a period of eruption growth, and in 2015 it proposed a strategy of “precision zero components + smart hardware fixtures” to form three product matrices of sophisticated zero components, smart acoustics and smart hardware products (2024 harvests in each of the company's three main sections).
The s098052108001 ai terminal interactive voice demand drives up the exact acoustic component at full cost.
+2.73 pct; Accurate zero component operations yielding $15.51 billion (yoy+15.85%) and a Māori rate of 21.51% (yoy+1.02 pct). As the endai gradually lands, mobile phones, pc, glasses, toys, soundboxes, and so on, voice input is used as one of the main interactive methods for audio components.
A rapid upscaling drive for some of the company’s sophisticated zero components and smart terminal products to increase their prices. Globalvr, mr, and ar equipment shipments amounted to about 7.6 million units a year, an increase of about 12% over the same year.
Derivatives, i-glasses, have risen to more than 2 million sales in 24 years. The company is fully configured for the new generation of end-products, including acoustic components, assembly, photo-modes, diffraction wave guidance, etc.
In terms of spare parts, companies introduce light-quantified ar-referenced mulan2 with holo-wave lenses and microled light machines in high technical barriers and high-value optical and wave-guiding links, and participate in Connet optical layout mirrors.
Investment advice: For the first time, it is covered, with a rating of “better than the big city.” The company’s deep-seated large-scale clientele will benefit from the development of alot as the voice becomes the core interactive mode of the ai terminal, and the electrophones become rapidly more important.
For the first time, it was rated “better than the big city.” The global electronics tap, a full-blown alot new terminal, was established in June 2001 and placed on the market at the deep end in May 2008 as a global layout.
Science, technology and innovation firms are mainly engaged in the development, manufacture and sale of precision and zero components of acoustic electro-optics and sophisticated structures, smart whole machines, high-end equipment. The Gore vertical deep-farming industry value chain, from upstream precision components, modules, downstream smart hardware, from molds, emulations, surface processing, to high-precision automatic lines, is autonomously designed and made.
Gore created a platform for highly vertically integrated processing and intelligent manufacturing for clients. The company's main business consists of sophisticated zero-component operations, smart acoustics, and smart hardware operations.
The main operations and products include xr optical mirrors, optical imaging modules, microscopic optics, microscopic optical components and three-dimensional visual modules, smart car-related products, etc.
Acoustics: Gol can provide a full range of high-fiscal speakers and acoustic solutions with full hearing. For example, microphones, microphones, mems microphones, etc., can be used on mobile phones, tablets, stereos, microelectronics: in 2004, the company's mems sensor research and development started autonomously developing mems chips, 2017.
Golwe Electronics became a fully independent company. In 2019, it completed the consolidation of microelectronics under the Gol flag, becoming the core subsidiary of Gol's brand focusing on mems (microelectric systems) sensors, sip (system-level encapsulation) and the development and sale of sensor interactive modules.
The products of the company's smart hardware business include home video game accessories, virtual/enhanced reality products, smart enough to wear products and smart sound boxes.
The "odm" and "jdm" models work with industry leading clients, companies have long maintained good partnerships with global technology and consumer electronics leading clients, in microphones, mems acoustic sensors, vr virtual reality products, mr hybrid reality products, smart wireless headphones, smart wearable products, smart home video games.
Figure 2: The company's smart hardware business actually controls Kang Bin (the current president of the company) and Hu Chimmi, and the couple, and it's consistent.
As of the year 2024, Kang Bin, Kang Yong and Hu Gem-mi together held 15.88% of the company's shares directly and 14.56% indirectly through the Gore Group, holding a total of 30.44% of the company's shares.
Facing electronics has recovered, driven by new technologies such as i, i.e., the integration of i technology with smart hardware products, the upgrading of the performance of products such as acoustic sensors in the company's sophisticated zero-component operations, the increase in the value and profitability of products, the consistent increase in sales of top-show products, smart wireless headphones, smart-capable product-related camps.
Both size and profitability have improved. Some of the business earnings of older products with relatively low Māori rates have declined, with a positive impact on the Māori structure of the business as a whole.
In 2023, global consumer electronic demand was weak, and some of the new smart hardware products were less available than expected. In 2024, on the one hand, the integration of the ai with the smart hardware product contributed to an increase in the value of products such as corporate acoustic sensors, and, on the other hand, the company’s efforts to optimize operations, increase profitability and increase profits.
Corporate costs have been stable over the last five years, with the Māori rate declining as a result of changes in product structure. Over the last 10 years, the ratio of Māori business to hardware and smart acoustics has increased, leading to a gradual decline in the overall Māori ratio of the company, which in 2024 benefited from a higher level of profit-making operations, with a significant recovery in profitability and a Māori ratio of 11.09 per cent in the public domain.
The Division continuously optimized its cost-control capacity, with the cost rate falling from 13.73 per cent in 2018 to 2024. Figure 9: Companies' cost rates. Smart audio business: big clients' headphones are expected to create disruptive hardware innovations, boost sales growth, companies
So the share of assembly is also expected to increase. The market demand is expected to grow more clearly, as a portal to the i-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a, and we are expecting a 25-27-year growth in revenues from the company's smart sound-a-a-bone operations, sophisticated zero-a-part operations: as voice becomes a new end-a-a-way mode, demand for electrical components is raised, and companies are expected to increase.
The product is expected to rise in volume terms. We expect an increase in corporate revenue from sophisticated zero components in 25-27 years. Smart hardware business: according to idc, global vr shipments are expected to drop by 12 to 6.5 million over 25 years, while Ps5 is at the end of the product cycle, but xr products with Meta, Mi, Pico are expected to start in 25 years.
Taking into account the company’s business characteristics, we use the relative valuation method to estimate the company’s reasonable value range. Select the enterprises currently involved in the consumption of electronic sound parts and the assembly of related components: sophisticated telecommunications, national light appliances, sonic technology, walkers, savvy intelligence as comparable companies.
Taking into account the company’s vanguard position and the leading layout of the new shape terminals, covering for the first time the risk of “better than the big market” being assessed and price expectations being optimistic, leading to an overestimation of performance over the next three years.The valuation is based on relevant assumptions, in particular the selection of valuation parameters for comparable companies,
Integrating many individual judgements, which leads to the risk of a deviation in the valuation. We've chosen comparative valuation indicators that are close to the company's business, national light appliances, sonics, walkers, savvy intelligence, and we've chosen to compare them with a comparable company's average pe in 2025 as a reference for a relative valuation.
Given the apparent upward trend in corporate governance, the future growth is strong, with the company being valued at 23-26 times the price for 25 years, the risk of trade friction escalation: the company’s exports are sold mainly to countries or regions such as the United States, Japan, and Korea. Since 2018, the United States has imported $34 billion, $16 billion, and $200 billion from China.
The US dollar and US$ 300 billion increase in tariffs on commodities, in response to China’s announcement of a list of countervailing measures to raise tariffs on products. China’s future trade friction with the US and its direct involvement in the major products exported by the company could have a significant negative impact on the company’s performance.
High, and highly competitive markets. While firms have a comparative competitive advantage in terms of technology, R & D, talent, equipment, and customer resources, with the influx of new firms and the continued domestic investment of TNCs, firms face the risk of increased competition in the market.
Without sustained technological and production sophistication, or major adverse changes in market supply and demand, firms will face adverse market competition and long-term growth will be affected. A stronger competitor may affect the market share of firms and put their products in the vanguard.
Risk of price volatility of raw materials: The company ' s main raw materials for current products are fpc circuit boards, master controlic, etc., and the main sources of energy are electricity and natural gas. During the reporting period, the company ' s raw materials and major energy supplies were abundant.
While companies are able to reduce the impact of raw materials, energy price fluctuations on the cost of products, through such measures as upstream and downstream operations in the industrial chain, coordination, the development of relatively flexible procurement strategies and continuous improvement of production processes.
Large fluctuations in procurement prices, such as master-controlled ic, may still have some impact on the performance of the company. Exchange rate risk: the company is exposed to transactional exchange-rate risk.
Receivable management risk: As the business of the company continues to grow, so will the company’s accounts receivable. If there are significant adverse changes in the financial position, business situation, etc. of the company’s customers in the future, the company will be exposed to the risk that the receivables will not be fully recovered in a timely manner; if the company is not correct about the accounts receivable
An effective management of accounts and receipts could put some pressure on the company’s operating capital and have a negative impact on the company’s performance. The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author