On November 15th, 2019, research assistant Kim Hak,
Over 11 years, the company has been able to re-assemble its assets, swipe the poultry industry, stripping it of non-principal optimization. The strategic layout has since become clear, implementing the integrated agricultural and pastoral food industry chain, which provides “forage, pig-breeding, meat-powdering, good food,
Out of the deep ocean.” The equity incentive scheme was launched in May 19 with a four-year performance assessment target (per feed sales, 25 million live pigs, long-term target).
The “corporate + farmer” model, with a three-tier focus on production units, matching industry resources, professionals, and building industrial closure from farm to consumer ends, has the greatest cost, efficiency, and control advantages. On the other hand, companies have the financial power, cash is good, and asset liabilities are low.
In addition, the company is well equipped with a pool of talent to support more than 12 million producers. For the first time in 22 years, 25 million pigs are being bought out.
Forage: The foundation stone business is robust and has a strong leadership position. The company has maintained a market for many years in the field of feed first, 17.4 million tons of feed sold in 18 years, 64 per cent (26 per cent) of poultry/pig/water production, and first in the country, pigs, aquatic and antiseptic materials are listed as the country's tri-a, with target for 22 years.
By category: 1) poultry, which benefits from a gap in the supply of pork, and by which the internal organizational structure is optimized, product orientation is refined, efficiency is improved, and faster growth is maintained; 2) pigpits, which have been affected by the epidemic since 19 years, have declined, and 20 years of marginal improvement have led to pigpentry.
Rehabilitation, long-term synergy with the expansion of farming operations; 3) Aquaculture, refilling of zit water shortboards, continuous upgrading of product structure and further optimization of feed production capacity; integration of the poultry meat industry chain to open up food extension terminals.
First parent for duck seedlings, second commodity for chicken seedlings and duckling suppliers; 18 years for commodity breeds of about 260 million; first in the white meat industry, about 6 per cent of the market share for white feather chickens and about 15 per cent of the market share for white ducks; and about 800 million per year for poultry slaughter and about 2 million tons of poultry meat.
Sales are ranked first. The traditional model of the wholesale market, which used to absorb slaughtering energy into low value-added products, has been promoting a strategic shift from "frozen to fresh, ripe, trade-to-end" since 14 years, expanding through product structural upgrading, optimized channels, investment mergers and acquisitions.
High-value-added food plates. Rapid growth in corporate pig farming into a competitively competitive head business, a robust feeder industry, folding of the poultry industry chain and the multi-dimensional layout of the food plate, first coverage, “buy-in” rating!
With a clear layout of the polygon, equity incentives to promote long-term growth 1.1.6 and inject into the poultry industry chain, stripping off the non-principal industry to optimize the new and former Sichuan Hope agriculture, in late 1998 to market, in 2005 to control East and East Shan, and in 11 years.
Reorganization of major assets: 1) Exchange of 100% share in the new milk industry for 92.75% of the new stock of the new hopes of the South; 2) Distribution of 900 million shares for the purchase of six shares and 100% of the group ' s shares at a cost of $5.27 billion.
The purchase of agricultural assets is accompanied by the divestment of real estate and lost dairy assets, and the restructuring of the new hopes includes the three original agricultural assets of the Hope Farmers, the Six and the Group and the listed companies, which are better textures.
In addition, in 2006, the company acquired the exclusive producer of pork and pork food for the Olympic Games, a group of kryptonite cranes: in 16 years, it acquired 70% of the share in the kosher farm, and in the northwest pig farm market, it planned to invest $8.8 billion in the development of 10 million pigs in the form of “company + family farms.” The company’s strategic layout is becoming clear, opening up to the various sectors, and carrying out agro-pastoral food.
The industrial integration chain, “Big feed, big pigs, fine meat, good food, deep sea.” Figure 1: New hope development course 1.2. Relying on group advantage, equity incentives for development are evident
The Group’s configuration over the years has demonstrated a very high degree of hands-on management and capital capacity. The New Hope Group now has more than 600 molecular companies in more than 30 countries and territories around the world, with assets of close to 200 billion yuan, and is dominated by modern agricultural and food industries, such as estate travel, health care, and financial investment.
For example, in 1996, the New Hopes Group initiated the establishment of the Democratic People’s Bank as the first major shareholder, Liu Young has been Vice-Chairman of the Bank for many years and currently has a new six and 4.18% share, and the South wants to hold a 0.23% share, totalling 4.41%. Relying on the New Hope Group, listed companies have excellent capital, while the Bank’s steady investment returns are growing every year.
In May 2019, the company launched the Equity Incentive Scheme: 24 core people, including the CEO, the Vice-President, were given restricted shares of 3.6 million shares and stock options of 8.4 million shares, improved long-term incentives and set a four-year performance test.
Nuclear targets (combined annual income and profit growth of no less than 15 per cent), promotion of multi-plate layout through deep binding of core executive interests, development of new opportunities through the super-pig cycle, with a new hope of focusing on feed business (about 57 per cent for 18 years), market as the feed industry matures
The growth rate has slowed and the company’s internal restructuring has slowed down in recent years, and the overall income has fallen. After 16 years, the farm landscape has recovered, but the cycle of farming has fluctuated significantly, with a gradual increase in the share of Māori in higher farming operations (18 years of revenue from the poultry/pig chain ready to mention the loss in the preparation period for pig farming).
In August 18, the outbreak of the African pigpest, with a 38.9 per cent/2.8 per cent decline by September 19 in the same ratio/ring ratio, brought valuable development opportunities: 1) The bio-pill industry will concentrate on large-scale head businesses, with new hopes that the cost, efficiency, anti-control advantages of borrowing model innovations will add to the financial strength to achieve rapid expansion; 2) the supply of pork.
The gap has led to the replacement of poultry consumption, and poultry farming has ushered in a booming cycle; (3) the feeder industry, as a post-cycle species, will also grow in tandem with pig farming and poultry farming; and (4) the enhanced food plate layout will further extend the high-addition end to complete full industrial chain layout.
Plantation of pigs: Innovative models combined with financial advantages, rapid expansion of slabs, and introduction of a supply of high-quality farmed pigs from abroad.
1) Sichuan River Oil: Co-signed in April 2006 with Heipol, Canada, one of the world ' s largest pig-planting companies, a joint venture was the first in the country to fully introduce a breeding system and maintain a cosmopolitan pig farm that is synchronized with foreign breeding.
With 23 million dollars, officially launched in February 08, the breeding core group has reached 1,200; the Piggy Station, a 2,500-year-old farm and three 5,000-year-old parents' surrogates have been formed and have been officially launched in June of 14 years, with the introduction of the international leader Pic pig species.
3) Xiaoxi Yang Ling: 70% of the share in the kosher farm was acquired at the end of 16th year with $616 million. In collaboration with the second-largest pig farmer, Pipestone, she received a full range of technical services for pig breeding and a joint venture with Pic, the world’s largest modern pig breeder, built a breeding ground for the oldest and largest single-body mothers and pigs.
As of October 1919, the company had 300,000 pigs, of which 5,000 were planted in the great family, 95,000 in the great family, 200,000 in the father’s family, and more than 400,000 were expected to grow at the end of the year.
The innovation of the clustering of “companys + farmers” model, the cost, efficiency and control advantages of which is reflected in the company's production model, which is dominated by the clustering of “companys + farmers”, currently accounts for more than 90 per cent and self-reliance for less than 10 per cent.
Automation, intensive production, and the business model of “company +-scale farmers” are currently the largest centralized pig-breeding system in the country. The convergence model can bring together three dimensions: 1) focus on production units, with several large pig farms and several small farms in the region.
There is a pool of professionals in the region, and there are a large number of specialists in production, veterinary medicine, breeding, nutrition, food processing, etc.
By integrating the resources of the pig-producing industry chain, gathering in areas of comparative advantage and developing a 30-5 million-km farm-farming system within a radius of 50 km, the efficiency of industrial resource matching can be maximized and the model of “Corporate + Farm Household” can be achieved from farm to consumption.
With the innovation of the fusion model, the company ' s cost, efficiency, and control advantages are reflected in: 1) the cost of farming, which is monitored in a timely manner through data tracking, timely correction, multi-stage feeding and effective cost reduction.
The cost of in-house pig fertility is $12/kg (including 0.4-0.5 for feed, less for deductions), and the average for the leading industry is $13/kg. The full cost rose to $13.24/kg in the first half of 19 as a result of extra-supplier pigs and increased inputs to African pigpest control, of which $12.98/kg is still below industry levels.
2) In terms of production efficiency, prior to the effects of the African pigpest, the company averaged 26.3 per cent, of which the Xiazu Psy target reached 30.7 per cent, one of the highest levels in the country, exceeding the European average, mainly thanks to (a) the company ' s development of a pic, Hippoll dual-planted pig structure with a high-quality stock of pigs; and (b) the adoption of the most advanced at the international level.
Procreation techniques, including multi-dimensional combination algorithms, dynamic core group management techniques and fully automated pig-planting techniques, and in collaboration with breeding specialists at national and international universities, continuously optimize algorithms and increase fertility; 3) Xiajin pig farm environment and facilities are good and the temperature is good. Psy, affected by the pigpest, dropped in 19 years, with an average value of more than 25, with the highest summer nutrients.
The pig farm can reach 28.2. In addition, the new model allows for the control of 10,000 pigs per capita, saves human costs and improves productivity. 3) In the area of disease control, the concentration of the core is expanded to ensure the safety of pigs and the efficiency of pig seedlings.
Production: 75% of “companys + farmers” have a “seven unified” (pighouse standards, pig seedlings, feed, service guidance, veterinary medicine, vaccines, fur pig recycling), plus 25% of self-fertilization, which strictly controls the farming chain; with downstream slaughterhouses, industrial closures, risk reduction and strong controls. In the context of the African pigpest, the company’s concentration model is the same.
There are significant advantages in disease prevention and control. 2.3. Financial power supports rapid expansion of productive capacity.
Households dominate, accounting for about half of the small households below 500 in 2016. And as each cycle is good, poor, with a limited capacity of dispersed households, and the cycle accelerates the elimination of poor quality production, adding up to recent years' environmental policies, increases the amount of equipment inputs, and larger-scale farming is a trend that benefits large firms with capital advantages.
According to the expansion of the productive capacity of companies, the “company + farm households” have invested about $1,000, self-sustaining capital investment, and the company has the financial advantage and the financial power to achieve a rapid expansion of scale. 1) The cash available as of 19H1 is $3.73 billion, while operating cash flows have remained at around $3 billion over the last four years and are fully funded. 2) The asset-liability ratio is sustained over the long term.
Between 30 and 50 per cent of districts, below the industry average of about 10 pct, there is greater financial leverage available. 3) By the first half of 19 years, companies had a combined letter award of more than $49 billion globally, with a 28 per cent credit ratio, and an average financial requirement to support the development of the pig industry.
In addition to the financial reserves, the company has a pool of personnel, and the Ministry of Pig Raising has formed a professional system management team on the five main lines of finance, production, veterinary, nutrition, and feeding. The stock has now been completed, with some 8,000 new recruits, to support a total of more than 20 million producers.
In terms of the expansion of total production capacity, the company developed a strong pig-breeding capacity at the end of 15th year, and launched a strategic plan for pig-breeding operations for 16 years, with an investment of $8.8 billion, and 10 million live pigs developed in the form of “company-plus family farms” over a period of three to five years, covering 20 million live pigs in the form of “technical hosting and technical services”. As of 19H1, it had a capacity of 4.8 million and was building capacity.
In 22 years, 25 million pigs were imported, and the ratio of self-support to surrogates was further reduced. According to the production pattern, 40% of the fat pig of 18 months ago, 15% in Sichuan, 8% in Sakakawa, 5% in Hebei, Hunan, Guangdong, Guangxi, Hainan, etc.
The focus should be on: 1) Liaoning, Hebei, Shandong, Jiangsu, 4 provinces along the eastern coast: 2) Guangdong and Guangxi, covering the Pearl Triangle; 3) Sichuan and Shaanxi, covering the south-west region.
3.1. Large-scale effects + structural optimization + service upgrading, stifling of the city's rivers The feed industry has entered a mature stage in recent years, with total production declining for the first time in 2013 and growing at a low rate thereafter. Given the pattern of competition in the industry, the number of small feed companies has declined sharply, the number of large and medium-sized enterprises has grown rapidly, and the capacity of the production has been consolidated.
It is hoped that the market share will be maintained for many years in the field of feed, with 17.4 million tons of feed sold in 18 years, 64 per cent (26 per cent) of poultry/pigs/aquatic materials, and the number of meat, egg and poultry materials in the country, as well as pig, aquatic and anti-sortium materials in the country, with a target of 25 million tons sold in 22 years.
Figure 10: Total production in the feed industry in recent years Figure 11: Changes in the number of feed businesses (households)
During the first half of the year, the raw materials procurement system was optimized, with strategic collaboration with a number of suppliers of good domestic and foreign raw materials, such as Chinese food, Chinese grain storage, Gilling wine industry, e.g., Kaji, Bunky, Jaehai, Dae-sung, etc.: active supply chain financing to optimize procurement and related financial costs. In addition, the company has established the largest worldwide database on feed nutrition and raw materials.
A number of suppliers of raw materials, both internally and externally, work closely together to develop optimal nutrition and cost combinations in time to reduce the price volatility of raw materials. 2) Optimize single-plant sales and improve production efficiency: promote standardized and streamlined production, with average production costs falling by 4 per cent per year and 4.4 per cent per year for feed for 18 years and 19h1 per year; upgrade and upgrade old plants and build new large-scale energy plants.
Product innovation to capture high-māori-type sub-elements. Companies build up research and development, product structure is further optimized, and the increase in high-māori water production is ahead of the increase in pig feed, while 18 years of bio-environmental feed sales have passed by 1 million tons.
In the case of poultry, for example, at the end of 18, the “Yun-fowl” system covered over-farmers.
More than 10,000 households, covering more than 700 million commercial chickens and ducks. By providing diversified and high-quality services, more than 10 million tons of surplus market areas, such as Guangdong, Shandong, etc., are actively seized.
On the supply side, the intake has continued to be low in recent years, and the industry has been in a tight position. As a result of past incompetence, which has led to a steady increase in production capacity, a serious imbalance in production and sales, the White Feather Chicken Alliance was formed in 2014 and a reduction consensus was reached, while the domestic intake has declined further since 15 years, as a result of the avian influenza outbreak in Europe and the United States, and for the fourth consecutive year of 15-18, the intake was below the normal demand of 800,000 units (in line with the usual demand).
An ancestral set of chickens is calculated for 5,000 commercial chickens, with an annual consumption of 4 billion white feather chickens.
It takes 60 weeks (including 6 weeks of childbearing) from ancestral chickens to the first batch of commodities, with an expansion factor of 1:5,000 at the end of the demand, with a shortfall of 10 million tons of pork supply leading to a strong replacement for poultry consumption. Under the influence of the African pigpest, the national production of 24.7 million tons of pork fell by 5.5% in the first half of the year, corresponding to a 30% reduction in production in the second half of the year.
19.53 million tons, with an estimated total of 4.42 million tons of pork produced in 19 years, representing a supply gap of nearly 10 million tons compared to 54.4 million tons in 18 years, partly to be absorbed by imported meat and poultry consumption. For imported meat, 1,326 million tons of pork were imported in the first three quarters of 19 years, an increase of 43.6 per cent. Imports are expected to exceed 2 million tons by the year as compared to 18 years.
With an increase of 1.19 million tons by about 900,000 tons. There is still a shortfall of nearly 9 million tons in supply and demand, less imported meat, and one third of this is expected to be transferred to alternative consumption of poultry meat, and poultry farming is expected to take on a booming cycle.
White feather chicken prices are also rising. As this cycle becomes more degenerative, there will be no drop in the supply of pork next year, and the overall farm production is expected to grow by about 15% in 19-20 years, leading to a rise in poultry sales.
By the end of 18th year, the company adjusted its organizational structure to include poultry, mainly marketed for export, in feed, and integrated for poultry, in order to achieve a more precise product orientation and more efficient operations, with tons of tons increasing by 20.4 per cent and an increase well ahead of the industry ' s growth rate of about 11.9 per cent.
3.3. Pigs: In collaboration with farming operations, optimized product structure. In general, the Māori rate for poultry is about 6 per cent, while the Māori rate for pork is about 10 per cent, and the profitability is better than that of highly standardized poultry. Pigs have been the main direction in recent years in optimizing the structure of the company ' s feed business products.
With 4.4 million tons equal to 8 per cent and 26 per cent of sales, the front end of high-tech and profitable supplies was comparable to the August 18 outbreak in Africa. According to data from the Ministry of Agriculture, as of September 19 400 monitoring districts had a similar decline of 38.9 per cent/ring 2.8 per cent, with the same decline of 41.1 per cent/ring down 3.0 per cent and output depth leading to a total decomposition.
In the first half of 1919, the outbreak affected the growth of pigpest, but the demand for feed for immunization, disease resistance, services, etc. was a significant increase in the use of products. Data show that in the first half of 1919, the company sold 1.96 million tons of pig food, a decline in comparison.
The reason behind this is (a) aggressive bio-safety, dedicated funding, upgrading of people's cars in pigs factories, testing of raw materials, production equipment, information systems, etc., strengthening of the process, strict disinfection, strict regulation of the temperature of 85°C three minutes, and improvement of the safety properties of pigs.
Farming households and sites severely affected by the epidemic, relying on safe products, anti-control technical services, and the introduction of external banks, insurance, financial services, etc., to help farmers to match pig vendors or slaughterhouses, while strengthening the development of strategic large-scale clients, adding nearly 2,000 new pig farms, with the direct sale of pig farms increasing to about 40%.
Rapid expansion will also lead to greater synergy in the pig-food business. 3.4. Aquatic materials: capture of special aquatic materials by track, and upgrading of the structure of farmed species. 16 years of traditional fish, mackerel, mackerel, carp, mackerel, etc.
By contrast, special water products, such as bass, big yellow fish, stone, speckfish, yellow mackerel, have been favoured by consumers and have been growing rapidly in recent years because of their higher nutritional value. With 3% annual cagr, which is more than 1% faster than aqueous feed, the trend towards rising consumption in the future will further open up niche markets.
Figure 19: Production of various types of water products increases, zit water shortboards are filled, and feed production is further optimized. 16 new aquaculture production lines were built up in early 1900, and investment in aquaculture research and development bases was increased, and special water nutrients, such as crayfish, California bass, yellowfish, etc., were launched in South America.
The company sold 440,000 tons of water products in the first half of 19th year, a 15.8 per cent increase, with the same 99.6 per cent increase in sales of special aquaculture products such as functional aquaculture and shrimp, and crabs, which led to a significant national increase of 4.4 per cent in aquaculture.
4.1. Poultry: Grown-up slaughter is integrated and fully integrated, and companies often use “fowl feed” as a result of the high scale, short cycle, clear pattern and maturity of poultry farming, coupled with the large number of single batches of farming, which usually have to be accompanied by large-scale industrial slaughter.
The company’s white feather poultry business includes white feather chickens, poultry breeding by ducks, commercial farming, and slaughtering.
The company, in cooperation with the Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences, carefully selected and marketed “Chinese and new” Peking ducks in April 2019. Due to the excess supply of poultry and the volatility of profits, the company reduced its small size and its external sales to feed itself.
The total number of commodity-based farms is more than 800 million, the white feather poultry industry is number one, the chicken is about 6% market share, the white duck is about 15% market share. Chicken, duck products (tonnes)
4.2. Foodstuffs: Extension of high-value-added terminals. The company has been promoting poultry slaughter since 14 years as a result of its high sales of slaughter products and its long-standing reliance on traditional models of wholesale markets that absorb large-yielding energy, but where wholesale models have low value added and do not favour the upgrading of brand image
Innerly: 1) product structure is upgraded from deep processing of meat with raw meat as its final product, to high value added, or even prefabricated vegetable production, from sale of frozen products to sale of cold meat; 2) channels are optimized and transmitted
The overall multi-level wholesale distribution channels have shifted to the food processing industry, supermarket chains, chains of restaurants, etc., to direct supply channels for large customers, raising the ratio of non-branch to non-merger, increasing the ratio from 46% to 51% for fresh pork, from 27% to 35% for pork products and from 51% to 56% for poultry meat products.
At the same time, since 2016, investment in deep-food processing has been increased, and efforts have been made to optimize the product structure and channel structure through long-term equity investments, the acquisition of the central kitchen assets in Beijing and the launching of a joint meat company project with the Coptic Group in France.
At a faster rate of growth, pig-pesting has declined over 19 years; 20 years of marginal improvement has led to pig-powder recovery; the water-receiving product structure has been upgraded; 3) the poultry industry chain has been steadily increasing, and the profitability of the integrated layout has been enhanced: 4) the food plate, the coded high-value-added terminal layout, the continuous extension of the industrial chain has contributed less to short-term income but is open in the long term
In terms of valuation, a segment valuation method is used: 1) pig-breeding plates with a market value of 85.5 billion on the basis of a 20-year profit of 10.7 billion per cent; 2) feed plates with a market value of 19.6 billion on the basis of a 20-year profit of 13 billion per cent; 3) poultry industry chains with a market value of 13.9 billion on the basis of a 20-year profit of 1.4 billion per cent; and 4) food plates.
The subsidiary New Hope Investment Ltd. holds an equity interest of 4.1759%, recognizes the return on investment according to the equity method, develops well, folds the chain of poultry industry and the multi-dimensional layout of the food plate, covers it for the first time, giving a "buy-in" rating! Pig price volatility: prices of pigs in the country affected by the African pigpest are on the way to rising prices, but there is still uncertainty about the price volatility of pigs.
If prices do not rise as much as they are expected to lead to a decline in the growth of pig-breeding plate operations. In all cases, 25 million in 22), this can affect the profitability of pig-breeding plate elasticities.
Epidemics, such as pigpest, will also affect livestock stocks, thereby impacting feed sales. Price fluctuations in raw materials: price changes such as large raw material bean, fish powder, maize, vegetables will have a direct impact on feed production, while raw material such as soybean, fish flour, etc., will be closely linked to international market price trends, and international trade factors will result in them being created.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board