The cloud business is growing at a remarkable rate.
The growth of traditional operations has been robust, the growth of government/emerging market operations has been significant, and value operations have been significant: from \triangleright to \triangleright, a net-scale industry leader with a combined family client arpu of $43.3/house/month (year-on-year + 0.7 per cent);
The profits distributed in cash during the year were raised to more than 70 per cent of the profits due to the shareholders of the company in that year.
The digital transformation development record is impressive, cloud operations are growing significantly, and artificial intelligence is accelerating: in the first half of 2023 \triangleright, digital transformation revenue contributed 84.1 per cent to income growth in the main business, building core corporate growth
Engines. Disc income grew by 24.9% over the year, especially cloud operations that continued to grow at a high rate, moving clouds from last year to 42,221 million yuan (+80.5% over the same year), laas' share of income ranked Top3, with its own laas+paas rising by 100%. On artificial intelligence, China's movement created a “nine days” with the characteristics of the operator.
1. China ' s move (600941.sh) is reported in 2022 as an artificial intelligence platform that builds the capacity of industry-level intelligent services from algorithms, platforms, capabilities to scale applications. Capital expenditure is about to enter the bottom line and the quality of operations is expected to be maintained.
There are more than 830 applications in 27 fields, both internally and externally. This year, the nine-day GMA model and the nine-day customer service are being launched, and the 2023/03/25 model is being upgraded to focus on intellectualization and integration of the industries.
Continuous consolidation of the digital base and active creation of the “counting poles”: the company continues to optimize the “4+n+31+x”9 \triangleright power-to-collaborative ladder sub-alternate, with data centre capacity covering all of the country's “East-West” nodes, available externally
China ' s move (600941.sh) was reported in mid-2022: 478,000 idc racks, a net increase of 11,000, a cumulative increase of 804,000 computing power servers, a net increase of more than 91,000 units, and a net increase of 9.4-eflops.
On the ground, a system of “3+2+1” 10 computing end-products has been introduced, targeting the political and business markets, and promoting the development of the East and West accounting system, evaluating: the improvements in net-fixing operations, high-speed growth of dict operations, network services, intelligence services, numeracy and networking of computing products.
2022/04/22 \triangleright 5. Annual Report 2021 on China ' s Movement (600941.sh)
Queries: Deepening digital transformation, comprehensive business development in Chbn
\triangleright's methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, presents the report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.