The company was listed in 2007 as the world's leading super-larger company.
Integrated Construction Group. As of 202203, the company had a new contract of 1983.1 billion yuan, an increase of 35.2 per cent; the Construction Operations Branch was leading the industry, with a variety of related operations such as hydropower, finance and trade.
Industry: “Stable Growth” with clear objectives, with new and old capital building going hand-in-hand. 1) Specialized debt pre-eminence, base space still: Railways currently have significantly lower rail mileage per capita than other developed economies, 52 weeks of road maximum/minimum price
The investment base is large and stable, and rail construction needs are high; 3) electricity, water investment plus, related to high demand: new energy investment plus, projected to create an equity engineering market on average every year of wind and wind power generation.
Some 86.5 per cent of the higher Māori share of municipal operations, while the lower Māori sector, the “second curve” business, with a newly signed contract of $27.663 billion, accounts for 15.8 per cent of the new capital business, promotes development: the company is based on sound business practices and continues to deepen public enterprise reform and stimulates the business dynamism of the group.
Outlook: The capital head effect has increased and international engineering has recovered over time. 1) The concentration of construction firms has risen rapidly, and the benefits of medium iron as the capital leader are more certain. 2022q388 architectural firms have increased their new contracts at a significantly higher rate than the overall market, with the company ' s new contracts in the last three quarters accounting for 8.5%, after China.
(ii) The “one-way” market is wide, and international engineering recovery can be sustained. 2022q3’s valuation and investment proposals for new signatures outside the country: capital leaders, business volume rises and, in the context of “stable growth”, capital + emerging business water engineering increases are expected to grow over time. The company is expected to return to its mother’s net profit in 2022-2024.
Risks; peer competition risks; profit forecasting and valuation risks.
China has a 100-year history of iron and steel. China’s Iron and Steel Company Ltd. (known as “China Iron and Iron”), decoupled from the Ministry of Railways to a central enterprise, was listed in 2007 in a stock code of 601390.hk and in a stock code of 0390.hk, respectively, converted to State-owned sole ownership in 2017.
China Iron is one of the eight largest construction companies in the world. The shareholders in the company are China Railway Engineering Group Limited, which holds 46.98% of the shares, and effectively controls the State Treasury Committee of the State Council. The company is one of the most powerful and large-scale conglomerates in China and the world, the wealth of 2022.
Strong Enterprises is ranked 33rd, China 500th, and Enr is ranked 2nd.
The size, efficiency and quality of the company ' s operations have grown on the new steps. By the third quarter of 2022, the company had achieved 73.8 per cent of new signatures, 0.6 percentage points less than during the same period last year, and its financial structure was gradually optimized.
Corporate operations are moving towards vertical “building sector integration” and horizontal “masterships are prominent and related diversity.” The company infrastructure service is leading the industry, accounting for 86.5 per cent of revenues in the first half of 2022, with municipalities, special estates, financial trade, hydropower, etc.
After many years of development, there is a strong upstream/downstream relationship between the company’s business blocks. From upstream, infrastructure investment, mineral resource development, real estate development have led to survey design, capital construction; from downstream, industrial manufacturing has provided construction equipment such as bridges, shields, etc. for capital construction, and turnovers, bridge steel structures.
The objective of the industry is to “stable growth” and to build together the old and new infrastructure.
In January-November 2022, the country experienced a 19.6% increase in production and supply, and 11.6% in water, environment and public facilities management.
Transport, warehousing, and postal services grew by 7.8%, well above the overall growth in capital investment completion. Capital investment has increased rapidly since the introduction of “stable growth” and “upfront infrastructure” at the end of 2021, sustaining a steady increase in fixed assets investment in the face of a rapid decline in real estate investment.
Figure 9: Capital asset investment completion versus gdp growth rate (in %) Figure 10: Capital asset investment completion scores make up the same cumulative ratio (in %)
1% long, and evidencing fiscal resources became the main source of capital investment. The fiscal debt became the key instrument for financing funds within the budget, as a result of the policy of tax cuts and the low land market, with average public revenue in the country in January-November being equal to 3%, and revenue from government funds being equal to 21.5% in January-November.
Figure 12: Total accumulated funds in the State budget in fixed asset investment (in %) was clearly pre-issued in 2022. The total amount of additional local earmarked debt was 3.65 trillion yuan for the year 2022, plus the additional $500 billion earmarked debt balance limit deployed by the State Council in September, with $4.15 trillion in total.
Space. The 2022 special debt issue was clearly ahead of schedule, with a cumulative $3.92 trillion in the first half of the year, a net increase of 3.41 trillion yuan, and 94.2 per cent of the target for the first half of the year. As of 15 November, the cumulative $4.00 trillion was released, with earmarked funds contributing to the acceleration of the start of major projects.
The pace shows that the peak of the special-purpose debt issue in August-November 2021 reached a start in February-March 2022. In June 2022, the special-purpose debt was released at $1.49 trillion a month, followed by an increase in investment in the construction project in July-September and a recovery in the construction industry. In January-September 2022, the construction industry completed 20.6 trillion yuan, a similar increase.
7.8 per cent long, with a 9.0 per cent decline over the same period in the construction sector, with a further increase of 38.0 per cent in the real estate sector and 6.8 per cent in the construction sector, reflected in the low real estate sector, where capital and public construction support the construction industry and the industry has returned to a more favourable climate.
Figure 16: Construction sector output, rate of growth of new start-ups per year (in %) Looking ahead, infrastructure remains an important player in countercyclical regulation, with strong government investment willingness. In a recurrent epidemic and a depressed global economy, the recovery in consumption and exports requires both demand-side restoration and confidence.
Repairs are difficult to achieve in the short term. In contrast, a large proportion of the demand for investment (especially capital investment) comes from government and state-owned enterprises, which are less sensitive to profits and often tend to be counter-cyclically regulated by the government, with a smoother transmission of stimulus policies at the investment end.
In March 2022, the government’s report again proposed to set up a local government bond of $3.65 trillion to support infrastructure projects. It is clear from the policy statement that the government’s willingness to invest is stronger than that of the government.
Over the past few years, there has been a marked increase in financial support for capital investment. Investment in the transport sector has continued to increase, with one track of space remaining on both sides of the road during the “145” period, with an increase of 19,000 kilometres in railway operations planned (of which the high-speed railways have increased their mileage).
With 12,000 kilometres plus), the road access plan increases by 302,000 kilometres (with an increase in mileage for the construction of highways plus 29,000 kilometres) and the urban orbital transport operation plan increases by 3,400 kilometres; by 2035, the total size of the national physical network of integrated 3-way transport networks totals about 700,000 kilometres, of which rail/road/high-class channels are divided.
The rate of completion of fixed assets investment in the transport sector has slowed but remained high, with rails, roads, urban tracks growing in scale and duration. In 2021, the country invested 3.6 trillion yuan in fixed transport assets, an increase of about 4 per cent compared to the previous year.
Roads, urban orbital traffic: Current investment in railways has slowed, but per capita rail miles are insufficient and construction space is still in place. In 2021, national railways completed investment in fixed assets of $748.9 billion, a fall of 4.2 per cent compared to the previous year, a decrease of 1.6 pct; and new production.
Lines of 4208 km, including high irons of 2,168 km, and national railways of 150,000 km by the end of 2021 (of which over 40,000 km are high). Owing to China ' s large population, per capita rail miles are still insufficient, there is a relative shortage of capacity, and China maintains 1.04 km of railways per 10,000 inhabitants, significantly lower than in other advanced economies.
The investment base in the road sector is large and stable. In 2021, the national road construction investment amounted to 25,99.5 billion yuan, roughly the same as last year. By the end of 2021, the country had a mileage of 5.281 million kilometres. The trend in road construction since 2000 shows that 2005 was the fastest-growing year for roads since 2004.
18,711,000 kilometres have grown to 33,345,000 kilometres, an increase of about 80 per cent over the same period. Since then, our road has grown flatly. Figure 23: Road mileage and acceleration (in thousands of kilometres)
Municipal investment has continued to grow and there is a greater need for rail construction. In 2021, capital investment in municipal construction was completed at $23,377,000 million, an increase of 4.9 per cent over the previous year.
kilometre, of which 7253.7 kilometres, or 78.9 per cent, of the metro, electricity, water investment and related needs are multiplied, new energy investment is multiplied, and policy direction is highly definite. According to the National Energy Agency, in 2021, the national power industry was involved in electricity generation.
The sum of investment in electricity, electricity and nuclear power is 39.7%, less than 40% for the second consecutive year, and the total share of investment in wind and light generation is 60.3%, with a rapid increase in the size and utilization of new energy generators. According to the Global Energy Internet Development Cooperation Group, the rate of utilization continues to rise.
The 14-year period is projected to be 254.5 gw and 256.9gw for wind power and light voltage, respectively, with a combined build-up rate of 13.8 per cent and 16.7 per cent respectively, while the 14-year period was marked by a time structure and 251 hours for storage power sources and 244 hours and 515 hours for wind and photovoltaic annual utilization, respectively.
Figure 26: Projection of the size of new installed units by type of power generation during the “145” period (unit: gw) Projected the average annual size of the “145” wind-fire construction project market 17.38 billion yuan. Based on data on the structure of the cost of the keco sun-fired net and the Arctic star network, it is assumed that the concentration of photovoltaics, distributed photovoltaics, on-shore wind power, at sea
Wind and power construction costs are 19%, 30%, 15%, and 40%, respectively. During the 14-year period, wind and light investments were measured at close to $4 trillion, of which the market for related construction works would cumulatively reach $868.7 billion, and the average annual market for construction works would reach $17.38 billion. During the 14-year period, the concentration of photovoltaics/distributed photovoltaics/
The size of the construction and construction market for land wind/sea wind power is 2223/21330/2467/188.8 million yuan, while the new energy supply pressure continues to increase and the potential for pumping capacity is sufficient. The national grid predicts that by 2035 the size of the wind/light loader will reach 765 million kw and the maximum capacity will fluctuate by 156/416 million kw, far exceeding that.
Current power-resilient capacity continues to increase. The two-way upswing of pumping capacity is the main force of current storage capacity. By the end of 2021, the capacity of pumping water reservoirs at 3.639 million kw had been built nationwide, an increase of 15.6%. According to the National Energy Agency's Medium- and Long-term Development Plan for Pumping Energy (2021-2035), "145"
During this period, the amount of investment in pumping storage power plants was about 900 billion yuan, starting with 180gw, with a total of 62gw in 2025. Figure 30: China ' s cumulative loader capacity and speed (gw, %) Investment in water engineering is an important link in the steady growth of the infrastructure.
The country ' s investment in the completion of water construction increased from $232 billion in 2010 to $757.6 billion in 2021, with $800 billion in the completion of water construction, reaching $1 trillion. As a matter of fact, by the end of November, the country had invested $10.85 billion in water construction in 2022, an increase of 33 per cent over the previous year.
According to Vice-Minister Wei Sang-hyun at the State Council’s policy briefing on April 8, major water projects can generate a 0.15 percentage point increase in gdp for every $100 billion invested, with an additional 490,000 jobs.
In 22 years of completion, water projects have increased by at least 1.5 percentage points, and new jobs have been created. In terms of policy, water policy needs are clearly defined. In the 14th Five-Year Plan, many references have been made to the strengthening of water-related construction; the Ministry of Water Affairs has issued guidance on the implementation of major projects in the national water network.
A number of major water diversion and priority water projects with an additional capacity of 29 billion cubic metres; 150 major water projects, including 56 flood mitigation projects, 5 projects, and smart water projects, with a total investment of 129 trillion yuan, were officially identified by the State Council Standing Committee in 2020 and are expected to generate indirect investments of about 6.6 yuan by 2022.
At the end of 2021, 150 major water projects were approved for 67 projects, with a cumulative total of 62 projects.
More than 50%, with 32 special stages for road works, 19 special stages for construction works, 10 special stages for municipal public works and 1 special level for port and channel construction. According to the company ' s annual report, the company ' s share in the railway medium-sized/urban rail transport/highway infrastructure market has been maintained.
The capital, as the owner of the company, continues to optimize its structure and improves its profitability. The company is firmly in charge of the railways, the rails, the leading lines of business, and continuously optimizes its business structure. 1) In terms of income and the share of new contracts, the rail ratio is gradually decreasing, the municipal ratio is increasing and the road ratio is rising; 2) in terms of the Maori ratio, the railways, roads, and municipalities are increasing steadily.
The average Māori rate for the last five years has been 4.1 per cent, 7.6 per cent and 10.1 per cent respectively, resulting in an increase in the share of Māori municipalities with a higher rate, while the share of Māori with a lower rate of railways has decreased and the future profitability of companies is expected to continue to increase.
Since its inception, the company has been involved in the construction of almost all of the country's major railway lines, creating many of the first railways in China and beyond, including the first railway line in New China, the first in the world “Tianjin Road” Qing Tibetan Railway.
Billion dollars, 1.5 per cent more than the previous quarter of 2022, railway operations completed a new 15,794 million dollar, and the same company was the backbone of road construction. It was involved in hundreds of high-level road surveys, designs, constructions and supervisions in the first three quarters of 2022, of which the highways were close to the highways.
1.8 million kilometres, or 15 per cent of the total mileage of China's highways. Each year, more than 1,000 kilometres of roads have been built, and 28 million square metres of roads have been built, leading the industry.
Figure 42: Chengqing High Highway: The first high-speed map in the western part of China, Figure 44: New contracts for road operations and speed increases (in billions of yuan) The company is leading the industry in a number of areas, including orbital construction, water conservation, and top-heavy engineering.
The first urban orbital project in several regions built up magnetic suspended, subway, light-tracking over 2,000 kilometres, accounting for three-fifths of the total mileage of urban orbital engineering in China. China is currently building China's first “air-track” commercial transport line, a project for a mini-road on cliffs in Enshi Qingyan resort; and participating in the national “13th-five” focus.
The project “Advanced orbital traffic” focused on research and succeeded in manufacturing 600 km per hour, the world’s trains, through the fastest-speed, high-speed magnetic floats. The company’s municipal performance steadily increased, orders increased, and development intensified.
The company has accelerated the “second growth” curve, and the number of new contracts has increased. The company has continued to boost water, water, electricity, and clean water.
In the first three quarters of 2022, the “second curve” completed a new contract amounting to $27,663 million, or 15.8 per cent of the new contract for the construction of the capital.
The contract was awarded at $122.23 billion, an increase of 682% over the same year, and is one of the new businesses that started the second growth curve in the company’s 14th Five-Year Development Plan, which injected new energy into the company’s development. In 2020, the company acquired the Jiangxi Water Institute, officially cutting into the water and electricity sector.
In March 2021, Jiangxi Hydraulic Institute Ltd. ("Gangxi Water Institute") changed its name to China Iron Hydraulic Hydroelectric Planning Group Ltd. ("China Iron Water") and became an important technical support unit for the water plate under China's iron flag.
In 2022, the company acquired the Phyllis Water Company to speed up the development of hydropower operations.
The acquisition of 33.54% of the shares of Fimino Water Engineering Co. Ltd. in Yunnan Province. 1) This acquisition has contributed to the acceleration of the training, development and expansion of the hydroelectric sector, and to the intensive involvement of the company in hydroelectric projects in Yunnan and throughout the country, and is an important market-oriented initiative to restructure the industry and facilitate its transformation. 2) Through the Yunnan Province
Guan is working with the target company on equity, building on the company’s industrial advantages, advanced management, and financial strength, to make it possible to achieve the required quality assurance of the pilot water project. The investment in the pilot water project has reached hundreds of billions of dollars.
One of the projects, the national priority hydroelectric project during the 14th Five-Year Plan, was to optimize the allocation of Yunnan's water resources for a period of 42 billion yuan. After completion of the project, 34 areas were occupied, benefiting 369 million square kilometres of the country, benefiting 11.12 million people, designing an average of 3,403 million cubic metres of water per year, to be directed to the Feri pool and Lake Shuu.
With 672 million cubic metres of water and cologne, about 3.4 million direct jobs are created, and the total value of production in the region is about 33 billion yuan. There is a steady increase in profitability and continued optimization of business efficiency. 2022 q3, with a net asset return of 8.82 per cent for companies.
The same-year increase of 0.6 pct resulted in a steady recovery; the cost rate for the period was 4.72 per cent, with a similar decrease of 0.21 pct, with a marked increase in the result; net cash outflows from investment activities amounted to $46.480 billion, which was equal to the same period last year; and net cash inflows from financing activities amounted to $98.17 billion, mainly due to the increase in external borrowing and investment by minority shareholders.
Figure 55: Corporate pay-as-you-go ratio for the calendar year, significant increase in the turnover of accounts receivable and an increase in operational capacity. In recent years, the increase in the turnover of corporate inventory and accounts receivable has been significant, and the overall asset turnover has remained stable. In 2021, the total asset turnover of companies was 0.84 times, compared with 0.84 times.
Figure 57: Total assets, inventory, and accounts receivable turnover of companies over the years (in thousands of US dollars)
The Restricted Stock Incentives Programme 2022, which calls for reforms in State enterprises in terms of market position, innovation orientation, and supply chain levels in the industrial chain, focuses on seven priority tasks, such as institution-building and optimization of the economy.
At the beginning of 2021, China issued China ' s three-year programme of action for the deepening of the reform of China ' s iron and steel (2020-2022), which called for: (1) management and management of the world ' s leading enterprises; sound market-based business mechanisms; a focus on the main industry; and the optimization of the industrial layout; and (2) technology research and development, with respect to the cost of research and development and the national production of key components.
(c) In terms of financial indicators, it is required that the profitability of operating income and price movements in comparison with comparable companies of the same kind be included in the board ' s assessment of management indicators, while improving profitability and capital efficiency through the optimization of business management and market value management.
At the beginning of 2022, the company introduced a restrictive equity incentive scheme, awarding 171 million shares for the first time to restricted stocks, including senior managers (4), middle managers and core cadres (693), with a price of 3.55.
(c) Completion of the Economic Added Value (EVA) test of the State Committee on Finance of the State Council in 2022. (c) Completion of the Economic Added Value (EVA) test of the State Committee on Finance of the State Council in 2023. (c) Completion of the Economic Added Value (eva) test of the State Committee on Finance of the State Council in 2024.
In October, the CSRC allowed a small number of housing-related enterprises to refinance, and on November 28, the third arrow.
Landfalls, housing-related refinancing of firms, have been completely liberalized. The New Deal has lifted the key restrictions on refinancing of housing-related construction enterprises, with asset-liability ratios of less than 75% and a net market rate of more than 1 remaining refinancing of housing-related enterprises, and it is expected that the market value management of the construction-related enterprises will be more active.
On November 21, at the annual meeting of the 2022 Financial Community Forum, the CVM President pointed out that state-owned listed companies should strengthen investor relationship management and make markets better aware of their intrinsic value. As an important pillar of the national economy, state corporations have long been undervalued.
There is an urgent need to improve China’s modern capital markets to better serve the national strategy, and to speed up the process of refining the valuation of conglomerates. The momentum for a return in the value of low-value construction companies is further highlighted.
While the capital head effect has increased and the benefits of the medium iron as the capital pole have been highly defined, the upstream owner has also created new demands for construction enterprises: 1) higher qualification requirements; more integrated projects, with higher qualification requirements for project bids: 2) financial strength and risk control capacity