The company was founded in 1987, after more than 30 years of development.
Growing up as a global car glass locomotive (31% of the world ' s cities in 2021), ranked first, the State moored river: advantage of size, integration, and home-made equipment. The cost of car glass (floating glass self-supply) accounts for 17/19% of the labour, manufacturing and energy costs, respectively.
The impact of scale is widespread, with companies now accounting for more than 65 per cent of domestic municipalities and lower investment costs for home-made production equipment; companies taking full advantage of low domestic human costs and continuously seizing their share of foreign investment; and in 05, opening up floating glass to a gradual increase from the supply ratio to over 90 per cent, which is significantly higher than the rate of foreign Māori.
A new growth curve: Increased share of overseas cities & intelligent product upgrading. Over the last 30 years, companies have completed national production replacements in the domestic market and are looking forward to a new growth curve for the future.
The strategic contraction and the company’s share abroad are expected to accelerate; (b) major changes in electric intelligence, accelerated penetration of the skyscreen, glass, whud, color-modification, etc., and a greater than one-to-two-fold increase in the value of car glass bicycles.
The company acquired German dollars in 2019, opening up further opportunities for growth. As a result of an overseas epidemic, Sam lost $280 million in 2020, and as the company consolidated and added domestic and foreign orders, it is expected to gradually lose and make a profit.
It's not as permeable as electrical intelligence configurations, such as Skyscreen and whud; domestic and global car sales.
The risk of less than expected growth; the risk that counter-globalization will result in less than expected increases in the company’s share abroad; the risk of currency exchange losses arising from the appreciation of the national currency; and the risk of loss of significant shareholders.
Carglass has emerged from globalization and has been the world’s largest city in many years, and companies have grown into global car glass tap companies (global city in 2021, which set the direction for car glass development, and has since focused on car glass. The company acquired a triple front in 2018.
The group, which acquired German sam in 2019, opened its second major business: aluminum bars. A compound rate of 6%, during which global car sales were affected by the epidemic, was driven mainly by overseas revenues of $6.65 billion in the first quarter of 2022, a 15% increase in the same year, and a net return to the mother of $870 million.
Figure 2: The share of corporate domestic and foreign revenue is higher, the floating glass is more self-supporting, and there is a significant increase in profitability The industrial chain is integrated, the floating glass is more than 90% self-supporting, and the Maori rate is significantly higher.
Motor glass, which accounts for about 90% of the revenue, is partially offset by the company's expansion of the floating glass itself. The floating glass is the most important raw material for the car glass (about 35% of the car glass cost).
The Māori ratio rose from about 35 per cent before 05 to more than 40 per cent, with a marked increase in stability, with near figure 3: corporate car glass revenue in excess of 90 per cent and global car sales in the range of 8 per cent and 4 per cent, respectively, and corporate car glass revenue in the range of 2 per cent;)
Mainly affected by the epidemic in 2020, especially the overseas epidemic, which led to an 18 per cent drop in overseas vehicle sales, the adjustment of the guidelines (transport costs from sales to operating costs, partial maintenance costs from management costs)
The manufacturing advantage of automobile glass in terms of cost structure: scale effects, self-contained equipment, low human costs  car glass is typical manufacturing industry with higher labour, manufacturing costs, and energy. The main costs of automobile glass are manual, manufacturing costs, energy, and not when fully self-supporting.
Figure 7: The cost of car glass splits – the ratio of manufacturing costs is high – finance, size, and equipment is a barrier. The cost of manufacturing is high – billions of dollars, with stronger financial barriers; and, secondly, companies start early and now outnumber domestic municipalities.
65%, with a scale effect; and third, the company owns an equipment research and development base that effectively reduces the cost of investment through home-grown equipment, thereby reducing the cost of manufacturing.
The unit cost of the company ' s car glass has increased by about 10% per year over the years. In competition with the three major foreign automobile glass companies, Xinzi, Slate Nico, San Goban, the country ' s lower labour cost has been fully realized (the larger increase in the unit cost of the company in 2016 was mainly in United States factories).
Figure 10: The cost per square metre of corporate car glass changes Energy: domestic electricity prices are lower and gas prices are relatively high. Energy costs are about 14% of the cost of car glass, including industrial electricity and natural gas. In contrast, energy costs in the United States are lower than domestic and natural gas prices are lower.
It is more than 50% lower than in the country and 26% lower than in the country. For the country, gas prices are lower in areas rich in natural gas resources, such as Chongqing (the company has a car glass production base in Chongqing).
Pvb membrane: Motor glass producers generally secure the steady supply of pvb and manage the volatility of pvb by entering into long-term supply contracts with the top three manufacturers in Dubang, water reservoirs and Eastman worldwide. Thus, for the larger producers of car glass, pvb is purchased.
Pure alkaline: large-scale chemical products, purchase prices vary according to market prices. Silicon sands, etc.: a smaller proportion of the cost, the company owns a silicon sand production base in Hainan Province.
Before 2005, the company’s car glass needed to buy outside of the floating glass, and in 2003 the company built a floating glass line in Fuking.
The floating glass supply ratio is now over 90%. As the floating glass self-supply ratio rises, the company’s Māori ratio has increased significantly by more than 5 pct and is more stable than before 2005.
Beyond the glass production chain, the company has further enhanced its capacity to supply raw materials by producing silicon sands in Hainan Wenchan, Hunanpur, Liaoningburn Creek.
The new growth curve: the increase in the share of overseas cities — the intellectual upgrading of products — the contraction of foreign-investment strategies, the rapid rise in the share of overseas cities are significantly higher than the increase in domestic income and in the volume of overseas automobile sales and the rapid rise in the share of overseas markets.
Figure 16: The company has become the world's largest car glass company
(b) The annual net interest rate also fell to 3 per cent and 1 per cent.
Figure 20: Foreign counterparts’ net interest rates are below 5% or even at a loss; foreign counterparts shrink their car glass business. Xinziko closed its boussois floating glass factory in south-west France in 2020 and sold the US building glass business for $450 million in 2021
Cardinal, to boost profitability; in 2021, San Goban sold part of Germany’s glass manufacturing business. Demand and production in overseas factories were more affected by the epidemic than in the country, and foreign counterparts shrunk their car glass business, providing good opportunities for companies to expand overseas.
In order to maintain a competitive advantage, the company has been covering new technological directions such as insulation, skyscreen, whud, light glass, and so on, in 2021.
Cost increases of 22 per cent compared to the previous two years and further increases in R & D inputs; interest-bearing debt servicing: about 15 per cent for R & D project inputs: about 10 per cent for expansion of the photovoltaic glass market; product upgrading: skyscreen glass, whud driving the increase in the value of bicycles
The skyglasses are technologically sensitive, less costly, more space in the vehicle than the skylight system, and are expected to be industry trends. The Tezra skyglasses, which lead the tide, and the new models of many old and new power brands, are expected to be industry trends.
The advantages of the skyscreen over the traditional skylights are: a sense of technology. The skyscreen is a one-size-fits-all skylight, with a better view and more technology at a lower cost than the skylights. The conventional skylight structures include glass windows, power drives, gears, gears.
Sliding, sliding screws, etc., are relatively complex structures, and the main suppliers are Vibuster, with different configurations, different packages of skylight systems at around 2000-6000 dollars. And the skyscreen, glass base, has a cost of about $800-1,000, which is lower than the traditional skylight.
As the new energy chassis contains batteries, it is higher than the fuel chassis, and compared to the skylight system, the use of skyscreen glass can raise the vehicle to the same height, so the skyscreen glass increases the value of the bicycle. The base glass is worth about $800 to $1,000.
The value of the radiating, insulating, etc. is expected to reach $1,500-2000. The value of the bicycles has increased one to two times as much as the value of the glass, which is around $700.
The driver does not have to look down at the dashboard to improve the safety of the driver. The whud system has a unit cost of about $1,000-1500, the unit cost is low, the safety and convenience of the driver is improving, and the penetration rate is increasing rapidly. According to high-industrial smart car data, industry seeps in 2021.
Chart 26: Hud build-up speed increases the front value of whud by over $300. In order to safeguard the projection effect of wwud, pre-screening and other treatments such as plating are required, and the front value of wwud is about $500-600, which is higher than the normal front.
The value (approximately $200) has been increased by more than $300. The size of the skyscreen, whud, colouring, etc. has been upgraded, and the value of the bicycles has more than doubled.
It's about $2,000 or more, and it's about 2,000 dollars or more, and it's about the second-larger aluminium bars, and it's about bringing the profits to an end, and it's about to come back.
In 2015, the group became operational at the Fukuchung plant. In June 2018, the Triad Group was acquired, and the apparel business was incorporated into the public company. In November 2018, it was set up to be responsible for the fine aluminium process in the aluminium bar production process. In 2019, the company acquired the German sam, sam, a German car zero.
Aluminium bars have strong synergies with car glass customer resources, supply channels, etc.
Prior to the displaying business, the company purchased the triangular windows of the main aluminium supply factory, which can be expanded to provide the customer with the product directly. In addition, the alumina can be integrated with the car glass and the aluminium bars through the high-quality customer resources and channels established by the company in the automobile complex.
At the time of the acquisition of the company, Sam was in a state of loss, and after the acquisition, the company was integrated in several ways: 11 plants were integrated and the products were put into production on two production lines, the equipment was modified and the equipment was optimized; in-country integration (aluminium pressurized by the Three Peaks group, aluminum refined with aluminum, etc.) and in-country integration was carried out.
Millions of dollars, at a loss of $280 million. It is expected that, with the consolidation of companies and the addition of domestic and foreign orders, Sam will gradually reduce its losses and make a profit.
Volume production and management improvements: a slight decrease in the administrative cost rate, considering the impact of scale and the fact that Sam ' s overseas operations were largely completed; increased volume of false and value-added glass orders.
Companies are the leading global car glass, with 31% of the city’s share, and are a model for the globalization of good domestic manufacturing industries. Looking ahead, companies are gaining a new growth curve: 1) based on the epidemic, foreign competitors are not profitable, strategies are shrinking, and the company’s share abroad is expected to accelerate; 2) big changes in electric intelligence, skyscreen glass, etc.
The configuration penetration rate of whud, colouring, etc. has accelerated, and the volume of car glass bicycles is expected to increase one to two times the value; 3) the synergizing operations are expected to result in a “buy-in” rating based on the company's good genetic management after integration.
▪ There is a risk that electro-intelligence configurations such as skyscreen, whud, etc., with less penetration than expected, can provide a significant amount of vehicle glass, subject to costs, technological advances, etc., with less penetration than expected.
Domestic and global automobile sales have not increased as much as expected, and the impact of the epidemic has been significant in April, and if the follow-up outbreak is not effectively controlled, it will affect domestic and international car sales.
The risk that counter-globalization will result in firms’ rising shares abroad is not as high as expected, and that increased trade wars or policies such as those introduced in Europe and North America could result in firms’ rising shares off the sea.
Foreign exchange losses of $420 million and $530 million, respectively, will be paid to the company if the renminbi continues to appreciate, and the final rating will then be calculated on average for the average market investment.