The cost of raw materials and RMB exchange rate tracking and sensitivity analysis.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the impact of the glazing glass on the fluctuations in the cost of raw materials and the appreciation of the renminbi (receipt on exchange) and the cost of raw materials on the profit side.
Sensitivity analysis of the magnitude of the impact of the rise and/or devaluation of the renminbi. 1) Follow-up of the price of glossy glass: the vertical integration of glossy glass is high, with raw materials costs accounting for 62.71 per cent of operating costs (2021), and the top three primary raw materials, pvb membranes, natural gas and pure alkalis, accounting for 10-15 per cent, 15 per cent and 6 per cent respectively of glossy glass operating costs in 2021.
While the cost of bulk commodities has risen since then, Foyo has maintained a relatively stable cost through the Pvb membrane and long-term agreements for pipeline natural gas (industrial gate prices), the core impact on the cost of the Foigny raw materials is now mainly in pure alkaline (heavy) at a cost of 6 per cent.
2. Sensitivity analysis of the extent to which Fukuyo is affected by the rise/depreciation of the renminbi: the glass is typical of China ' s export-making enterprises, which for the past three years have been sustained at around 50 per cent of the overseas income ratio (the United States is expected to operate more than half of its overseas operations), which means that Fukuyo has a larger annual flow of funds in United States dollars and foreign currencies, which has been added to the previous listing and refinancing of the Hong Kong stock, and that the company maintains a higher proportion of its dollar and foreign currency assets (deposit and current) on its books for a long time.
At the dollar/foreign currency level of the above flows and stocks, the rise/depreciation with the renminbi will cause a degree of volatility in the immediate Māori ratio (which is affected by the flow of US dollar funds) and in the financial costs (which generate exchange gains/losses on United States dollar stock assets). Because of the large amount of company-to-account dollar assets (long-term over $800 million), the rise/depreciation in the renminbi will have a far greater impact on exchange gains or losses than on the Māori ratio.
Here we measure mainly the impact of the devaluation of the renminbi on the exchange gains and losses on the company’s financial costs (direction: renminbi appreciation, negative contribution of the Maori rate and loss of exchange; renminbi depreciation, positive contribution of the Maori rate and exchange gain). The currency as a whole shows an upward trend, resulting in a certain loss of exchange.
6.35 to 6.79, the renminbi depreciates by 6.93 per cent, and the exchange rate and exchange gains from the latest exchange rate on May 13 (6.79). This paper provides a sensitive analysis of the cost of raw materials of interest to the market and the impact of renminbi exchange rate fluctuations on Fulfilling.
In comparison to 48 per cent, ring to 47 per cent, we expect that most of the q2 camps will receive a profit ring that is under pressure, while Fukuyo is expected to have a higher Māori rate and financial cost as a result of the decline in pure-alkali prices and the devaluation of the civilian currency, with the performance of the parent profit end or exceeding the industry, while the energy (natural gas) costs of overseas competitors are significantly higher, and the relatively stable use costs of the Favour provide a greater relative competitive advantage, with a further increase in the market share expected.
Guin Shin's views on automobiles: With China's automobile industry growing for many years, it has grown into a global car engine with great focus and cost-control capabilities (31% of the city in 2021), with far greater profitability than global competitors. 202,2001 company revenues are historically high (6.55 billion, compared to +14.75%), surpassing the domestic car industry by 12 pct, and the appreciation of the renminbi, exchange rate, pure alkaline, and rising shipping costs have affected profit booms.
Performance (total profit is equal to +3%), and if the above factors are taken into account, the total profit is estimated to be approximately 1.37 billion, a 24% increase over the same period.
Car glass, the core product of the glass, accounts for more than 90% of its operating income. Motor glass raw materials consist mainly of floating glass (glass blades), pvb membrane, etc., and electricity. The floating glass is an important original supplement to the car glass, and the formation process is done in tin tanks that penetrate the gas (n2 and h2) with the advantages of a tight structure, smooth hand, no waterline, good transparency, etc. Floating glass raw materials are mainly pure alkaline,
Silicon sands, limestones, etc., and electricity. Cost split: glass sheets, pvb membrane, manual, electrical and manufacturing costs are the main cost of corporate car glass, with the largest share of floating glass, 34%, and the combined cost of pvb membrane is nearly 50%.
Overall, pvb (10-15%), natural gas (15%), pure alkali (6%) account for the cost of the first three originals of car glass, pvb (10-15%) is stable. pvb usually accounts for 20-25% of the production cost of the glass in the mezzanine and 10-15% of the production cost of the glass in the car. The market price of pvb used in the production of car glass is RMB 50-60/m2.
Long-term supply contracts between the top three pvb manufacturers worldwide to secure a stable supply of pvb and manage the risk of volatility of pvb prices have increased by no more than 5 per cent over the past few years and the cost has been more stable. (2) The overall price of natural gas (15 per cent) has remained relatively stable, with a clear comparative advantage over the volatility of foreign gas prices.
Fukuyo's domestic floating glass factory consists mainly of Fukugi headquarters, Tonyo, Ben Creek, and Chongqing, with capacity ranging from 300,000 to 450,000 tons, 300,000 tons, 300,000 tons and 300,000 tons, respectively, and is located in the south-east, north-east, and south-west, so we focus on tracking prices in the three regions and defining the Fukuoka gas price index based on the weight of production capacity, with south-east, south-west China.
In order to better detect changes in gas prices, we have introduced the “Future Gas Price Index” indicators in Guangzhou, Shenyang and Chongqing, taking into account the market prices of industrial natural gas in Guangzhou, Shenyang and Chongqing (principal current prices).
The price index for Fukuoka gas has been declining for almost five years, with a cumulative drop of 4.2 per cent and a relatively stable price for the last three years. Short-term dimension, the price index for Fukuyo gas has experienced three modest price increases since the beginning of 2022, corresponding to 3.41 yuan/m3 respectively.
Energy costs and part of energy costs in the manufacture of floating glass, which we predict are about 50 per cent of the cost of floating glass, 50 per cent of traditional energy sources such as coal combustion, and the cumulative cost of natural gas in car glass is 8.30 per cent + 34.00 per cent*36.30 per cent* * 50 per cent = 14.5 per cent. That is, at the beginning of 2022, figure 4: Fukuoka gas price index tracking (m3/m3) from the beginning of 2017 to the present
In the North, the price of the industrial gas market is for reference purposes only and does not represent the price of the real gas.) The above analysis shows that the negotiated price of the gas products used by Fukuyo is not affected by recent global increases in natural gas prices, that prices remain relatively stable, and that the prices of European and American natural gas have increased significantly.
The relative cost advantage of an overseas car glass competitor. The European, US, gas prices were selected to analyse the offshore gas situation. Overall, the foreign European, US, gas prices continued to fluctuate until 2021, the overall trend was stable, and the foreign gas prices rose significantly beginning in 2021, with European gas prices rising from 1.63 yuan/m3 in January 2021 to $7.24/m3 in April 2022, cumulatively.
A cumulative increase of 85.0%. In the context of the sharp increase in foreign gas prices, the trend in the gas price index has remained relatively stable, and comparative advantages are evident in figure 5: European gas commodity prices ($/m3) from the beginning of 2017 to the present, figure 6: United States industrial gas prices ($/m3) from the beginning of 2017 to the present.
In order to quantify the comparative advantage of the price changes for the Foigny gas vis-à-vis the foreign (European, United States) gas, we assume that the Māori ratio of overseas auto proprietors is 25 per cent and the cost of natural gas is 14.5 per cent, and based on the “Māori impact of car glass enterprises = (1-25 per cent) * 14.5 per cent* (- gas price volatility)”, we conclude that:
(European gas rises give Fukuyo a comparative advantage of 29.9 per cent; United States gas price increases of 85 per cent, affecting US car glass rates of 9.2 per cent (United States gas increases give Fukuyo a comparative advantage of 9.2 per cent). Overall, 202101 - 2020202, US gas prices increase 13.4 per cent, and US car glass rates of -1.5 per cent (United States gas increases give Fukuyo a relatively good rate of Māori).
The gas price index is relatively stable, with the US gas rising to a comparative advantage of 1.5%. Based on the same approach, we defined the price index as a pure platinum platinum platinum, which in general was more volatile after the 2020 outbreak, with a rise in the platinum platinum platinum price index since the beginning of 2021, continuing from 1,475.6 yuan per ton on 3 January 2021.
Up to the peak of $3823.9 per ton (a 159.1 per cent increase) on 21 November 2021, although the price index has since fallen somewhat, the overall figure has fallen to $3014.9 per ton (8 May 2022), a decrease of 6.9 per cent and a split of 6.2 per cent, with a rise of 3.5 per cent from 2913.3 to 3014.9 to 3014.9 tons (3 April 2022).
Pure alkaline is the cost of floating glass raw materials, which represents 34.00%*16.30% of the cost of car glass = 5.54%, a decline of 6.9% in the cost ring from early 2022 to early 2022, a decline of 0.4% in the cost ring for car glass, a decline of 9.6% in the cost ring for 2201 pure alkaline, a decrease of 0.5% in the cost link for car glass, an increase of 3.5% in the price ring from early April 2022 to early April 2022, and an increase of 0.2% in the cost ring for car glass.
Figure 7: Price index of pure platinum platinum (in yuan/tons) for quantitative analysis of the magnitude of the impact of changes in pure platinum prices on the profit of pristine platinum, we perform the following sensitivity analysis: assuming 36 per cent of car glass Māori and $25 billion of car glass collected throughout the year, the ratio of pure alkali costs is 5.5 per cent, and changes in pure alkali prices lead to a change in the Māori rate = (1-36 per cent)
B-0.35%, -0.70%, -1.06%, corresponding to the annual gross profit impact of glory - 0.88, -1.76 million yuan, and, when pure base prices are overall, the price of natural gas is relatively stable (a clear advantage over the cost of overseas competitors). Since mid-2020, pure base prices have dropped by 9.6%, and car glass cost by 0.5%, and by 3.5% since the beginning of April 2022.
It is produced by Japanese, United States and European enterprises, and price fluctuations are associated to some extent with crude oil prices, but the three countries that the company has been adopting for a long time have much room for decline; at the same time, the company has effectively reduced the cost of investment through its own production equipment, thereby reducing future depreciation and labour costs.
Fukuyo Glass, a typical Chinese export-making enterprise, has maintained its share of overseas revenues for the last three years at around 50 per cent (over half of United States operations abroad are expected), meaning that Fukuyo has more inflows of United States dollars and foreign currency each year, adding to previous listings and refinancing of the Hong Kong stock, and that the public sector maintains a higher proportion of United States dollars and foreign currency assets (deposit and cash equivalents) on a long-term basis, under the dollar/foreign currency funds of these flows and stocks.
The rise/depreciation of the renminbi will cause a degree of volatility in the immediate Māori rate (which is affected by US dollar flows) and financial costs (which generate exchange gains and losses on US dollar holdings). Given the size of the company’s book assets (long-term in excess of $800 million), the rise in the RMB will have a far greater impact on exchange gains and losses than on the Māori rate, where we measure the rise in the renminbi’s depreciation on the company’s financial costs.
The impact of exchange gains and losses (direction: appreciation of the renminbi, negative contribution of the Māori rate and loss of exchange; devaluation of the renminbi, positive contribution of the Māori rate, and recovery of the United States dollar against the RMB, which continued to fall in exchange rates between the beginning of 2010 and the beginning of 2016 (RR appreciation); subsequent increase in exchange rate fluctuations between the United States dollar and the RMB in early 2016-2020 (RMB depreciation).
The exchange rate continued to fall from the top (the renminbi appreciated) and the constant appreciation of the renminbi from 2020 to the first quarter of 2022 accumulated billions of yuan into the glass. From April 2022, the dollar began a rapid recovery in the bottom against the renminbi, and from April 1 to May 13, 2022, the dollar increased from 6.35 to 6.79, and the renminbi depreciated by 6.93 per cent. We refer to the latest remittance on May 13th.
Rate (6.79) A sensitivity analysis of exchange rate and exchange rate gains reveals that assuming an exchange rate of 6.6-7.0 to the renminbi as of $20200630, the investment proposal is to continue to recommend the global champion glass on the high-quality track and maintain the “buy-in” rating. In the context of motor smartness, industry opportunities revolve around 1) incremental/upgraded parts; and 2) two main lines in the autonomous rise of the industrial chain.
Under the main line of upgraded parts, car glass has a built-in calculus advantage (occupying one third of the surface of the vehicle and surrounding the crew), prior upgrades around front-hudization, top-of-the-scenesization of the vehicle, which in the medium term is expected to be a sea volume data output vehicle at the end of the car ' s ecological application (volume of information other than the medium control) with a large growth space (single-car value from 700-1500-3000+).
With China’s automobile industry growing for many years, and with great focus and cost-control capabilities, it has grown into a global car glass tap (31% of the city), with far greater profitability than global competitors. 20201 has a record high (6.55 billion compared to +14.75%), transcending the domestic automobile industry by 12 pct, and the appreciation of the renminbi, exchange rate, pure alkali and sea shipping prices have affected profit-side growth performance (total profits are equal to +3%).
If the above factors are excluded, the total profit is estimated at approximately 1.37 billion, a 24% increase over the same period. Due to the appreciation of the renminbi, shipping charges and pure-alkali prices, the company’s performance is expected to increase at a high rate, with long-term dimensions, in the context of a slowdown in shipping and chips and an increase in the city’s occupancy rate. The company, as a global engine of car glass, is expected to grow with a larger intellectual potential.
In the second quarter of 2022, under the impact of the Shanghai epidemic on output in the long triangular chain, the automobile industry produced 46% in April and 46% in April.
In comparison to 48 per cent, ring to 47 per cent, we expect that most of the q2 camps will receive a profit ring that is under pressure, while Fukuyo is expected to have a higher Māori rate and financial cost as a result of the decline in pure-alkali prices and the devaluation of the civilian currency, with the performance of the parent profit end or exceeding the industry, while the energy (natural gas) costs of overseas competitors are significantly higher, and the relatively stable use costs of the Favour provide a greater relative competitive advantage, with a further increase in the market share expected.
In the short term, it is expected that the company will be repaired in the short term as a result of the Russian-Turkish conflict, car core deficits, the epidemic and other factors that have contributed to a larger reversal in corporate equity prices, the current high security margins and excessive concerns about profitability in the previous market; in the medium term, the epidemic and supply chain pressures are expected to ease, with the company becoming a relatively strong (extra-industry) car block base; and in the long term, the characteristics of industry growth after the logic of upgrading are highlighted and are expected to provide valuation elasticity.
The uncertainty of the overseas epidemic affects the company’s business and sam integration progress. Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, is independent, objective, impartial and independent from any third party’s approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.