A quarter of a season of high revenue and an accelerated increase in the value of the bicycles, a record high of 20201, with the same total profit net of increases in exchange rates, pure alkaline and shipping costs.
By +24%. +202201 glass yields 6.548 billion (+14.75% year-on-year, ring + 1.51%) net of total profits of 1.370 billion (+24% year-on-year) from the appreciation of the renminbi, exchange rate, pure alkali and sea transport. Overall, in 2021q1, the company registered a record high, with a steady increase over the automobile industry.
As a result of this increase, non-recurrent factors such as exchange rate, pure base, and shipping price increases influence profit-side growth performance. The appreciation of the renminbi, the rise in shipping fees, and the rise in pure base prices affect the Māori rate, which is equal to the cost.
The reason for this is the impact of the appreciation of the renminbi, shipping fees and net base price increases. 2201 “Māori rate – sales cost 2201 ring 2101 rises. After adjusting for the new accounting policy, the company 2022014 rate is 3.3 pct higher for high value added products such as smart skyscreen glass, modifiable glass, auto props, etc.
The price of platinum flat rice continued to rise from $152.4 in 2016 to $180.5 in 2021, with cagr as a smooth-growing industry with a four-quarter growth and an Internet research centre for intelligent industries, with a reduction in efficiency gains; and the introduction of a lighting system and pre-etc
Tri-quarterly Report Review: Good Performance, Windshield, and other new technologies to make the car glass more intelligent. Mid-year Review: Performance meets expectations, long-term good
"Glass 600660-2021: performance meets expectations, net interest rates " Investment proposal: maintaining profit projections and moving up to the "buy-in" rating. "Glass 600660-2020: performance meets expectations, profit continues to improve. "
In the early period, due to factors such as the conflict in the Russian Federation, the absence of car cores, the epidemic, and other factors, corporate stock prices have been readjusted considerably, the current security margins are high, and concerns about profitability in the previous market are excessive and are expected to be repaired in the short term; in the medium term, the epidemic and supply-chain pressure have eased, and the company is expected to become a relatively strong (exceeding) bus plate base.
In the long run, the characteristics of industry growth after the realization of the asp lifting logic have been highlighted, with an expected historical high of 202,201 battalions, with a total profit of +24 per cent on a year-on-year basis net of increases in exchange rates, pure alkaline and shipping charges.
At the end of the round, the company registered a single-season high of 202,2001 battalions, and the continued growth is expected to be mainly due to the increase in vehicle glass and city rates.
The rise in prices, the increase in shipping costs and other factors have affected profit-side performance, with 2201 companies having a total profit of 1,066 million, 1) the appreciation of the renminbi has affected Māori by 50 million yuan less than in the same period the previous year; at the same time, the appreciation of the renminbi has resulted in the loss of RMB 130 million in the exchange of financial costs (the loss of exchange during the same period the previous year was 700 million); 2) the price increase of pure base is higher.
Impacting increased costs, resulting in a reduction in total profits of RMB 70 million compared to the same period in the previous year; 3) higher costs of higher shipping costs, resulting in a reduction in total profits of RMB 50 million compared to the same period in the previous year.
Implementation of a question-and-answer process to change the related transportation costs from those originally charged in the current period to those identified as base amortization to operating costs in the same way as goods or services income; and routine repairs of fixed assets associated with the production and processing of inventories from those originally recorded in the current period to those treated in accordance with the principle of determining inventory costs.
During the period, the company had prepared its financial statements in accordance with the above-mentioned accounting policies, together with adjustments to the comparative financial statements for the same period of the previous year Changes in accounting standards, with some management and sales costs being moved to the cost end of q4, using the calculus of the Māori ratio-sale rate-management rate, which was 2201 Māori-sale cost-management rate-management rate of 23.63 per cent, as compared with 23.63 per cent
-0.80 pct. With respect to cost rates, 2022q1 is equal to the same overall ratio. Considering that changes in accounting policies have resulted in a comparison of the indicative cost rate data, we have here adjusted the sales rate and management costs of 202101 in accordance with the provisions of the new accounting policy.
Rate. At comparable calibre, the company 2022q1iv rate is 19.00 per cent, corresponding to +0.01 pct, of which sales/management figure 7: R & D costs and cost rates of glazing glass, figure 8: change in cost rates of four glazing glass.
2021q1/2022q1 is data from the change in accounting policy) Since then, the annual and quarterly rate of increase in Fukuoka glass has been generally consistent with that of the domestic car market, where the rate of increase in absolute terms has remained largely higher than that of the industry, with 20201 missing in the domestic automobile industry.
Production in the core context increased by 1.95 per cent over the year, vehicle production by 10.85 per cent over the year, and corporate revenue by 14.75 per cent over the year, showing a continuing over-industry performance. For the subregion, Fukuyo’s 22q1 battalion is expected to collect $167 million, operating profits are expected to be $19.9 million, net profits are about 8 per cent, and net profits are raised by RMB 3.9 billion in 21
Since the acquisition of the German sam alumni assets in 2019, the company has begun to integrate to improve its operational efficiency and to complete the project integration in the first half of 2020, to a certain extent, to safeguard the loss of sam in the context of the q2 overseas epidemic, which significantly affected the harvest.
It is not magnified by the fact that since the beginning of the q3 epidemic, the sam output utilization ring has improved since the beginning of the epidemic abroad, and the loss margin has shown a downward trend since 2002, with 2104 being affected by the lump-sum end-of-life scheme, and the sam loss ring has increased. Germany’s sam22q1 is expected to generate 2781 million euros (38 million euros in the same period last year).
The development of the aluminium apparel business will further enhance the ability to integrate the Fulbright car glass, while at the same time expanding the development space for Fulbright. The Fulbright glass will remain a relatively high-intensity input into new products.
The company has set up smart innovation centres, set up smart network innovation teams, rapidly developing the gateways, and core technologies such as critical car glass-forming processes and equipment, glass antennas, plating, photovoltaics, etc.
A breakthrough has been made in the development of light-quantified super-glasses, plating and heating glass, displaying glass on the head, super-segregation, ecclesiastical 5g glass with a network antenna, intelligent panorama glass, etc., bringing new green intelligence, energy-efficient, safe and comfortable driving experiences to users.
“Carbon peaks” require that Fukuyo actively introduce highly automated production lines in the manufacture of innovative products, substantially increasing the efficiency of production and product quality, while further reducing production energy consumption. Research and development of innovation and technology leads to a rising value added of corporate glass products.
In the direction of full comfort, energy-efficient and environmentally friendly, fashion-friendly, intelligent integration, the intelligent panorama glass, modifiable glass, head-deep glass, ultra-segregated glass, light-quantified ultra-bullet glass, heated glass, etc., the proportion of high-value plus products continued to rise, representing an increase of 3.31 pct over the same period the previous year.
In September 2021, the Fukuyo Group joined forces with Qinghua University and Beijing University to launch a digital intelligence innovation project to promote innovative research and development in the manufacturing of car glass.
The first full landscape mountain tourism train, officially delineated in Hunanzhou, is expected to be operational on Integrated Orbital Transport Line 1 in late 2022 in the city of Ligang City. The front window of the train, the Mirror of the Sky, has been designed with superbly curved front window sizes of approximately 5.2 m2, which are currently the largest orbital front window product, in addition,
The side window of the train uses electric modifiable glass. Figure 13: Unit cost of Fukuyo car glass ($/m2) Figure 14: Official offline of the world ' s premier landscape-wide mountain travel train
In March 2022, Fukuyo Group and Tsinghua University jointly set up an Internet Research Centre for Smart Industries to bring industrial output into the “digital pre-eminence” phase, a model that will significantly improve design efficiency, reduce efficiency gains, and enhance the intellectual manufacturing capabilities of the business.
To make the car glass more intelligent, Fukuokatc's front windshield is the only ec product currently certified with front glass through the intcs and middle steam research. Figure 15: Fukuyo and Qinghua University jointly set up an Internet Research Centre for Smart Industries
Figure 16: Foyoetc front windshield, looking forward to the future, with Hud (popular meb/New Great Wall Platform, etc.), full glass roofs (Texra, Peng, etc.), light glass as representative applications becoming more widespread, with an increase in the auto glass industry in the context of electric intelligence expected to increase
Quick. We believe that light glass with its insulation, sound insulation, entertainment, safety, etc., will give the pan-scenes glass more functionality. The light glass product is fully configured and supplied to the mainstream, the brand-owned electric smart car. At present, the light glass product can be divided into pdlc light glass, the heat of color transformation.

With low fog, automatic radiation of intelligence sensors, insulated UV, and the use of optical game ec electro-continuing techniques to achieve a gradient of color modulus light, they are currently in arctic helium 001, wide-blown aionsplus, etc.
Figure 18: Corporate roll-out of new eugenics ec light-screen investment proposals: continued recommendation of global leadership glass on high-quality track up to “buy-in” rating. Industry opportunities revolve around 1) incremental/upgraded parts and components in the context of motor smartness; 2) autonomous rise production
Two main lines of the chain are active. Under the main line of incremental/upgraded parts, car glass is naturally captivated (occupying one third of the surface of the car and surrounding the crew), prior upgrades are centred around front-hudization, top-of-the-scenes penetration, and in the medium term, forward car glass is expected to become the mass at the end of the car's ecological application.
According to the output carrier (the amount of information outside the control screen), there is a huge growth space (one-car value from 700-1500-3000+).
For the global champion of car glass (31% of the city), profitability is far higher than that of global competitors. 2022q1 has a record high (6.55 billion, compared with 14.75%), surpassing the domestic car industry by 12 pct, the rise in the renminbi, exchange rates, pure alkali and sea freight prices have influenced profit-side growth performance (total profits are equal to +3%).
If these factors are taken into account, total profits are measured at about 1.37 billion, a 24% increase over the same period.
In a major trend, car glass is expected to increase from 1) the amount of glass used in bicycles (areas) from 4 to 6 m2; 2) the amount of single square metres (plating, insulation, wrapping, hud, luminous, 5g communications, etc.) from 600 to more than 2,000 dollars. The industry is expected to accelerate the pace of growth following the opening of car glass, web connection, and the opening of new horizons.
Prior period, due to factors such as the conflict in the Russian Federation, the absence of car cores, and the epidemic, there was a greater reversal of corporate stock prices. With the current situation and supply-chain pressure easing, the company is expected to become a relatively strong (extra-industry) base of the car plate. Schedule: financial projections and valuation.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject