Gorgeous Glass (600660) Vehicle, global car glass tap, electro-intelligent booster price up, South-West Securities Research and Development Center
• Recommended logic 1: 1) Benefit from increased penetration of intelligence, high value-added products such as skyscreen glass, hud glass, benefit from supply chain and cost advantages, enhanced global flagship status, room for increased market access, and 22/23/24 expected modularization with car glass.
• High-value-added products as a percentage of growth: skyscreens, hud, etc., have increased penetration, leading companies to grow. In the light of the trend towards car intelligence, more and more new functions have been integrated into car glass. The skyscreen glass, which is about $1,500-2000, doubles the traditional skylight glass, has increased its penetration to 6% in 21 years.
A functional front windshield has increased several times over the normal glass, with a domestic penetration rate of 4% over 20 years, and a growing share of value products has led companies to keep up with the market. • Global market share rises: supply chains and cost advantages help accelerate the opening of overseas markets.
With a high concentration of oligopolies, more than 80% of the world'scr4. Companies have been expanding their overseas markets since 2006 with a stable supply chain and cost advantage, with a steady increase in global city share, with companies accounting for 31% of the total volume of goods delivered in 2021, compared to 3pp. Companies are operating together in comparison with competitors.
Industrial chain extension: A light quantitative trend in the automobile industry is evident in the carbon-reduction trend, and there is much room for growth in the penetration of the aluminum alloy market. The volume of aluminum bars has doubled compared to the value of stainless steel bars.
Jiangsu Sanshu is working together to complete the whole industry chain layout of the aluminum glimmers, with the promise of modularization with the car glass, increased customer stickyness, and a significant increase in theasp. Growth rates. Given the company’s rising global market share and its higher value-added products, it is possible to give more space for upgrading.
Assumption 1: benefits from higher penetration rates of smartness, higher share of high value-added products such as skyscreen glass, hud glass, sustained upswing of company asp in 22/23/24, 191/203/217 yuan per square metre, respectively. Assumption 2: benefits from cost and industrial chain advantages, enhanced global leader position, global market share of corporate car glass
Assumption 3: Epidemic, chip shortage, rising raw materials and shipping prices eased, and corporate profitability gradually recovered.
1) The market believes that higher value-added products are likely to increase faster than expected. We believe that, as electric intelligence accelerates, the company’s higher value-added product penetration is expected to increase faster than expected. 2) The market believes that sam operations are yet to be accelerated, the company actively adjusts its business model, upgrades its management, and orders are released gradually as production capacity rises, pre-empts
Prices: benefits from the rapid growth of car intelligence, increasing the share of high-value-added products, such as skyscreen glass, hud glass, leading companies to increase; quantity: benefits from supply chain and cost advantages, corporate global dominance, markets, etc.
Fortune glass, the world’s leading car-glass enterprise, will maintain double-digit growth in business performance over the next three years. It is expected that the four companies in the industry that are close to the Fry glass business, South Boa, Xin Fountain, Paul Science, and Starwoo, will be 23, 17, 13 times more expensive than the average perpen in 2022-2024.
The growth space for the global automobile glass flagship, combined with the valuation of the label company and the current business layout of the glazing glass, we risk the spread of the epidemic; the risk of chip shortage; the risk that globalization will expand less than expected; the risk of higher prices for raw materials being higher than expected; the risk of less than expected allocation of high value added products; the risk of exchange rate fluctuations; and the risk of overseas operations.
Company profile: Global Motor Glass Dragons, 35 years in the field of deep-deep car glass, which has achieved global car glass taps. Fukuyo Glass Industries Group Inc. was established in 1987, was listed in 1993, and landed in 2005.
The company’s main business is the provision of secure glass, car accessories, and a whole range of solutions for a variety of means of transport, including car glass, floating glass, rolling glass, luggage racks, car window accessories, design, production, sale and services. The company has established modernity in several provinces and cities in the country, as well as in several countries and territories, including the United States, Russia, Germany, etc.
In 2021, the domestic market for corporate car glass was 70%, the global market was 31% and ranked first, with customers covering almost all major domestic and international car companies, including the top 20 car producers.
Toyota, the general public, the general public, Ford, modern, etc., and China’s top ten car manufacturers, such as the upper gas industry, the upper gas industry, the upper gas industry, the modern Beijing market, and the East Wind, among others. In 2021, the top five customers of the company earned 14.2%, the largest households 4.1%, and the client structure was fragmented and less dependent on a single customer.
Since its inception, companies have been firmly seized of development opportunities, product positioning, and increasing global competitiveness. The course of corporate development can be divided into five phases: (1) 1987-1999, industry started, and in the context of the emergence of a joint venture in the 1990s, they gained a boost from the general public, the second gas, the Chang Autu, and the Gang Bell.
(b) From 2000 to 2005, benefits were derived from the rapid development of the domestic automobile industry, the company actively increased capital spending, the country ' s business expanded rapidly, the acquisition of purchase orders for cars such as the Volkswagen, the Odysian and so forth, the city ' s rising share of over 60 per cent and the establishment of an absolute leader in domestic car glass;
In 2006-2010, the expansion of the overseas market was accelerated on the basis of a sustained increase in domestic automobile sales, and in the wake of the financial crisis, international business packages such as the BMW, Mercedes, etc., with increased global impact, with more than 20 per cent of overseas cagr collections during the period, a clear strategic positioning of global markets for globalization, the preparation of overseas factories, and continued growth in global competitiveness, becoming the top 20 major vehicle providers.
Businesses; e.g. 2016-to date, global business expansion accelerated, with more than 14 per cent of overseas cagr receipts and more than 30 per cent of global cities growing into global car glass taps, while actively expanding horizontal operations to form a complete chain of aluminium bars and creating synergies with the main industry.
Figure 3: Corporate development history of the founder, Mr. Cao DeWang and his family, with a combined share of about 16.36 per cent, a reasonable equity structure, and a more decentralized shareholding.
The net profit was 11.5 per cent. In 2009, it benefited from incentives from a car acquisition tax concession and low oil prices, with a significant increase in domestic car sales, with a 37.8 per cent Māori ratio for corporate car glass, compared with +4.1 pp, a decrease in the share of low-cumulative construction-level floats, a 31.2 per cent Māori rate for floating glass, and a 42 per cent Māori rate for companies combined, compared with +18.8 pp.
By comparison with +10.7 pp, performance grew significantly, opening up the post-Māori era. By 2018, it benefited mainly from the sale of subsidiaries, which generated investment earnings of $660 million, and recorded a significant increase in performance.
Basic stability, largely influenced by changes in accounting standards in 2021, saw a significant decline in the Māori rate, but net interest rates remained stable at 2.7 per cent for cagr and 14.5 per cent for foreign countries. Globalization was growing and foreign operations were less profitable than domestic, mainly because of higher costs such as labour costs and manufacturing costs.
2 Electro-intelligence drives product volumes up by 2.1, with stable supply chains and cost advantages, global market ownership is rising. The automotive glass industry has an excellent market pattern and a clear competitive edge for companies.
The main players around the world, with a high concentration of monopoly positions, are glorified glass, titanium (day), twilight (day), San Goban (law), central nitro (day), vitro (ink), etc., which is over 80%. Compared to their counterparts, the competitive advantage of companies is evident, mainly in the following areas: (1) business is more focused. In 2021, the company ' s carbates accounted for 90% + far higher than the sea.
The company spent more on capital than on depreciation and amortization, except for 20 years, and continued to expand in size, with anti-competing rivals showing no expansion. San Goban's strategic adjustment for 2018, the sale of various glass factories in Europe in 19-21, with total asset spending below depreciation. Xi amazole business capital expenditure showed a downward trend from 19-21 years, and capital expenditure was below depreciation for 21 years.
In 17-21, the capital expenditure and depreciation of the boar were comparable, with no business expansion trend. (3) high profitability. Industrial chain integration advantages are evident, with high cost controls, 100% self-sufficiency of silicon sand, more than 90% self-sufficiency of floating glass, and higher annual rates of Māori than competitive (4) R & D investment. Corporate R & D costs were 4.2% in 21 years, and R & D costs were 0.9% respectively.
The industrial chain layout is complete. Currently, the company ' s auto glass overseas capacity includes 5.5 million units in the United States, 1.3 million units in Russia, 33.5 million units in 12 bases in the country, distributed in more than 10 cities across the country, with a capacity utilization rate of 80% per year.
On the other hand, since 2003, silicon sand mines have been established in Hainan, Hunan, Liaoning, etc., and the Government has been largely self-sustaining: since 2005, it has built a floating glass line, which currently has nine floating glass lines in the country, and two in the United States, with a total self-sufficiency rate of more than 90%. Companies have accumulated a vertically integrated production capacity that contributes to the stability of the supply chain and improves profitability.
Cost controls are strong. The original auxiliary material in the car glass (floating glass, pvb film, other accessories), manufacturing costs, labour costs are higher at 63%, 17%, 15%, respectively, and the company has a clear advantage over its competitors abroad in terms of manufacturing and labour costs. In the floating glass cost structure, the original package (pure alkaline, silicon sand, other ingredients) is 32%.
The silicon sand company has achieved self-sufficiency, with a 27% drop in the price of pure alkaline from its peak in October 2021 to the present; the cost of manufacturing has fallen by 26%, with maritime prices having fallen by 22% since its peak in October 2021; energy costs have fallen by 31%, and gas prices have fallen by 17% since its peak in September 2021.
Good, profit margins are positive. Figure 22: Cost structure of car glass (2021) Figure 23: Mid-price of the national market for high-quality pure alkaline ($/t)
In 2019, with the impact of the downside and the new crown epidemic in the automobile industry, the competitor industry has been shrinking, and companies have steadily increased their share of the market based on a stable supply chain and cost advantage. According to a caliber of delivery, the company ' s share of the global market was 31% in 2021, with a year-on-year ratio of 3 pp and a year-on-year global first position.
The company’s position in the industry has been growing since 2021, when it first overstepped Xinzi to become the world’s leading car glass manufacturer. Taken together, the company is competitive and is expected to increase its market share further in the future, assuming that the share of high-value-added products will rise in 2025, leading to a steady increase in the share of high-value-added products.
Intelligentity drives a new industrial upgrading of car glass. Car glass is an important safety device for cars, bearing the image of the car as a whole. The structure and function of car glass seems simple, but the car glass industry has been in the process of upgrading since the advent of the automobile industry.
The use of glass has risen from an average of 2.2 square metres to 4.2 square metres, nearly doubling the area used. At the moment, under the new trend of a new quadrant into a car industry, the car market has entered a new phase of diversified demand and optimized structure, the penetration rate of new energy vehicles has increased, intelligent cars have also started to move into popular applications, and cars are no longer a simple vehicle, but a simple vehicle.
Mobile smart terminals shift. More and more new technologies are integrated into car glass, imposing new requirements on car glass, pushing it towards “safe comfort, energy-efficient environmental protection, beautiful fashion, smart integration”, intelligent landscape skyscrapers, glass-up, light-up glass, heating glass, etc., rising value-added products such as car glass industry.
High-value-added products account for a steady increase in the share of high-value-added products. Companies continue to increase their R & D inputs, and technological reserves are abundant, with intelligent skyglasses, radiable glass, glass-showing up, ultra-separated glass, light-quantifiable ultra thin glass, membrane-plus, hot glass, bottled glass, hate glass, etc. The share of high-value-added products continued to rise.
+1.72/+2.64/+3.31 pp. The share of high-value-added products has increased steadily in asp, with company car glass in #21: the most significant contribution from #car glass. The car window has gone through the evolution of the skylights -- small skylights -- panoramic skylights. The traditional small skylights usually have only one piece of glass for front row passengers, with one-car glass covering about one-way.
0.2-0.6 square metres, or about $100; panoramic windows, which can be covered in front and back rows, typically two glasses, open and unopenable, with a total of about 0.5-1.2 square metres of glass on a bicycle, and a total of about $300-800 and a total of more than $3,000 on the roof of the panoramic windows; panoramic glass, which is a special panoramic window, which is unopenable and unopenable.
Inch, with a glass size of about 1-2 square meters, a plating, radiating, etc., can add up to $1,500-2000, the most significant contribution to the glass. The skylight glass is expected to penetrate faster in the future. From a consumer's perspective, the skyglass enhances the sense of driving and the interior.
Secondary and in-car visions, ventilation, small vehicle types can also pull up space in visualally and reduce stress or restraint, reducing structural noises and leaks compared to the panorama window; from the point of view of the vehicle, the skyscreen glass does not need to drive complex structural elements such as modules, drainage systems, transmission systems, etc., making integration difficult and reducing the overall cost of the roof by more than 50 per cent.
There is a strong willingness to promote the plant; from the point of view of the car glass supplier, there has been a significant increase in the value of the bicycle attachment, and the traditional skylights are glass, the plant is supplied to the skylights, the factory is re-supplied to the main plant, while during the skylight glass age, the glass manufacturer was able to supply the cargo directly to the main plant, from tier2 to tier1, which will effectively improve profitability and supply chain status, which is described as an arrow and glass.
The company is the global champion of skyglasses. Tesla is the world’s first vehicle to use a panorama glass. With the national product model3 on the market in 2020, an increasing number of autonomous car companies are beginning to follow suit, with a total of 11 entries in 20 years.
The new car uses skyglasses, 26 in 21 years, especially with higher penetration rates in new energy vehicles. The skyglasses can be integrated with climate lamps, heat insulation, sound insulation, solar light, etc., and drive ever-increasing volumes of bicycles. According to sales, the domestic skyglass penetration rate was only 2.3% in 2020, rising to 6.4% in 21 years, assuming that the domestic skyglasses will be in 2025 and 2030.
The penetration rate was 24%, 50%, with new energy using 55%, 70%, and conventional fuel vehicles 8%, 65%, 37%, and rapid. The company was the global champion of skyglass, with the city now in absolute leadership, supplied to major brands such as Biadi, Lugger, Volvo, Ford, Wally, Gilly, with the industry as a whole.
Hud (headupdisplay), referred to as head-up/ level-up monitors/parallel displays, refers to speed, temperature, alarm messages, audio messages, navigational information, road information.
Hud was first used in military combat aircraft for only a decade or so in the area of motor vehicles. Hud was divided into three main categories by way of projection. Early c-hud (combinehud), combo-up.
Using mirror imaging, projection medium based on translucency resin above the dashboard, screen size, distance displaying glass system) using optical reflection, the windshield was formerly a projection medium, showing a more integrated effect, with a much better range, projection distance, and so on. But it needs to be matched with a high degree of accuracy, non-spheric reverse, according to the size and curvature of the windshield.
Aar-hud (augmentedrealityhud) is still a projection medium for windshields, but it adds an arc technology to the w-hud, with a clear range of projectors, clarity and content, which allows for more dynamic, real-time displays of driving information, better visual experience and more interactive humans.
Figure 35: c-hud Figure 36: W-hud in the short term is the mainstream mode. From the point of view, the function of anar-hud and the existing LCD dashboards are large.
To the same extent, but with a marked improvement in ease, safety, and even the possibility of replacing LCDs in the future, an attempt is being made to remove the traditional dashboard design from the ideal 1.9, which is about to be marketed this year. But for now, anar-hud has a longer, more costly research and development cycle, which will require a stronger accounting back-up for the next three to five years.
The company’s w-hud product has largely covered mainstream cars. According to high-intelligence data, the penetration rate of the country’s hud in 2020 was about 4%, 21q1-3 to 5.4%, with W-hud accounting for 90%, c-hud for 7%, and ar-hud for 7%.
For glass manufacturers, the price of ordinary front windshields is about $200, the price of front windshields integrated into w-hud, and the price of ar-hud functions is about $500 and $1,000, respectively, and the asp will increase several times. The company ' s w-hud product has largely covered mainstream car companies, such as BMW, Audi, the general public, general, etc.
The automobile industry, as one of the backbone industries of the major economies, has become one of the priority sectors for emissions management. According to the Chinese Auto-engineering Institute, energy efficiency and new energy efficiency is one of the key sectors.
The country’s car industry is expected to reach its peak in 2028 and 20% below the peak in 2035. Light quantification is an important means of achieving the double carbon target in the automobile industry, which, according to estimates, saves 0.5l fuel per kilometer by 100 kg of vehicle weight, and 10% and 20% by 20% by 2035.
In addition, energy efficiency rose by 3.3% and 5% respectively. New-energy vehicle weight cuts were even more significant for energy consumption, with 10% and 20% for electric vehicles, with 6.3% and 9.5%, respectively. Companies have achieved a combination of ultra thin functions.
The main means of contributing are the light quantification of steel glass (floating yield below 2.6 mm using special steel processes) and of laminated glass (substitution of the inner glass of the laminate layer with a thin chemical glass of 0.7 mm thick) and the reduction of the total fuel consumption by 0.03l/100km, and carbon dioxide emissions by 0.8g/km. The demand for double-bed soundproof glass continues to increase.
In the context of the growing importance of ultra thin glass, which minimizes the weight increase while achieving soundproofing targets, the company has now achieved the integration of doorglass and windshields, with major clients including Biadi, Tesla, etc., as compared to other collections that have been successful in increasing the value of the product. As technology develops, other functions that can be integrated on the car glass are also added to the product.
More and more, such as water aversion, insulation, heating, sound insulation, modulation, solar energy, climate lights, antennas, etc., continue to improve vehicle body testing and raise the value of bicycles. The company’s leading position in automobile glass industry technology allows it to gain more opportunities for full price increases. Insulation glass: a maximum of 10°C, a 50% reduction in air conditioner usage, a reduction in fuel consumption of about 3% and a reduction in fuel consumption.
Ultraviolet damage to car interiors extends the useful life. These include plating thermal reflections (using magnetic control vacuum splating technology, plating metal compound membranes on the surface of the car glass at a depth of 50-300 nm thick on 9-20 floors, reflecting solar energy), pvb membranes (more than incorporating in pvb membranes heat absorption by inhaling particles or adding a special thermal refraction membrane to general pvb to reflect solar energy).
Low-radiation/low-e (the internal glass uses a special coating that reduces heat exchange inside and outside the vehicle), super uv+ircut (the organic-inorganic magnesium layer that absorbs infrared and insulated UV on the inner surface of the glass). Generally speaking, plating can increase the price by about 50-100%. The insulation glass has been supplied to brands such as americ, Gilly, and Chang An.
Heated glass: rapid removal of frost, fog, snow, ice, improved visibility and safety of driving. These include fuses (the tungsten sheeting of 0.018-0.033 mm diameter on the pvb film, heating glass by tungsten wire), plating (later metal-coated diaphragm, even heating of the glass as a whole). Supply is made to Luggers, BMW, the general population, Audi, etc.
Soundproof glass: Inserting high-denomination in pvb, reducing external noise, making internal communication clearer and driving more comfortable. More and more cars are now using two layers of soundproof glass at a cost of three to four times that of ordinary glass. Supply has been made to large, common, Audi, Mercedes, Toyota, Honda, Ford, Madhuda, Wall, Gilly, etc.
Lighting glass: used to enhance user experience to ensure privacy. These include pdlc films (inserting a pdlc membrane between two glass pieces, placing voltage on the end of the induction, changing the lens's permeability of particles in the pdlc membranes in a certain direction by regulating the voltage), heat-transformation colours (functional particles spread within pvb, transparent under constant temperatures, light-heating or heating, colourless function after heat or heat).
Solar glass: Add solar cell components to the glass, and when the semiconductor pn closes on the solar luminous battery, there will be voltage on both sides of the pn knot, generate currents, and the solar cell will start working, providing energy for the vehicle.
Reducing fuel consumption. But, given the selection of solar cell chips, technical difficulties, high cost, etc., solar energy is expected to be used relatively in large-scale applications of skylights. Solar glass has been supplied to small pap5 for about $5,000, which is the most valuable feature of the current skyscreen glass.
Animosity of water glass: The use of soluble gel to form a thin film of fluorinated compounds on the surface of the glass, to increase the link of the glass to the water, to reach the tentacles, to slip quickly, to raise the visibility of rain-drilling vehicles and to have a clearer view. Supplying vehicles such as Lugger Light, Lugger Discovery, Volvos80, etc.
The atmosphere lights glass: allows the atmosphere in the car to be softer and gives the passengers visual enjoyment at night.
2.3 The industrial chain extends horizontally, the product matrix expands, and there is a large market space for aluminium beads.
According to the International Association of Aluminium Industries, we can expect 250 kg of aluminium in individual cars in 2030, and there is still much room for greater penetration in the aluminium alloy market. The value of aluminium bars is about $800 to $1,000.
The company completes the entire industry of the aluminum bars, with clear synergies with the carbs, and enhances modular supply capacity. The company acquired German aluminum stripsam at the beginning of 2019, breaking through the European market, sam and others, including the general public, Porsche, BMW, Ben.
In 19/20, Sam lost €37.71 million/$280 million, expected to continue to lose for 21 years, the level of integration continued after the acquisition of the company, business gradually improved, and sam was expected to continue to lose until profit as the volume and capacity of hand orders increased.
Sam has the key technology for surface treatment of aluminium aluminium apparel - the aluceram porcelain coating process patent, which reasonably controls the thickness of the membrane to prevent corrosion resistantness due to the thinning of the membrane or the cracking of the membrane; the completion of the whole industry chain layout of the aluminum aluminium in conjunction with the condensed aluminum, the trio of Jiangsu and the modularization of the car glass.
In terms of capacity, with the completion of the second production line in Dipfok Qing this year, and next year ' s two production lines in Suzhou, the total production line will reach 6 in the country and 2 abroad by the end of 23, creating a good synergy with the main gas industry. The photovoltaic sector is growing rapidly.
Among them, photovoltaic power has the greatest potential for growth and, with technological advances and industrial integration, the cost of photovoltaic power is still falling. Space is likely to achieve full side price parity by 2025, driving further increases in the rate of return on photovoltaic power projects, with an average annual load of over 100 gw and 15gw over 180gw projected for the 10-45 period. As global carbon reduction targets are achieved, new energy sources are expected to increase.
The share of electricity generation has gradually increased, the global photovoltaic industry has grown in scope and climate, and it is expected that by 2030, the industry will have formally entered the cagrès luminous glass track and will have started supplying photovoltaic floats and backboard glass. Compared to the traditional single-bond components, the double-bond component will decline, live long and be highly efficient, with current penetration rates of only 30%, and is expected to rise to 50% in 23 years, and the company will float glass.
It is less difficult to convert a glass made from flat steel treatment into a white superplate backboard glass, which is less difficult to convert than a straight line, and which is more profitable than selling floating glass outside, promising to open up new market space. In 21 years, US factories as a whole collected $3.9 billion, compared to +19.7%, with a net profit of $273 million, and are expected to perform better this year.
3.1 With regard to robust operations, which are highly relevant to industry sales, corporate revenue fell by 5.7 per cent in the same year in 2020, mainly due to the impact of the epidemic on downstream demand, and global vehicle sales grew mainly as a result of: (1) higher average sales prices for higher value-added products; and (2) strong growth in automobile glass operations.
In terms of profits, the continued decline in net corporate profits in 19-20 years was mainly due to the recession in the automobile industry and the loss during the consolidation of the German sam car apparel project. The increase in industry climate was the result of a 21% increase in corporate net profits in 2021.
Faster. Net profits of 22q1 companies increased by 1.9 to 870 million yuan on a year-on-year basis, with profit ends increasing at a significantly lower rate than revenue ends, mainly as a result of higher shipping costs and lower Māori rates as a result of higher raw materials prices. 3.2 Sales/management costs have decreased and R&D costs have remained stable.
The efficiency gains of the company over the past two years have shown that the ratio of management/sales costs to 2021 has fluctuated significantly over the same years, mainly because of the company ' s relatively high share of overseas operations, which accounted for 48.4 per cent in 2021, the currency exchange losses resulting from exchange rate fluctuations have had a greater impact on financial costs, and the year-round exchange losses have been equal to +110 million, which is currently in the United States.
The dollar entered the interest-added cycle and the dollar was strong, and exchange losses are expected to decrease significantly over 22 years. 3.3 Profitability is in the middle and solvency is better.
-3.6 pp, mainly due to the adjustment of accounting standards, to change the cost of transportation and routine repairs of fixed assets related to inventory from the original crediting period to the operating cost, with a retroactive accounting adjustment for the year 2020, the Māori rate for the same period of the previous year being 36.5 per cent and the 21-year ratio -0.6 pp, maintaining basic stability, with the increase in shipping costs affecting the Māori rate - 0.98pp, pure base price
In terms of net interest rates, the company ' s Māori rate was significantly ahead of the overseas car glass company in comparison with the net interest rate, which was affected by the decline in Māori rates in 2019, the increase in United States tariffs, and the consolidation of sam, but lower than the domestic comparable firm ' s belief glass in the main market.
Figure 65: Comparison of comparable rates of corporate mobility Scenario 1: Benefiting from an increase in the rate of intelligent penetration, increasing the share of high-value-added products, such as skyscreen glass, hud glass, with mitigation of adverse factors, such as an epidemic, a shortage of chips, rising prices of raw materials and maritime transport, and progressive profitability of companies
On the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of sub-operational income of the company for 2022-2024, as follows: we use the fcfe valuation method to make absolute valuations.
Risk-free rate of interest: 10-year rate of return on the maturity of the public debt; 2) beta coefficient: approximation of the non-leveraging beta coefficient of the company as opposed to 300 indexes of depth since its listing; 3) effective rate of tax: 15 per cent.
We have selected the four companies that are closest to Fukuoka in the industry, namely, glass (South Boa) and intelligence, 23 times the average per year. Four of the best sights for the future are: 1) the global van glass industry, which benefits from the advantages of cost and industry chains, with a rising share of global markets; and (2) higher value-added products, with companies delivering the rest of the product.
Upgrade, elasticity; 3) Disruption of the epidemic, shortage of chips, rising prices of raw materials and maritime transport, and gradual recovery of corporate profitability; 4) synergies between the aluminum industry and the major industry, with improved overseas factories gradually reducing losses. In conjunction with the valuation of the label company and the business layout and expansion of the current glazing glass, the company was given 30 times the speed of 2022.
(i) The risk of epidemic proliferation. The whole car has a long chain of industry and a large number of spare parts suppliers. If an outbreak results in the shutdown or reduction of one or more spare parts suppliers as a result of regulation, the overall rate of growth in the automobile industry will be affected, which will affect the company's (2) risk of chip shortage.
As a result of the impact on the supply of certain types of car-grade chips, the overall growth rate in the automobile industry will be affected, thus affecting the risks of corporate output (3) that globalization will not expand as expected. If the global epidemic slows down, industries return to normal growth rates, rivals abroad recover, and companies face the risk of increased competition in the market, resulting in less than expected expansion of globalization.
(4) The risk of higher than expected prices of raw materials. The company’s main raw materials include pure alkaline, silicon sand, pvb membrane, natural gas, etc., and if the prices of raw materials increase significantly, there is a risk that the company’s profits will be eroded. (5) High-value-added products are less well-positioned than expected.
(vii) Risks of overseas operations. The Aluminium sam assets acquired by companies in 2019 are in a consolidation period, compounding the effects of the epidemic, sustained losses in operations, and there is a risk of continued losses if they do not work properly in the future.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.