The business matrix expands the drive speed.
In 2022, the company made its first breakthrough of 10 billion dollars, new project orders, Lew Woo Peaks, annual sales of $20 billion. The company has maintained its leading role in intelligent driving, smart cabins.
The client structure is optimized year by year, with core client groups including mainstream autonomous brand clients, joint venture customers and overseas customers, and gradually opening up high-end brand markets and overseas markets.
The company’s core business is growing. The smart cabin business accounts for $11,755 million, an increase of 47.97 per cent over the same year, the new project orders are selling over $10 billion annually, and the third generation of high-performance smart class products have been scaled up.
A new project is now in place for a new generation of higher-performance, generation four-generation smart cabin systems. Smart driving businesses collect 2,571 million yuan, an increase of 83.07 per cent, new project orders close to $8 billion a year, high-calculation. Platform ipu04 has achieved mass production on ideal, pelican cars, and a large number of hand orders will be placed.
Quantity delivery, lightweight intelligent driving domain controller ipu02 is expected to pick up rapidly, high-definition cameras, adas cameras have been scaled up, millimetre-popular radars, bsd radars are being used in multiple clients, 4d and the national production radar programme have completed the industrial technology layout, 5g+v2xt-box+
The smart antenna program has successfully achieved mass production on high-voltage, red flags, etc. The network services cover operations such as ota, blue whales, cyber security, with $660 million, an increase of 174.94%.
Physical domain controllers, equipped with body control features such as keyless access and start-up, smart air conditioners, electric tail doors, smart tire pressure, smart seat 1, Dexie Vit: Maintenance of high-volume chairs, rain and scraping controls, smart car lights, window clips, back-to-back radar, etc.
Keep an eye on the high-level intellectual driving product. 2022-10-27. Weight Traffic Technology Ltd. has been set up to focus on the high speed of intelligence, the exchange of wisdom, intelligent means of delivery, the city.
City lanes, in coordination with four major business scenes, are currently on the side of the road communications unit rsu, traffic incident detection radar, border calculation module mec, tunnel radar visual integration machine, v2x+rtk simple obu, vehicle vehicle handling intelligence 3, Texas 2021 and 2022
Seven products, such as terminal and bus 5gv2x smart gateways, have been released.
The sales volume of 37982,59066 .ipu04 auxiliaries, peng9 and ideal l9/l8, respectively, was 6373/38973/15482. The company’s high-level smart-driving domain controller product has accumulated more than 10 project locations for mainstream cars, which will be loaded on ideal, peng, flying vans, etc. in 2023, and is expected to be distributed in 2023.
Auto-intelligent penetration is not as high as expected, company customers are not selling as much as expected, high-level auto-drives are falling short of expectations, industry competition patterns are changing, and chips are scarce.
Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. Any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is invalid.
Investors should not simply rely on this report to replace their own independent judgement, and should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any investment decisions and capital decisions made by investors on that basis