Business income out of $10 billion, R & D driving rapid growth, annual report ratings for 2022, fast growth, revenue breaking the $10 billion mark for the first time.
Millions of dollars, an increase of 26.24 per cent in the same year. By branch of business, smart cabin operations achieved revenue of 11,755 million.
In 2022, the size of the company's smart cabin product and the annual sales of new projects were more than 10 billion. The third generation of high-performance smart cabins have already produced large volumes of product and have acquired a large number of new vehicles, including the long Anfoot, the Biadey, and the other vehicles.
In 2022, the company's information and entertainment system acquired a platform order for Toyota, Hiroshima and Toyota; the screen project broke through white-point clients like vulkswagen, suzuki, and East Wind Nissan, with a first double of 23.6 inches.
"Study of the State Dollar Securities Corporation - Multi-screened Miniled 2022 " , 3-quarterly report points: performance continues to grow rapidly and products accelerate their appearance.
Intelligent driving is growing fast, keeping the industry in the lead. New 2022.10.28 In smart driving domain controllers, the size of the company's output is in the forefront of the domestic market, and the product matrix is going to be over.
The high-calculus platform ipu04 has been scaled up on customers such as ideal cars.
Quantities, with a large number of hand-held orders, which will be matched by production volumes; Lightweight Smart Field Controls 2022.08.20 ipu02 will introduce more new programmes suitable for the medium-to-high-to-medium-priced inter-area pattern in the domestic car market
The biggest segment of the market, coupled with a rapid increase in domestic penetration of class-I2, class-I plus adas products, is expected to see a rapid surge in the company’s light-weight smart-driving domain controllers. The company has gained market leadership in sensors and t-box products, with high-definition cameras and adas cameras already in place.
Quantified mass production, millimetre-popular radars, bsd radars are used in multiple client production volumes, 4d and national product Geng military RADAR programme completed industrial technology layout: 5g+v2xt-box+ smart antenna programme is well under way
The company is one of the leading mobile technology companies in the world and is committed to becoming a leader in future change.
In the context of major changes in the automobile industry, there is considerable scope for companies to grow. 2023 - The risk of changes in the macroeconomic environment and industry: the risk of loss of human resources: the risk of technological research and development: the risk of increased competition in the market.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.