Automobile spare parts iii Dessehway (0029220.sz) 27 April 2023, company report for the first quarter of 2023, q1 achieving operating income
3,983 million yuan, i.e. +26.80 per cent; net return to mothers ($331 million, i.e., +3.92 per cent, i.e., withholdings affected by the weakness of the automobile industry and a quarter-by-quarter performance burden. The q1 automobile industry was under overall pressure in 2023, mainly due to the combination of a half-per-cent discount on vehicle purchase tax and a new energy vehicle subsidy policy at the end of 2022.
In 2023, q1 cars were sold to 621.0 million and the main clients of the cabin business, including the Great Wall, the Upper Gas, and the First Car, showed a certain decline in sales, with the highest/minimum (in yuan) recorded in the year:
There has also been a decline in the sales of the new flag of power, which is the backbone of the business, and the decline in sales has resulted in the circulation of a share/total equity (millions): there are sufficient hand orders and there is no fear of future growth. According to the company ' s annual report 2022, new project orders are disclosed.
\triangleright is over $20 billion a year, of which nearly $8 billion is in smart driving business, and there are plenty of orders. As the industry improves and car smart motors accelerate, we expect the company to be able to sustain itself in the future.
For new clients, in 2022, the company expanded the Porsche, Jaguar Road Rover, suzuki, polar kryptonite, etc., and obtained orders from a number of mainstream car companies, such as the Changan Car, Biadi, and the Upper Gas Group. The third generation of high-quality, intelligent cabin products have been scaled up, and new ones have been acquired in the long Anfort, Gilly, Biadi, etc.
The company's smart driving industry has maintained a leading industry in terms of technology and volume of production, and the high-calculation platform ipu04 has been idealised.
(b) The 5g+v2xt-box+ smart antenna programme has successfully reached the scale of the upper-airline, red flag, etc.
Month, the company successfully incubated its mass-producing vehicle domain controller, with keyless access and start-up, smart air conditioning, electrical tailings, smart tire pressure, smart seating, rain scratch control, smart car lights, window clips, back-to-back mines, etc.
Toyota’s office, the preparation of a Mexican factory, and the internationalization strategy are accelerating. With a safe, comfortable, and efficient whole-of-the-way solution, companies are expected to open up the global market.
We adjust profit projections, the core chip supply, the increase in vehicle market sales at a slower rate than expected, and the new customer's orders are not matched by a reasonable basis. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I did not, for no reason, nor would I be prompted by the specific recommendations in this report.
The opinion or opinion is in any form directly or indirectly compensated.