Desecway's high performance growth, the rapid release of cabins and intelligent driving products, a net profit of $1.18 billion for shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 42.1 per cent in the same year, a gain of $2.15 per share.
In 2022, the company managed to collect $14.93 billion, an increase of 44.6 per cent, mainly as a result of higher staff and salary expenditures, and an increase of 660.8 per cent in financial costs.
This is mainly due to loss on exchange and increased interest payments; an increase of 65.0 per cent in R & D costs over the year, mainly due to higher expenditure on R & D personnel and remuneration; and a decrease of 0.1 pct over the same year for four rates. Significant increases in revenue, a small decrease in M & A rates and a decrease in cost rates, with a 42.1 per cent increase in net return profits over the year.
The net profit from maternity increased by 43.9% on a year-on-year basis, with business in the company ' s cabins and smart driving, revenue and industry, product matrices continuously improving, and the scale of business rapidly increasing.
$M. The annual sales of the smart cabin operations and new project orders have exceeded 10 billion, the third generation of high-performance smart class products have been scaled up, and the fourth generation smart-class system has acquired a new project location. The smart-barrel covers multiple levels of low-quantity high-value value to high-performance, product-required.
Smart driving sales and the size of new project orders are on the rise, the total market value (million yuan) is about $8 billion a year, and the high-calculation platform ipu04 is rich in hand orders, and it's already under control.
Three-month average daily turnover (million yuan) wants to achieve mass production, such as automobiles; the lightweight intelligent domain controller ipu02 will continue to launch a new formula, suitable for medium- to high-priced inter-area models. In addition, the company’s new product will continue to be launched in 2023.
The company’s internationalization strategy continues.
Important new projects have broken new ground, using market prices as a standard on March 31, 2023, as major car markets in Europe, North America, Japan, South-East Asia, etc. In 2022, companies built a second factory for European companies, new ones.
Toyota City Office, Japan, has been set up, and Mexican factories have been set up. The global service system has been improving, laying the foundation for subsequent performance growth.
In view of the smooth pace of business, such as the cabin and the smart drive, we have a small upward profit forecast, and we expect the company, Desecway: q4's slightly over-expected performance, the domain controllers, and so on.
1) Motor sales are less than expected; 2) increased competition in the market; 3) rising pressure on raw materials.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.