A season of good performance, innovation and seafall growth.
In the first quarter of 2023, companies achieved operating income of 3,983 million yuan, an increase of 26.80 per cent over the same period; achieved a net return of 331 million yuan, an increase of 3.92 per cent over the same period; and achieved a net non-return gain of 291 million yuan, a decrease of 5.48 per cent over the same period. In 2023, the domestic car market was under pressure, with increased competition over prices, squeezing the profit margins of upstream suppliers.
As domestic car intelligence leaders, customers and orders continue to break through, and there are prospects for development. We maintain corporate profitability and competitive downstream markets, with firm investment in research and development that can generate high-quality growth.
Technology development, and industry pressure firms are expected to strengthen the technological edge of their products and further expand their market share.
According to the Federation, Chinese cars exported 1,069,000 vehicles in January-March 2023, an increase of 54 per cent over the previous year, exports in March 2023, an increase of 89 per cent, and domestic car intelligence, which is already at the forefront of the world, as well as the supply of good local smart parts.
At the Shanghai Car Fair, the company launched a smart travel solution 2.0, which includes car-mounted central computing platforms icpaurora, ar-hud, ultra-low-timecms, etc., allowing passengers to have a full-scale intellectual experience of vision, hearing, touching, smelling, and feeling.
Intelligent pods continue to create extreme experiences, and autopilots are in the pre-landing night. And, as fire grows, artificial intelligence can accelerate car intelligence progress, and companies are expected to take advantage of the industry to further strengthen their leadership.
Power shows a small and medium volume update.
"Expected Income, Smart Motors Without Fear, Accelerating Industrial Volatility - Update of Small and Medium Disk Information."