Dessahway (002920/sz): The size of the collection went beyond 100 Dessahway (0029220.sz) incident: the company published its annual report for 2022, and in 2022 it achieved a revenue of $14.93 billion, the same amount.
Lu Kamin's harvest is down 10 billion and q4 is up. The company's annual income is $14.93 billion, 56.1% higher than that, and the mother's net profit is $1,184 million, +42.1%.
Compare-1.7 pct; Māori fluctuations due mainly to higher direct material costs; net interest rate of 10.8%; and higher expenditure on research and development personnel and remuneration.
117.56 billion yuan, an increase of 47.97 per cent in the same year, and a Māori rate of 21.34 per cent, a ratio of 3.28 ptt. The company ' s third-generation smart cabin system achieved a mass-scale production with 22 years of new Biadi, Gilly, Hirondelle, and Long Antford Principals.
The five-generation central computing-form module system has been launched. We believe that, as a partner, the company is expected to take the lead on the central computing product based on chip advantage, achieve revolutionary technological leaps, and expect new products, new clients, to continue to raise the size of the company's smart cabin operations.
Smart driving performance has increased, and high-level product scale production is expected to increase profitability. In 22 years, the company smart driving business generated $2.57 billion, compared to +83.1 per cent and Māori to 21.51 per cent, and ISP services and other businesses generated $606 million, an increase of 174.9 per cent.
The driver's ipu04 has produced a lot of product in hand and orders. The company's lightweight smart driver's ipu02 will launch more new programs, and the product matrix will cover more arithmetical areas and will be expected to match medium to medium high prices in the domestic car market in the future.
We expect that products such as domain controllers, sensors, t-boxes, etc. will continue to contribute to the rapid growth in the size of corporate smart driving, while corporate smart driving is expected to increase its profitability as high-level domain control product regulations are modeled.
In January 2023, the company was successfully hatched.
\triangleright, building 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in the West Side of Beijing City, mass vehicle control devices, integrated peps, smart air conditioning, electric tail doors, etc.
Yes, the 2.0 platform is in the R & D phase. A highly integrated hardware program can simplify the assembly of whole car parts and components, thereby reducing the length of wire beams and reducing the weight of the whole vehicle. The company is actively engaged in the development and development of new product lines, consistent with the lightly quantified trend of new energy vehicles, which will help to give new energy vehicles access to one.
The stock of new orders is sufficient, and overseas operations continue to break through. With the company ' s ipu04 high-calculable area controlled product volume, the acquisition of new orders has accelerated further, with 22 years of annual sales of new company orders.
We think that there's enough new orders to help build up the company's performance. The company's overseas business is going well, with $1.11 billion in 22 years, compared to +42.0%.
In 22 years, the company completed the construction of the second European factory, the creation of the Toyota City Office in Japan, the organization of the Mexican factory, the acquisition of atc, as a follow-up to the t-box+smart antenna programme.
Applying the technology base to open up the future growth space of the company. Profit forecast: the company is the leader of the smart cabin industry, has a pre-emptive advantage in the field of intelligent driving, \triangleright
The joint business map continues to expand, with high quality and high orders on hand, and is expected to benefit directly from intelligence risk factors: volatile prices of raw materials, less than expected outbreak relief, less than anticipated sales of supporting vehicles \triangleright \triangleright
Figure 2: Corporate net profit per year / year-on-year increase in corporate profits / year-on-year increase in corporate net profit per quarter / year-on-year increase in corporate profits / year-on-year increase
Figure 6: Quarterly rates for companies, first place in the 2018 Gold Cow Award, second place in the 2020 New Wealth Award, fourth core member in the 2020 New Wave Golden Valium team. Four years of research experience in the automobile industry, which is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities.
Technology Center and Joaquin Securities, one year ' s work experience in automobile companies + two years ' research experience in the automobile industry. Covers the entire car, Tesla ' s industrial chain, electric power, Cao Jie, Sunda ' s research assistant in the automobile industry, M.A. in Economics, B.A. in Engineering, Beijing University of Technology, smart cars, motor networks, new driving forces, etc.
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVM has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.