Computer software development, collection up to the new steps and adequate orders to support continued high performance.
56.05 per cent; net profit on mother ' s return of $1,184 million, or 42.13 per cent over the same period; high growth in the three main lines of activity, prompting income to rise to a new level. In 2022, company revenues continued to increase, and income levels broke through the $10 billion mark for the first time.
The income from cabin operations grew by 47.97 per cent over the same period, with revenues exceeding $10 billion; the intelligent driving industry, with new products and new customers, continued to break through. Large orders to support companies continued to rise. In 2022, companies broke through new customers like Porsche, Jaguar Road Rover, suzuki, Seet, Tarkone, and so on.
Total equity/flow (million shares)
Aero-Eyan, Chiré, Up-Board, a red flag, ideal cars, pelican cars, 1 12-month maximum/minimum gas population, up-scaling population, Toyota, Toyota, Toyota, Toyota, Volkswagen, Volkswagen, Volkswagen
Toyota, skoda, mazda, Ford, and many other mainstream cars.
There has been substantial progress in the opening of the Japanese market. The company’s new project orders are worth $20 billion a year in sales sales.
The company issues a roadside communication unit, rsu, traffic incident detection radar, edge computing unit mec, tunnel radar visual integration machine, v2x+rtk easy-to-use obu, vehicle-car-car smart end, bus 5gv2x smart gateway seven products. In January 2023, the company hatched successfully.
The company’s growing product lines will strongly support the company’s long-term growth in the future. Investment advice: the company is a leading car-smart track business, a smart cabin, and a smart driver.
Together, the three main operations of online services maintained high performance growth, with sufficient hand orders, ps 2.93, 4.00 and 5.11, respectively, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is as follows:
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the purchase of the securities in question. I, the company and its employees, are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report