iii. Desailawe (00292.sz)
Auto-intelligent speed-led companies continued to grow at a high rate of +26.24 per cent. Of these, q4 achieved operating income of $4.82 billion in a single season, +47.62 per cent in a single season; net profit on maternity was $492 million, +43.92 per cent in a single year; net profit on non-retroactivity was $383 million in a single season, +43.92 per cent in a single year.
(b) Market data: On April 3, 2023, the new project order was over $20 billion, and the new journey began. According to the branch, the company started in 2022.
In smart cabins, smart driving, network services and other operations, 11,755 million yuan, the highest/lowest income in 25.71 years, respectively: of which smart cabin operations and smart driving operations accounted for 78.7 per cent of the total year's operating income, respectively.
Market value of a share in circulation (billions): Long postures. The company ' s 2022 new project orders, which are worth over $20 billion a year, include nearly $8 billion in smart driving operations, sufficient orders, smart in the next few years.
The driving industry is expected to drive high growth in corporate performance. The company ' s Māori rate and net interest rate decreased slightly in the same year in 2022, with a marked improvement in the cost rate at q4.
Zhang is continuing to break through key clients, constantly refining the product matrix, exploring and incubating new lines of business and accelerating the process.
In 2022, companies expanded their customers to include Porsche, Jaguar Lugger, Suzuki, Krypton, etc., and obtained orders for new mainstream vehicles, such as the Changan Car, Biadi, and the Upload Group. Third-generation high-performance smart cabin products have been scaled up, and new ones have been created.
The company’s smart driving business maintains a leading industry in terms of skill levels and volume of production, a high-calculation platform, ipu04 has achieved mass production on ideal cars, and a lightweight-level smart-driving domain controller.
ipu02 will introduce more new programmes to fit the largest segment of the market for low-to-high-middle-to-high-priced inter-area models in the domestic car market; the 5g+v2xt-box+smart antenna programme has successfully achieved volume-based production on upper gas, red flags, etc., and will acquire the country ' s top Oem multi-carrying operations in 2022.
In January 2023, the company succeeded in incubating a mass-producing body area controller with no key entry and start-up, smart air conditioning, electric tailings, smart tire pressure, smart seating, rain scratch control, smart car lights, window clips, reverse radar, etc. At the same time, the company built European company’s second factory, new body control.
The internationalization strategy has accelerated with the creation of an additional Toyota City office in Japan and the preparation of a Mexican factory. A series of forward-looking R & D and strategic layouts are expected to keep companies up to date with the best competition in the industry in the coming years.
\triangleright’s products are being released, internationalized strategies are being improved, and profits are expected to continue to grow at a high rate in the coming years. We adjust the company’s profit forecast to a net profit forecast for 2023-2025.
The geopolitical impact core chip supply is inadequate; the market for downstream cars is less than expected; and the new customer is a reasonable basis. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for in any way, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I have undertaken not to use my identity, status or the trust that I have in the practice.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.