Corporate rating report — high performance in the securities industry, strong management advantage Eastern securities (600958.sh)
The performance of Wuping Ping was excellent, with net profit growth exceeding 90 per cent of the operating income of the 90,021 companies, which was 24,370 million yuan, or 5.34 per cent, compared with the previous year; the return to the mother ' s net profit was 5,371 million yuan, or 97.26 per cent;
Credit impairment losses add to the co-benefits of near-double net profit growth. In 2021, corporate wealth management transitions deepened, with the result that capital markets continued to grow, markets turned to active, and corporate revenue from brokerage continued to grow. In 2021, companies achieved net revenue from brokering operations.
36.17 billion yuan, an increase of 38.00 per cent in the same year; 1.74 per cent in the city of revenue from brokering, and the upgrading of wealth management with the continued deepening of Biti companies, with the replacement of financial products as their core focus. 566 million yuan, or 45.06 per cent, in the same year, was achieved in 2021.
The company has acquired the qualifications of a public fund to invest in its business, its assets, its net interest earnings have increased, its size has grown robustly, its stock pledges have shrunk to the point where interest earnings from its peers and from its loan funds have increased and interest spending on debt financing has decreased.
In 2021, the company achieved a net interest income of $1,464 million, an increase of 87.93 per cent. The size of corporate finance bonds continued to grow, the size of stock pledge operations was strained, the size of equity financing grew significantly and the overall registration reform was steadily advanced, with multi-level capital markets.
In 2021, companies invested 1.725 billion yuan, a year-on-year increase, a year-on-year increase of 27.26%, ranking industry tenth in terms of refinancing.
Continued optimization of the client structure, with more than 100 high-quality aaa clients serving, with the strong branding of the Eastern Capital Fund, with highly innovative firms, such as the East Capital Foundation, through the Eastern Capital Management and the Shares Foundation's large-scale asset management operations.
In keeping with the concept of value investment and focusing on proactive management, equity investment has been active for the last seven years, with a rate of return of 294.35%, ranked first in the industry. The middle- and long-term investment performance of the enrichment fund remains bright, and the combined strength is at the top of the industry. In 2021, the enrichment fund achieved revenue.
93.79 billion yuan, or 41.18 per cent more than the previous year; net return to the mother of 32.63 billion yuan, or higher income from the company's investment operations, accelerated the transformation of sales transactions in 2021, and the company realized its own investment business income (excluding return on investment in associated and joint ventures) in 33.01.
Ficc, derivatives, quantification, marketing, etc. represent a transformation in sales transactions. The nominal capital of the company’s off-site products amounts to $29.5 billion, which is more than 20 times higher than at the end of the previous year.
The company has significant advantages and fully benefited from the dividends of the industry’s development through financial management and the large asset management of the equity transfer fund. We look ahead to the company’s future development, with a combination of company fundamentals and stock price elasticity, a “recommended” rating, and after considering the share allocation, we look forward to the company’s future development.
I am committed to presenting this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.