Company evaluation report  Computer industry outbreak triggers demand for domestic printers, printing Natasta (002180.sz)
On the day of the Japanese computer digital supermodel, there was a 16-fold increase in household printer turnover, a 306-per-cent increase in cartridge sales, a multi-grade product such as tablet computers, games desktops, smart hand rings, etc.
We've got a lot of new sales to make.
1. The demand for tele-education and office-promoting home printers was released during the period of the epidemic and the demand for office-related external equipment increased significantly, with household printers increasing at a particularly high rate due to their earlier low penetration and strong demand.
In the course of education, both learning materials and operations are in electronic form, so there is a high demand for printing jobs, teaching materials, test papers, etc. For home-based working people, there is also a need for printers for document printing, contract signing, etc., and the printer becomes another after the mask, alcohol, etc.
Just needed products. Previously, household printers had a low penetration rate, and in this case, household demand for printing machines was fully released. 2) Household printing is a high-premise class, with a national product card advantage.
According to the relevant sales data, during the fight against the disease, well-known branded low-priced printers are more popular than high-priced printers. The company’s Mercedes is the top of the country’s product plate, has a high-priced feature, has a large export range of countries, and in the first half of 2019, the map was in the Russian market.
More than 30% of the same product. Bennett printers also showed an advantage during the epidemic, with several times the same increase in sales on the electric line in February. (2) A significant increase in household printer penetration will increase the market space for common print consumption.
As a result of the epidemic, there has been an explosion in sales of all brand printers, and a significant increase in household printing penetration rates. Domestic printing tends to use generic consumables with higher value for money. The Department is the absolute leader of the generic consumption, with more than 70 per cent of the market, and it is expected that there will be a significant increase in household printer sales.
In the second half of the year, there will be a greater boost to the company’s common consumption business, which will in the long run expand the market space for general print consumption.
In the long run, printers are extremely important in the area of information security, there is a huge scope for raising the share of national printers in the market, and companies, as countries in the field of printers, will benefit deeply from the trend of substitution of national printers. At the same time, corporate chip technology leads.
First, it extends to the generic mcu chip based on printing of the universal consumption chip and replaces it in the chip's home country.