2021 Increase in external disturbances, reboot of high-end 2022 products  (002463.sz) 24/03/22
The construction of the 5g base station downstream of the demand side slowed down, high-end chip supply strained the demand for pcb in applications such as high-speed network equipment and data centres; the cost of higher cost-upping of raw materials has increased. We integrate production resources in the U.S. substations, with overseas layout spreading risks.
On the one hand, the company’s three main plant areas continue to be “intra-cycled,” and the next 16 floors of pcb and low- and medium-level carpcb will accelerate the transfer to the Yellowstone plant; and the green mills and platinum will use the option of improving the bottleneck process.
On the other hand, companies improve their industrial layout, strengthen their multi-regional risk-dispersing operations, and increase their funding to boost the production of high-end car pcb products by 2022-03, purchase Japanese-known e-equity rights, and evaluate and implement production base layouts in low-cost overseas areas.
• Continuous implementation of differentiated competition strategies, card core networks and auto electronics applications. Corporate card servers and car pcb markets are expected to grow faster than industry as a whole in the future. According to Prismark, the combined market growth rate for server/data storage products is estimated at 10.0 per cent in 2021-2026, and automobiles are expected to grow at a combined rate of 10.0 per cent.
pcb market compound growth rate of 7.5%. In the digital field, 400g switch products have been produced in bulk, pre800g, company information update report 2021 is over, product volume is small; in the electronics area of cars, 4d vehicle radar, autopilot control, smart cabin control.
Core network equipment products have become new kinetics - producers, and products such as car-mounted gateways have already achieved mass production; high-speed interposer printing circuit boards has been expanded in the company ' s 2021 priority research and development project, helping to open up products in areas such as high-performance computing.
Corporate Information Update - The Impact of Power Restraints in Kunshan, Loss of Exchange, Trade Disputes that have led to weak export orders.
Network equipment and car pcb is on the rise. - External environmental disturbances, fluctuations in operating income and net profits. Companies faced multiple pressures in 2021 to adapt their business strategies to market changes.
Current operating income of $7.42 billion, yoy-0.6 per cent, printing circuit board operations of $7.06 billion, sales of scrap, etc., of which $2021q4 million, yoy+5.5 per cent, net profit to the mother of $280 million, yoy-for fluctuations; on the other hand, higher prices of upstream raw materials, high-end chip supply strains have led to high-speed network development
The demand for pcb in applications such as reserve and data centres is constrained, and the company as a whole is under multiple pressures. By doing so, the communications market board moved to the core network side, and the auto business was upgraded at a higher level. Due to short-term disturbance with the slowing down of base-station orders, the demand for high-end servers was constrained by inadequate supply of upstream chips, the company level in 2021.
Communications boards generated $4.82 billion, yoy-11.3%, Māori 29.4%, and yoy-2.9pct, of which 5g base-station applications lost $570 million in sales revenue on a year-on-year basis for pcb-related products, representing a significant decline of 37.2% in the same year, and Māori moved along the same speed network equipment and data centre.
Operating income of $1.68 billion, yoy+26.3 per cent, high-end upgrading of pcb products such as car mm wave radars, hdi, ceramics, thick copper, etc., increased the cost of overturning the copper plate, with a Māori rate of 25.5 per cent, yoy-0.3 pct, largely stable.
The company has further consolidated its production resources to cope with an external volatile environment, with a combination of capacity transfer and overseas expansion. The three former plant areas have continued to promote “intracycles.” In the three plant areas of the company, the Qingjiang plant, the Qingjiang plant, and the Qui Wei power plant have matched high-end and high-end automobile products.
The net interest rate was 14.2%, a 5.9pct decline in the same year. The Yellowstone stage was dominated by pcb products up to 16 floors, which were hit by a 5g base station order, while the net interest rate for the Yellowstone II product, which was dominated by medium- and low-level car pcb, was suppressed by the rise in the cost of raw materials, the net interest rate ring was down, and the Yellowstone net interest rate was 11.6%, compared to 2020.
The company's next 16 floors below pcb and low- and medium-level carpcb will accelerate the shift to the Yellowstone plant; the green mills and platinum microelectrics will be upgraded in a manner that improves the bottleneck process and is expected to further optimize the product portfolio The company will improve the industrial layout and enhance the operation of multi-regional risk dispersions. (1) layout Europe: companies at 2022
With a new registered capital of €7.5 million, the company will directly hold about 12.82 per cent of the share in the winning policy, which will be the built-in technology production base for the German Schweizer domestic investment in embedded power chip envelopes, which will help the public to push forward the production of high-end car pcb products; (2) South-East Asia: the company's full-time subsidiary, S.A.I.
(c) Promote the evaluation and implementation of the layout of production bases in low-cost overseas areas.
The domestic pcb industry is experiencing a trend toward high-end growth. The global pcb industry is moving towards high accuracy, high density, and high reliability, particularly in China, where, according to Prismark's prediction, the company's limited server and car pcb markets will soon be larger than the industry as a whole for 2021-2026.
For example, the automobile market has been upgraded to multiple layers, high-level hdi, high-frequency high-speed to meet the needs of intelligent driving, intelligent cabins, car connections, power system electrification, and, according to Prismark, a combined growth rate of 7.5% in the car pcb market for 2021-2026.
Companies continue to pursue differentiated product strategies, developing high-end products in the field of layout and automobile electronics. In addition to traditional digital and automobiles, companies expanded high-speed interposer printing in 2021 in priority R&D projects.
Roadboards, interposer boards are microcircuit boards inserted between high performance chips and low-speed pcb boards, which help to develop products in the field of high-performance computing. (1) Digital areas: the company develops a new generation of servers, high-level data centres, switch products, 400g switch products have been manufactured in bulk, and the product for the Pre800g switch has been completed.
Engineering tests and small batch production, with 800g switch products based on 112g switch chips being developed and tested; (2) Automobile electronics: high-grade hdi, high-voltage circuit boards, system embedded component circuit boards, applied to 4d vehicle carrier radars, autopilot domain controllers, intelligent airspace controllers, vehicle-mounted gateways, etc.
(3) High performance area: high-speed interposer printing circuit boards have produced production volumes of the 3rd step hdi product using class 5-7 high-speed material, 4th step hdi product has entered the client sample sampling phase and 5th step has been developed and tested; 4 at semiconductor chip testing circuit boards: the company has developed more than 0.4 mm
Table 5: Corporate layout and high-end products in the electronics area of automobiles, profit forecasting and investment proposals
The rise in the cost of raw materials, increased competition for cars pcb, less than expected demand for high-end numbers, loss of currency exchange, and trade disputes have led to weak export orders.