Three-quarter business growth, working with Microsoft to boost branding, three-quarter performance forecast for the BGW (300,628), 20.30-25.94 per cent increase over the same period; net return to the mother is $620 million-$67 million, which is an increase over the same period
In the first three quarters of 2018, the company's overall performance was good, its operations were growing at a high rate, its product structure was improving, and research and development projects were moving forward steadily. On the one hand, the global market of sexphones continued to grow, with companies operating in various segmented areas.
On the other hand, the competitiveness of companies’ vcs products has increased further, domestic and foreign channels have progressed steadily, and the income of vcs is expected to double this year compared to the expected increase. q3 continues to grow at a high rate, with the dollar exchange rate rising yielding a certain return.
\triangleright partially alleviated the adverse effect of the fall in the exchange rate in the first half of the year.
At the same time, the company’s growing collaboration with Microsoft demonstrates a good branding effect. At the Microsoft Global Technology and Ecology Congress, held in Orlando, United States, a new generation of smart collaborations was launched by the company and Microsoft.
The programme, which jointly launched a series of new audio and video facilities in support of microsofteams and skypeforbusiness, includes two desktop phones, t56a, t58a and team collaboration devices such as videoconferencing terminal vc200, will cover a wide range of office scenes, and new videos are expected to be available in 2019.
While maintaining the market advantage of its operations, companies have made significant efforts to optimize the product structure of their operations in vcs, where competition is expected to increase in the public-sip sector market: vcs R&D is not as widespread as expected.
Video two-wheel drive, shaping the international brand of unified communications, 2 and the mid-2018 report of the United Billion Network (300628), remarks: vcs continued breakthroughs, fast business growth
Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements: Yang Xiao, Master's degree, nine years of professional experience, long-term involvement in wireless research and development, system delivery, solution marketing, August 2015 Joined the People Mye Xiang, Master of Economics, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, two years of business experience as a operator, and in 2017 Joined the People's Securities.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.