Sales were excellent in the third quarter, and company performance grew in line with year-round expectations. Liu Xufeng (Research Assistant) luu.xufeng@gzgzhs.com.cn
The net profit for the East was 663 million, an increase of 38.96 per cent from the previous quarter. Sales were excellent in the third quarter, with the previous three quarters rising to the maximum forecast. The company ' s sales were excellent in the third quarter, with a revenue of 479 million, an increase of 26 per cent from the same year and a net profit of 220 million, an increase of 44.6 per cent from the same year.
In the first three quarters, non-net profits increased by 38.96 per cent over the same period, close to the forecast ceiling. At the same time, the company was able to charge hundreds of millions of dollars in cash. The exchange gains of $20.79 million were realized as a result of the devaluation of the renminbi.
While corporate sip’s business growth rate has been slower than it is, stable market shares and the expansion of global market demand have left much room for profit for its products. In the future, firms will continue to increase market penetration and stabilize the company’s leading position in the market, in the face of business replication by SMEs, meeting the personality and diversity of small and medium-sized enterprises.
The vcs business growth rate will continue to rise, and the advent of the 5g network will increase the penetration of the vcs market. The company vcs business will be the most promising segment, with a combined annual growth rate of 95% in 2017 and more than 70% in mid-2018 for the company vcs. The advent of the 5g network and the development of chip technology and video technology will drive vcs.
The performance and ease of use of the equipment, while reducing the cost of production of the product, and breaking down the short lines of high operating costs of vcs, poor equipment compatibility and unstable network environments. The market coverage of the vcs equipment is expanded to achieve a trend of penetration from large government enterprises, high-end finance to the general sector, enterprises.
End-products can satisfy a firm ' s market downturn.