3-quarter high performance growth with M & As continuing to expand new business acquisition (00260.sz) 31/10/2025
• The three-quarter high profit growth continued to expand new business areas and the “buy-in” rating was maintained. The company issued its third-quarter report in 2025. (1) In the previous three quarters, the company achieved a revenue of $37,590 million, or +19.25 per cent; the net profit from the parent was $1,941 million, or +37.66 per cent; the net profit from the non-return to the mother was reduced by $1,503 million, or +1 per cent
7.33%, year-on-year + 1.57 pcts, ring + 4.24 pcts. (3) The company ' s performance in the third quarter has continued to grow at a high level consistent with the pre-performance level, with a single quarter net profit of five consecutive quarters increasing by double digits and recording the best performance since its listing in 2018.
We have continuously expanded the area of human robots/ai glasses/clip screens/servers. We have improved the corporate economy and rapidly growing consumer electronics industries. Human robots/ai glasses/clip screens/server operations continue to expand.
With rapid growth and continuous deployment of human robots, ai glasses and wearable, foldable screens, servers, four main tracks. (1) With regard to human robots, companies and officials from the Beijing Center for Human Innovative Robotics, Think Robotics, Brain Technology, Proud Technology, Nine Days of Innovation have announced or deepened their cooperation and gained access to human robots both inside and outside the country.
The company is involved in the smart glasses project of leading clients in the domestic and foreign industry, providing various structural, functional, modular, charger and assembly services.
titanium alloy supports, which have also produced products such as pc carbon fibre support folded in domestic brands. (4) in the area of the i server, the company's main layout radiator and power chain has developed products such as cdu, liquid cooler module, liquid cooler, empty cold radiator module, heat tubes, hormonal plate, graphite, etc., and systematic radiative solutions,
In terms of high-power server power, the company collaborates with Bowahida in a related area of power source, including a high-power server power source, and has formed a joint venture with platinum electronics to focus on server power.
According to the company announcement, subsidiary-led technology is to buy 96.15 per cent of Zhejiang's shares in cash of 2,404 million dollars, Zhejiang, the global leading hardware and intelligence platform, the machine, the vehicle parts and components of the main camp, the core product of which is the car's equivalent drive, drive axes, etc., and the customer covers a large number of families.
The company's acquisition was designed to deepen the layout of the automobile industry and improve the matrix of automobile products. Automobile parts and machine parts are in agreement with the dimensions of technical reuse, supply chain sharing, manufacturing capability migration, and application landscape complementarities.
In the same way, a deep integration of technology/production systems can result in synergies in the “car-machine symbiosis” industry that can provide a solid basis for companies to explore and act as adult robotics.