q3 has a strong performance and continues to benefit from hardware innovation.
In the first three quarters of the year, the company achieved a revenue of $37,590 million, an increase of 19.3 per cent over the previous quarter, and a net return of $1.94 billion, an increase of +37.7 per cent.
Looking ahead, business is optimistic, and it is expected that the performance growth structure will be restructured. The company’s full range of high-profile clients, which has benefited in depth from the innovation cycle of large clients’ products and from the high sales of new machines, has led to an increase in the volume and share of new products in batteries, radiators, and fast-loading.
1) With respect to robotics, the company has developed a rich hardware product matrix, which now has orders in machine-processed fruit, core parts, smart hand parts and assembly, whole machine assembly, etc.)
Key spare parts products, such as machines, are expected to benefit fully from the continued expansion of the i-glass market; 3) in the context of folding screens, the provision of key components such as screen support layers, vc-heat panels, medium frames, etc., which already cover well-known brand clients at home and abroad; and 4) in the context of servers, the company has already applied radiant products in gpu, cpu and ai
In addition to collaborating with global clients and promoting them as core suppliers of amd, the company has made a strong investment in: clear trends in fundamental growth and promising forward business progress.
Improve the layout of the automobile industry and deepen the core hardware capabilities of the Iai terminal.
E-Commerce Strategy Report 2025. Zhejiang is a major car parts and components manufacturer with a major speed drive, a moving axis, and a client covering new energy, and the industry is expected to start a new round of large-cycle stops.
This acquisition created a greater synergy between the company’s power cell structures and automobile accessories products, both in terms of customer resources and industry, and in terms of access to the sea. It was also based on the technical recovery of car parts and robotic parts.
This acquisition or the extension of the company's core hardware at the end of the ai terminal, with synergies, provides the expectation of sustained growth, as well as a higher growth potential for new business expansion and maintenance of the “buy-in” rating.
Shen Xiaohai index, Hong Kong market benchmark is a permanent index, the United States market benchmark is a standard 500 index or an NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-board index (for the protocol transfer target) or a three-board market index (for the market transfer target), and the Northward benchmark index is a 50-bit index.
The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts