Hangzhou Bank has limited operational impact, government cooperation or enhanced Hangzhou Bank announcement, with the first major shareholder, the Australian Federal Bank (cba), transferring to Hangzhou City by agreement.
After the concession, the Hangzhou City Treasury became the first shareholder, cba held 5.56% and promised to lock it for three years. Hangzhou and Hangzhou pledged not to transfer their shares for five years.
We believe that cba’s transfer of equity in this agreement is more affected by its own business and the realization of its investment objectives, its limited impact on its operations, its cooperation or strengthening of government operations, its non-essentiality to Hangzhou Bank, and its limited impact on Hangzhou Bank’s strategic and business development.
The main reason for the change in equity was that it had limited impact on Hangzhou Bank operations. The main reasons for the agreement’s concession were: (1) the Commonwealth Bank of Australia’s 2005 to more than 2014
Since the Hangzhou Bank was listed, it has performed well, valued, stock prices have continued to be positive, and cba’s investment in Hangzhou Bank has achieved a very good gain. (2) Under the shock of the epidemic, overseas banks have become more pressured to operate, and the money has been released to better support the local economy.
Since 2018, cba has sold successively to Silver Union, the Australian Investment Exchange, etc., and its own Indonesian and Australian life operations. (3) cba still holds 5.56% of the shares and is expected to sit on or remain in the board of directors.
The arrival of new shareholders helps to deepen business cooperation between the government and Hangzhou City, where the shareholders are held. We believe that the city government’s business participation, first, contributes to the stability of the stock structure, and, second, to highlight the city’s relationship with Hangzhou Silver.
Development of confidence and recognition, or more opportunities for development; and, thirdly, refinancing and other forms of support may be more positive. Hangzhou banks perform very well to keep their comptoirs at the forefront.
Hangzhou Bank: Sustained Good Performance, Lead Provision for Coverage
The downside of the economy led to a deterioration in asset quality; regulatory controls exceeded expectations. The Hang State Bank announced on 1 March that the first shareholder of the company, the Australian Federal Bank (cba), and the Hang State City Urban Construction Investment Group (Hanzhou City) and the Hangzhou City Transport Investment Group (Hang County Bank) signed the Australian Federal Bank and Hang County City on the evening of 28 February 2022.
Agreement on the Transfer of Shares between the City Building Investment Group Ltd. and Hangzhou City Transportation Investment Group Ltd., signed by the Australasia Federal Bank for the transfer of $297 million of shares of companies held in Hangzhou, respectively, representing 5 per cent of the total equity of the company, each of which has issued a general share (594 million shares, or 10 per cent of the total share of the company, each of which has already been issued), and the transfer of purchases by the recipient.
According to the Hangzhou Bank ' s ipo instructions, the Bank of the Commonwealth of Australia became Hang County Bank in 2005, 2009 and 2014, respectively.
The main reasons that we expect to account for this transfer include: (1) the excellent performance of Hangzhou Bank in recent years, the valuation level of which is at the forefront of the listed banks, and the fact that cba has achieved the purpose of financial investment; (2) the impact of the epidemic, the pressure on overseas banks to do business, and the withdrawal of funds to better support local economic development; and (3) the restructuring of the cba's own business strategy to simplify the business and focus on individuals.
And businesses. Since 2018, cba has sold shares in companies like the Silver Union, the Australian Investment Exchange, and sells its own Indo-Australian life business.
For the pricing benchmark, at the same time not less than 90% of the price collected on the day prior to the signing of the Share Transfer Agreement. Thus, each share transfer had a limited long-term impact on the operation of Hangzhou Bank.
Financial institutions hold no more than the 20% ceiling, so foreign banks have a limited voice in domestic banks, much more like financial investors. At the same time, with the domestic economic development dividend, the country’s capacity to operate, the level of financial science and technology has risen, and the foreign banks’ value to domestic banks has diminished.
After the concession, the Hangzhou City Fiscal Authority will be passively the company’s first shareholder, with the share holding unchanged at 11.86%.
We believe that this time, the two municipal enterprises will contribute to the stability of the ownership structure; that the Hangzhou municipality will demonstrate its confidence in and recognition of Hangzhou Bank; and that third, it will give Hangzhou Bank more opportunities for government cooperation and development.
The Hangzhou bank performed well in its profits, increasing its net profit by 26.2% in the first three quarters of 2021, and maintaining the city’s comptoirs. Looking ahead, we believe that there is a significant advantage in the size of the company’s operations, with regional economic dynamism laying the foundation for business development space and asset quality.
We believe that cba’s transfer of equity in this agreement is more influenced by factors such as its own business development, strategic adjustments, and the achievement of financial investment objectives, but has limited impact on the strategic and business development of Hangzhou banks, with short-term exposure to market sentiment, or volatility in stock prices. The two Hangzhou municipalities hold the shares, highlighting the city’s confidence in Hangzhou’s business development, and hope to strengthen cooperation and business support in the future.
With regional economic advantages and excellent performance and asset quality, we maintain a high level of performance among listed banks. We maintain the company ' s downside of the economy in 2021/2022, leading to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected. Banks are highly relevant as a pro-cyclical industry, corporate business development, and economic development. Large economic development influences the performance of the real economy and profitability, thus affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector.
Under the 2020 epidemic, regulation guided banks to give way to the real economy, and it is expected that the economic development policy of the enabling entity will continue, but if interest-rate regulation is either expected to give way to the supermarket or to influence the bank’s profitability performance.
Income statement (Billions of yuan)