On March 1, 2022, Hangzhou Bank issued a notice of change of interest, the company's top priority.
The shareholders of the Commonwealth Bank of Australia (hereinafter referred to as “cba”) have deposited their shares in Hangzhou City and Hang County respectively by way of an agreed transfer, amounting to 290.8 million shares each of which together account for 10 per cent of the company's total equity, the transfer price, the transfer of cba shares is mainly a strategic adjustment, and the remaining shares continue to be locked in.
As a result of the slowdown and the increased pressure on cba ' s operations, its management also indicated that the transfer was due in part to a future greater focus on indigenous banking in Australia and New Zealand; after the reduction, cba still held 5.56 per cent of the shares and promised not to dispose of the remaining shares over a three-year period, which we believe reflects its interest in Hangzhou.
The transfer of the agreement is fixed for a period of five years, with little effect on the pallet.
It will have no impact on the second-tier market, and it is regulated that the shares in this transaction will not be transferred for five years, but rather increase the stability of large shareholders’ shareholdings.
\triangleright became the first major shareholder, with Hangzhou’s shareholdings rising in the overall equity structure. We expect closer cooperation with the silver certificate, bringing in the resources, good asset expansion and low-interest liabilities to absorb.
High growth and high asset quality. High demand for regional finance, with 21q3 harvests and profits \triangleright at an all-time low of 0.9%, continued to climb to 559.4%, laying a solid foundation for performance release.
Investment proposals: agreement to transfer financial and monetary cooperation, “high growth + high quality” ongoing \triangleright equity transfer is a strategic consideration of foreign shareholders themselves, and an increase in Hangzhou's shareholdings is expected to contribute to the silver certification
\triangleright Figure 1: Hangzhou Bank issues a notice on the transfer of shares
The members of the board and board of directors of the company who have signed the Agreement on Transfer of Shares and Changes of Interests assure the shareholders that there is no false record, misleading statement or material omission of the contents of this bulletin and that they are authentic and accurate.