Deep-deep car cabin electron, intelligent driving assistive products are gradually being produced - annual report 2018, yellow hysteria.
The downside of the sale of some of the auxiliary models affected the company's performance throughout the year, with only a small increase in vehicle-borne entertainment systems, with annual revenues of $3.433 billion, an increase of 3.88 per cent, and vehicles.
With respect to the cost of the period, the company’s R & D investment has grown faster, with a ratio of R & D costs to the same rate.
In 18 years, companies have been able to obtain orders for the annual sale of new items in excess of $7 billion, and the production of new products and orders have increased rapidly. In the case of smart cockpits, companies have been able to obtain cars and homes, vehicles, and vehicles.
A new order for a smart cockpit in an interstellar vehicle, expected to produce in 19 years; showing modules and systems where the company gets a new project order from a public, upper public, Quill, etc. customer; and an income structure (2018)
With regard to the configuration of the instrument and the central display system, the company has obtained new project orders from customers such as Biadi, Gilly, the Great Wall, Chirí, and the Volkswagen Car. The company has been successful in developing new customers such as Naga An, Hironaga Toyota, and has been active in international business, and has acquired new project orders in the form of popular groups worldwide.
Intelligent driving assistive products are gradually being produced, active vehicle-networking operations, company-based deep-dressed smart-driving assist, car-networking, smart-driving assistive products, 360-degree high clairvoy system, fully automated parking system, driver behavior control and identity.
Quantified production, t-box products, etc., 24g mm wave radar has been ordered and will be produced in 2019, and 77g mm wave radar is expected to be in a quantifiable state by 2019;
Quantities: 18 years of company solutions based on a high-access 9150 c-v2x chip group and purchase of German antenna technology company atbb. In the case of car networking, in 2018, the company set up a car networking unit, cooperated with a number of companies, such as 100 degrees, tethers, etc., and obtained a new gas-public project order.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, associated with the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.