Events: In recent days, Desai Weiwei published its annual report for 2018, where the company achieved operating income of $5.409 billion, a decrease of 10.01 per cent in the same year; the net profit of shareholders belonging to the parent company was 416 million, a decrease of 32.50 per cent in the same year; and the net profit of shareholders of the non-subsequent parent company was reduced by 41.84 per cent in the same year.
Corporate performance declined for the first time in the same year, as a result of the overall downturn in the car market. Corporate performance declined for the first time in 2018, with the first time in the last five years, mainly affected by the decline in the overall market climate. In 2018, China experienced a decline in output and sales in the broad range of passenger vehicles, by 4.2 per cent and 2.8 per cent, respectively, compared to the same period in the previous year, and in the narrow range of vehicle output and sales, by 5 per cent and 5.8 per cent, and in auto parts and components, by the same amount. Against a background of poor overall market performance, market competition intensified, and companies increased in 2018.
The Māori rate reached 23.99%, a decrease of 1.79 percentage points from the previous year, which is the lower level in the last five years. Net corporate cash flows grew in 2018 on a year-on-year basis, investment in research and development was high, and access to new product orders increased rapidly.
Inflow, sustained investment in new technologies such as smart driving, car networking, smart cockpit, and the active deployment of new product lines. In 2018, the company invested $543 billion in R&D, an increase of 29.84 per cent over the same period. By the end of 2018, the number of R&D personnel was 1903, an increase of 30.52 per cent over the same period. In a context of performance pressure, companies still attached great importance to R&D inputs, demonstrating strong confidence in the development of intelligent networks in the automobile industry.
Obtaining cars and homes, long-anne cars and sky vehicles is expected to start production in 2019. The company has introduced display modules and systems with leading optical performances that have been ordered in many of the garage projects. In the case of smart assistive driving products, the company has developed 360-degree high-scope systems, fully automated parking systems, driver behaviour surveillance and identification systems, and t-box products that are already yielding production. 24g mm wave radar has been ordered and will be produced in 2019.
In 2018, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Yvesta and Pitts to jointly develop a class-I3 smart-drive system, and the research assistant of Wang Satyu is planning to produce in 2020. In 2018, the company received a new project order with an annualized sales value of more than $7 billion, including new products such as smart driving aids and smart cockpits.
\triangleright, “Slow performance in the first half of the year, positive developments in the new business layout”
The risk factors are: less than expected growth in the automobile industry; less than expected development and production of new products; higher risk of concentration of customers. \triangleright
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Tianjin, Beijing University Institute for National Development Research,ba, used to be a powerful 500-year-old American company, Nokia, Finland, for mobile phone research and laboratory management. In 2015, he joined the Sinda securities industry for computer research. Yuan Hae-woo, Beijing University, Bachelor of Physics, Master of Condensed Physics.
This report has been prepared and published by the China Securities Commission. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. It is provided to specific customers only and not to the public.
The present report is prepared with publicly available information deemed reliable by a credit certificate, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.