Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Research Centre Purchased by Public Media (002027.sz) (first rating) Exploitation of overseas operations focusing on domestic consumption and the market for new energy vehicles
The company’s business model’s essence is to accelerate branding beyond the audience circle.
1) Brand advertising vs. effects: the continuing sexual impact of brand advertising is more valuable in the context of rising flow costs; brand advertising is naturally compatible with passive communication media.
In the first half of the year, the company ' s own elevator television, its own poster media and its co-operative studios were 756,000, 1.78 million and 1.35 million, respectively. (3) The company ' s business model: options are developed according to different product differences.
Frame posters, pre-film advertisements are directed at large advertisers and smart screens are suitable for long-tailed customers. 4) Competition patterns: companies lead the business and have strong leadership positions.
Looking forward to 2022: focus on changing consumption trends, new energy vehicles have the potential. From the industry to the past, companies have been at the bottom of the industry’s growth pole, and consumption brands remain important advertisers for this year, focusing on changes in consumption in 2022.
The new consumer brand continues to be an important advertiser on the ladder list, and in the 2021 trend, the epidemic continues to be an important variable, focusing on the 2022 trend.
Policy plans for a new energy vehicle in 2025, with a 20% share of new traffic, end demand is expected to be released; a new vehicle type was listed heavily in 2022, and it is hoped that the promotion of advertising by car companies will be enhanced.
The domestic economy has fallen short of expectations; industry competition has increased; overseas progress has fallen short of expectations;h equity issuance has not been successful. First, equity incentives reflect a long-term orientation and h stock listing schemes have helped overseas markets develop 1.1 equity incentives targeting core talent and looking forward to long-term development
▪ The company launched two phases of its Stakeholder Scheme in 2019 and 2020 through equity buy-back, giving 100 and 200 executives of the company and core staff equity opportunities. 1.1.1 Stewardship and core staff contribute to the Stakeholder Scheme, showing medium- and long-term confidence
▪ In 2019, the company launched the first phase of its employee holding scheme to buy back shares through the secondary market by means of an employee ' s subscription, and accumulated 525.6 million shares of the company ' s stock, accounting for about 0.358 per cent of the total equity, with a total turnover of $270 million. Incentives were given to Ms. Io Myung Koo and Mr. Linnan, the supervisor at the time.
And 98 other core employees, Ms. Koo Wei, contributed 20 million yuan and 3 million yuan per person. Active subscriptions by senior managers and core staff demonstrate confidence in corporate capacity and medium- and long-term development, as evidenced by the fact that the company’s follow-up performance has been reversed in the face of large environmental impacts.
▪ 1.1.2 The incentive system continues to improve to boost long-term development  In December 2020, the second phase of the company ' s employee holding plan was launched, with annual awards being the main objective, with a share award price of 0 yuan/shares, without performance indicators, and a total of staff awards
Manages and operates 196 core technical (operational) employees for a regular period of 36 months.
1.2 Overseas business development, h stock listing and business advancement complement each other
▪ 1.2.1 There have been significant developments in overseas operations, with some parts of the country having been profitable. Since 2017, the company has been conducting strategic seaboard tests, followed by the export of building ladders in more than 30 major cities, including Korea, Singapore, Thailand and Indonesia.
On 31 July, the company had 84,000 foreign elevator television and media equipment, and 2,000 elevator and poster media equipment. The company has now achieved revenue growth and profitability in some parts of the country, with a projected revenue of $300 million in Korea and over $100 million in Singapore in 2021.
1.2.2 The overseas market is of long-term development value. Asian cities have elevator holdings and population density that are suitable for escalators.
In contrast to the North American market, Asian cities have relatively higher population density, and the proportion of people living and working in high-rises is also higher. This allows life-cycle media networks to achieve higher penetration rates and significantly increase media value.
After that, companies are expected to replicate their success paths in other cities. Advertising markets are growing rapidly and on a large scale.
The advertising industry is expected to grow again. Of these, the Asia-Pacific region is the second largest advertising market in the world, with a total advertising budget of 30.8 per cent in 2019; in 2020, China, Japan, South Korea, Indonesia and India are among the top 20 countries in the world in advertising spending; and according to Magna.
As the economic recovery gained momentum and consumption picked up, the Asia-Pacific region forecasted 12.8% increase in advertising spending in 2021 over the same period, bringing the total market size to $203 billion. The overseas ladder industry started with fewer competitors.
According to Magna, in 2019, out-of-line advertising accounted for 47.6% of the total, while outdoor advertising was financed by the public.
In Seoul, corporate screens account for more than 90% of the peer market. Competition pressures in the overseas ladder industry are relatively low, favouring corporate pre-occupancy.
Second, the essence of the corporate business model: accelerating branding beyond the audience circle.
▪ 2.1.1 Brand advertising takes over the mind, and the volume of effect advertising is transformed: brand advertising usually contains branded nuclear ideas, more streamlined, robust and remembered, with the main aim of creating brand image and raising visibility; effect advertising usually includes more direct product information flows, promotional activities, etc., and inducements
User-led consumer behaviour, thereby transforming sales; in the consumer decision-making process, the role of brand advertising is to encourage users to create and strengthen brand image, and the continuing impact of brand advertising is more valuable in the context of the rapid increase in the flow costs of consumer behaviour caused by effect advertising 2.1.2
Brand advertising promotes long-term and sustainable returns. Effects advertising is the most direct part of consumer decision-making, but effects advertising is one-off stimulus to consumer behaviour and does not have a lasting effect. Once advertising inputs are stopped, the positive incentives for sales disappear; conversely,
The usefulness of billboards is long-term, and by strengthening user memory, they capture consumer mind, and ultimately create brand image and “brand value”, which is long-standing and has sustainable benefits.
As the Internet moves into the second half of the game, the “dividend” reduces the cost of the flow. Because of the demand for instantaneous, accurate advertising, the Internet is the main place for the effect advertising, i.e., for the purchase of the flow. After the Internet enters the second half of the “stock” phase, the price of the flow continues to rise, and the effect advertising continues to rise.
The corresponding price increases. As a result of the one-time effects of advertising stimulus, advertisers need sustained investment to ensure a growth in sales, and price increases directly result in a fall in roi, which starts to reduce the usefulness of effective advertising.
▪ 2.1.3 Brand advertising is a natural match with passive communication media, represented by the ladder. From the content of advertising, brand advertising conveys the concept, and effect advertising is demand-oriented.
So brand advertising is more appropriate for communicating to consumers through “passive reception” and for deepening consumer memory through frequent contact in a latent memorization. The media in buildings, cinemas, etc., are relatively closed and single scenes where users are forced to receive information, which is passive.
The media is more effective in the placement of brand advertising. 2.2 Company basic logic: the size and size of the “circle” break-through – based on the marketing strategy of Chairman Jiang Namchun, the core business model of the company is to occupy a special time.
window, i.e., the appropriate channel to form saturation attacks through the high density and breadth of locational resources, to capture the user's mind, and eventually to create an overall increase in branding effects. 2.2.1 capture elevators, cinema scenes, and implement “channels for kings”
▪ The value of the advertising media window can be assessed in terms of volume and quality. "Quantities" refers to the size of the population covered by the advertising window and the rate of arrival; "Quality" refers to the outside interference with advertising under that window, the audience's interest in advertising content, etc., that is, efficiency. The company's core window is "building elevator."
The two scenes, the cinema and the cinema, were excellent in terms of quantity and quality, and were characterized by high coverage and high arrival rates on the “volume” of advertising: elevator advertising was the front-line medium with the highest daily arrival rate. Consumers in modern cities, commercial writing buildings, community apartments, shopping malls, etc. in high-rise forests.
Most places of daily life, work, and entertainment are equipped with elevators, which have the characteristics of a consumer’s “requirement to track.” From the perspective of the population, an AIDS counselling report shows that in 2019 elevator advertising reached 650 million people.
In all types of advertising media, the daily arrival rate of elevator advertising was 79 per cent, after 95 per cent of Internet advertising; cinema-based media covered a wide audience and, as the standard of living of the population improved and quality films promoted, China had a very large visual base and maintained a trend of growth until the outbreak, 2019.
China has a total of 1.73 billion viewers. According to Ye Eun’s consultation in 2015, the number of advertisements reached 80% before the screening. Conservatively, in 2019, the advertisements reached at least the audience.
"Square" is reflected in low interference, high concern: elevators and cinemas are quiet, closed, weak signal, low interference, and have a good impact. "Ineffectual contact" is a major pain in many advertising media, whether online or offline, and consumer interest in advertising content can be disrupted by a number of factors, such as smartphones, smartphones, smartphones, etc.
Environmental noise, etc., leads to a large extent to consumer “neglect” or “overlooking” advertising, while elevators and cinema scenes have quiet, closed, weak signals, low interference, in which viewing is often the best option for consumer leisure time, with “passive mandatory viewing”
As a result, consumers are more interested in advertising content, and according to the Kaydo advisory study, among the types of advertising media available, consumers have the highest interest in cinemas, elevators and other types of advertising.
▪ 2.2.2 Point resources cover most of the first and second-line cities, reaching over 310 million of the mainstream consumer population  Company site resources are highly dense and widely distributed. After a significant expansion in 2018, the company entered the process of resource optimization to phase out inefficient points and began to expand its high-quality location in 2021.
The main focus is on the consumption of high-quality resources in the first- and second-line cities, where the dominant population is concentrated and urbanized, owing to the low density and ineffectiveness of the three- or four-line urban location. By the end of 2020, the company was downsized by 26.1 per cent and 21.8 per cent, compared to the previous year.
Elevator TV Media: As of the first half of 2021, the company owned approximately 75.60 million elevator television media, covering 105 cities in the country and more than 30 major cities abroad. The elevator television media equipment covered about 27,000 cities in the country.
The proportion of cities is 25.8%, 54.2%, respectively. Elevator poster media: the company elevator poster media has about 1.78 million self-contained devices covering the country ' s cities. The cities on the first and second lines account for 24.2%, and 59.7%, respectively.
Cinema media: The company ' s cinema media has 1951 cinemas, 135,000 cinemas, covering 288 cities in the country.
2.3 Corporate business model: development of options based on different product differences 2.3.1 Building media: leasing of advertising points from developers, property offices  Building media locations are dominated by writing buildings, apartment buildings, and companies sign with developers, property companies, etc.
The company’s building media includes three types of lcd screens, frame posters, and smart screens: 1)lcd screens that hang on the outside of the elevator, waiting for the wall. The company currently maintains about 400,000 joint screens throughout the country, and will host Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, etc.
All the screens of the cable cities are on average divided into a1, a2, a3, a4 networks, and each of the other cities is divided into three networks, with a more even quality of network sites in the same city. 2) The frame version of the digital framework poster. As of June 2021, the company had 1.7 million poster spots throughout the country.
The smart screen is a smart screen located on the inner side of the elevator or by the door, which supports the placement of the network without manual posting and random displays in accordance with algorithmic rules. The company currently maintains around 300,000 pieces of intelligence and screens throughout the country. Such screens are equivalent to the smart version of the frame poster, which is mainly directed to local businesses and supports the wide area.
There are also differences in the fee pattern: 1) lcd network is available all over the city. The company's lcd screen is shown in a "one-week cycle" of the city's "one-stop network" as a basic unit, in a specific format.
The categories include the number of rotations (60/day, 120/day), the length of individual advertisements (5', 8', 15', 30') and the price scale is hundreds of thousands of grades, and the prices vary considerably from city to city.
100, 100, 100, 100, 100, 100, 100, 100, 100, 100, 100, 100, 100, 100, 100, 100, 100, 100, 100, 100, 100, 100, 100, 100, 100, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 65, 60, 64, 64, 64, 64, 64, 65, 64, 65, 64, 65, 65, 65, 65, and 65, and 65, with most, and 58, while the.
The frame ads are usually packaged or sold in a network set. Because of the low starting threshold, they also apply to short-term campaign advertisements or to small local advertisers. 3) smart screens are low threshold, self-help placement. The company smart screen supports the use of "scores."
You can also choose an uninsured and undecided delivery mode.
The smallest units are single screens with a price of thousands of dollars, with a lower threshold for placement, mostly short-term campaign advertisements and local businesses.
The model of the company’s collaboration with cinemas is the right to buy and distribute all or part of the pre-filing commercials, the right to obtain exclusive or non-exclusive settlement and distribution of the poster advertisements, or a combination of several ways. The pre-screening network is the main product.
In 2021, the company’s cinema resources covered 125 cities with hundreds of millions of votes, sub-cities, and more.
In 2021, the company further consolidated and optimized the media resources of the cinema, and introduced the production, distribution, publicity, ticketing and screening of the film.
The national screens are shown on-line, on-line position ads (posters, led light boxes, smart screens, etc.), folding of film sticker authorizations (film implantation, film element authorization, etc.), a series of “holy theater plus” composite productions, and fee-based models: the pre-screens are placed on a single screen of the cinema, usually on a Monday basis.
A basic cycle, which is published on Thursdays, on Wednesdays, is aired on a full-day basis, with a minimum of two weeks. The length of a single advertisement is 15 seconds, which can be adjusted to 30 seconds and 60 seconds.
2.4 The pattern of competition: the company-led industry, with strong leadership 2.4.1 ladders of media operations: companies have access to core business circles resources, where there are differences in the location of major competitors and where business overlap rates are low.
The main competitor is the new wave media, which relies on Internet companies like Kyundong and 100 degrees, and which have a different business orientation. The company's main setup of “life circles media” is a commercial elevator, the main site of the lcd network, which focuses on the urban mainstream consumers.
In 2007, the focus was on community media platforms, with community elevators, major elevator smart screen operations, and a focus on community household consumption. So, the direct competition between the new tide and the company's business is mainly in community smart screen business, which is usually oriented towards the long end.
Companies have an absolute advantage in location size and location quality. Companies are the first to enter the ladder industry and take advantage of the pre-existing advantage to take up a significant position in the core commercial sector.
According to the network, the number of lcd networks and frame poster sites in the new wave media is 60,000, 150,000, far less than the company's over 400,000, 1.78 million, and the number of smart screens is 750,000, and the company's about 300,000.
In the first half of 2021, the company elevator television media (lcd+ smart screen) and elevator poster media reached 80 per cent, 83.9 per cent, respectively, of the layout of two-line cities, with access to core business area resources.
The pre-screening advertising industry is divided into a model of ownership, represented by Wanda and Nakashi, and representative of the company under its flag.
As a third-party advertising company, the company has a pre-emptive advantage, and as a neutral character, it can cooperate with a number of other institutions, such as the Landsat Line, the Starmi cinema, and the American cinema. As of the first half of 2021, the company had 18% of the screen ownership, which is the market's number one.
In terms of income, the studios in which the company collaborates are better qualified and the company has a strong capacity to develop and exploit, and the well-developed ladders provide more quality advertisers, companies to film.
The market share of former advertising revenue has remained constant at more than 50 per cent, reaching market share in 2017 Figure 16: City-to-city coverage 2012-2017 Figure 15: Number of cinema media covering screens (numbers) and percentage
Two and a half company branding case is a lot better than the others: in March 2019, in a joint effort to achieve the Chinese cheese first brand  2.5.1 and to work with the company in depth to achieve market expansion.
A strategic partnership has been reached, with billboards in 16 cities across the north, with hundreds of thousands of written buildings heavily landed on their advertising screens. Although the target consumer group is predominantly children, the purchase of the product is mainly after 90 and 80 parents, and this group is covered by the company at $310 million.
The main consumer groups are highly compatible, so that "Celebrity is blue and blue." Phase 2: Reinforcing the brand image with sales results. After 618 in 2019, Viagra Blue updated the ads on the stand-up platform to read, "It's beautiful and blue to win Kyoto and the Cat's Two-Crown."
Phase three: consumer education, market expansion. After the pre-consortium seizure and brand build-up, Great Bluedo has successfully won the domestic cheese market.
By the end of the year, the focus of communication was shifted to consumer education, and the ad was changed to “In Europe and the United States, cheese is known as milk gold”, giving consumers a stronger reason to buy, expanding the potential of cheese to 2.5.2 and effectively increasing its focus, which is a wonderful blue and sustainable input.
The crowds have dramatically increased their attention. After the great blues' major rivals were launched in February of the year, the wonderful blues have risen and remained stable, and the wonderful blues have continued to add up. In the first half of the year, the wonderful blues have been in the country.
In 106 cities, the elevator terminals were advertised. According to ctr, excellent blues were at the top of the list of elevator television spending in the first three quarters of 2019, with sales in January-April of the same year increasing by more than 500%.
In the first half of 2021, the 100-degree search index peaked in January and February during a large number of billboards, and in April and May there were a number of small-scale 2.5.3 borrowings, which made it possible to achieve a growth rate of between 1 and 100 in blue.
It's much more powerful than its main competitors. Most of the great ones are using ip cooperation to attract children. At the start-up stage, branding funds are limited, and the great blues are working with the big players.
In 21 years, the city will be in the first position. Strong marketing strategies keep the market growing, especially since 2020, as compared to some of the leading brands in the industry, such as Bajfu and Le Chi Cattle.
The city of Lando is expected to reach 27.7 per cent, or the gas forest that will go beyond Bajfu to become China's first 2.6 brand of cheese: up-to-the-line, and net red money through a “breakdown” of crowds, the development of the gas forest consists of two main phases:
Phase I: Four-year-old flows accumulated. In 2017, in the early days of brand development, gas forests moved consumers with new ideas, and their visibility increased with the sustained flow conversion marketing of the little red books “grassing” and “two tiny twitching hands”.
In 2020, when the growth on the line was at its peak, Yuan Mo-sun Lin chose to advertise under the large scale of the mass media, with four to six high-frequency repeats of the brand ads after the Internet is popular, in such spaces as apartment buildings, writing buildings, etc., where consumers are required to pass every day.
The 100-point search of Coca-Cola, the main opponent, has been slightly higher than the Maroon forest for a long time, but since the gas forest began to launch a large number of ads in 2020, its search index has risen sharply, surpassing Coca-Cola in May 2020.
For two years in a row, the Cat 618 and Cat 11 shopping festivals took the first place to sell beverage items. With the help of the public media, the gas forest took only four years, and the sales were never enough.
50 million increased to 2.7 billion. At one time, the growth rate reached 300% in 2018 and 2020, and 3.1 was achieved, as measured by the investment in industry, and the past few times was consistent with corporate investment in consumer goods and the Internet sector, which contributed most in the past few years.
Internet services, automobiles, and communications are industries that have contributed 10% of their revenue. Corporate concentration is on the rise, with a convergence towards the two sectors of daily consumption and Internet services, and a 1h21 car acquisition tax reduction policy has greatly stimulated the Chinese automobile market in 2016.
In 2017, China’s vehicle-market financing event and the amount of money that it financed rose sharply, reaching a peak in 2015. With the support of a strong capital background, car companies increased their investment in advertising, and multiple car-type advertisements, such as the Chang Anfort series, a new crowd rush, and so forth, were launched in 2014-2017.
14.35%. In 2017, the policy stimulated a retreat, the market returned to normal, and the company ' s auto industry received revenue from 2010 to the present, with a number of booms in Internet services. The past decade has been a golden era of mobile Internet, ranging from electricity suppliers to payments, o2o to Internet finance, second-hand transactions, online education, etc.
In all aspects of life, a number of new “Internet+” economic models and sub-tracks have been created. The marketing booms have also erupted, such as the 2014 - 2015 drops and fast, uber web contracts, the Car Wars, 2015 - 2018 The United States Corps and Hungry Outward Subsidy Wars, 2017 - 2019.
Second-hand trading booms, community shopping booms from 2018 to the present, online teaching booms from 2020, etc. In order to capture the new track, gain market share, achieve landscape marketing, Internet companies have chosen to go offline.
The share of customers in the industry remained consistently high, with 38.52 per cent of Internet services in 2018 reaching an all-time high, with consumption rising and a large number of new consumer brands emerging.
In absolute terms, it peaked in 2019, when the Internet industry was under pressure from downstream demand, and the company was transformed into a consumer sector. On the other hand, in the context of the growth of the domestic cycle, consumption was structured and eliminated.
The fee group has been gradually upgraded, and the emerging consumer brands have entered the fast track. Companies have a strong ability to help them expand their influence, creating many brands, such as blues, cranes, and Swiss, that are favoured by new consumer companies, with a rising share of consumer income.
3.2 Consumer brands are still important advertisers for this year, and are concerned about the changes in consumption in 2022.
New consumer brands appear frequently on the advertising top 10 list, coming from a variety of consumer areas, such as food beverages, cosmetics, recreational products, and a diverse branding track shows the continued momentum of spending on new consumer brands. In addition to the new consumer brands, there are many small and medium-sized brands.
Card placement is worth digging, and with corporate intelligence research and development, it is hoped that more will be discovered in the future, paying attention to the changing trends in social consumption in the post-epidemiology era. For China, the world’s first country to emerge from the epidemic, the gdp has gradually returned to normal by the end of 2020, but in 2021, the epidemic re-emerged.
Since the year 2020, with a sharp decline in the rate of zero growth on a year-on-year basis, sustained attention has still to be paid in 2022 to the evolution of the epidemic, as well as to the changing trends in consumption. 3.3 The intensive listing of new energy vehicles on the market is expected to catalyze advertising, and the company’s client structure may change.
▪ New Energy Vehicles have undergone two phases of piloting and b-end penetration in more than a decade, and under policy guidance, new energy vehicles have smoothed through pre-testing and expansion, and are about to arrive at the market for toc end-users The Department of State has launched the New Energy Motor Industry Development Plan, which takes into account the supply capacity of products and markets
After the need for space, among other things, the Plan sets out the vision of China ' s new energy vehicle sales accounting for 20% of the total new vehicle sales by 2025. Currently, the new energy vehicle market is growing steadily, with the Chinese Automobile Association estimating that the share of new energy vehicles in 2021 and 2022 was 7.7%, 10%, end of c.
The demand is expected to go up, and the new energy vehicle industry is expected to enter the accelerated development phase, with a highly competitive sales of new energy vehicles in 2025, which is expected to trigger an increase in the number of cases: 2022, with the new vehicle type heavily marketed.
New car-making forces and new cars for overseas cars are on the market, and according to the Ministry of Trade and Communications's new model approval, as of November, there are 1565 new energy vehicles declared in the second half of this year. As new energy vehicles enter the market phase, the year 2022 will be full of flowers and competition.
In the case of cars such as Biadezonpro, Tangmaxdm-i with a price of 10 to 2 million, scooter c01, scavenging scavengers, Uret7 for mid-to-high-end customers, guild 001, North Silver Fox Alphas, etc.
The costs associated with the sale of new energy vehicles have continued to rise, with advertising contributing more to market promotion than in the past. The marketing and management costs of new energy vehicles are on the upward trend, as are the marketing and management inputs of the ideal three new power cars in 2021q3.
94.1 per cent, 27.8 per cent, and 1985 per cent of this increase is a steady increase in the cost of advertising or marketing, with annual advertising inputs accounting for 17.7 per cent of the cost of sa&g, 8.6 percentage points higher than in 2018, 6 per cent more than in 2019 and 16 per cent more than in 2020, respectively.
The cost of extension was 23.7 per cent in 2020, an increase of 13.3 per cent over 2018. With increased competition for the future market of new energy vehicles, intensive listing of new models, and expected further growth in the marketing inputs of car firms, the demand for advertising was catalyzed.
Figure 32: Precious sa & g costs (millions of dollars) Figure 33: Commercial input of peng as a percentage of sa & g costs
In the first half of the year, the television media have returned to 756,000, with 820,000 expected throughout the year.
Maintain 8 per cent of the same rate; poster media recovered slightly to 1.78,000 during the first half of the year, expected to return to 1.72 million during the year, followed by 2 per cent of the lower rate of the same rate of increase.
The higher the one-point rate, the higher the one-point rate in 21 years, the higher the one-point rate, as in the case of second-line cities, which cover people with greater consumption power, and the higher the impact of the television media on the poster media, 2019 to 2020.
This year, the number of television outlets in the second-line city has declined slightly, the majority of them have been below three, and the poster media (including the changes in data from the conversion of the poster media to the television media), as compared to the number of television spots in the second-line city this year.
This rise to 24.5 per cent is significantly higher than the 23 per cent level that has been stable for the last three years. (ii) The higher the budget for advertising, the higher the bid for advertising and the higher the rate of attendance (point utilization), the higher the level of single-point returns that has been boosted since this year by the same rate of expenditure on advertising.
Figure 34: Number of Distributive Media Elevator TV Media Point (millions) Figure 35: Number of Distributed Media Elevator Post Poster Media Point (millions) Figure 36: Rate of change between elevator lcd and elevator poster advertising case
3) Single-point costs, mainly rent and depreciation costs, influenced by local rental levels and equipment prices, with the higher the number of second-line urban television outlets, the higher the average cost of single-points, and the middle of the year, the adjusted location structure will be fully reflected in the next year's cost, so the second-line city television media will be present in the next year's cost.
The ratio is similar to the one-point cost of the following year. In the first half of the year, the single-point cost is about $810/half-year/point, and is expected to remain stable at $1620/year/point throughout the year, with the second-line television media being counted as compared to the next one.
1) The number of cooperative cinemas reflects the scope of the company ' s outreach, which has evolved in recent years similar to that of the building, with the company ' s surge in location in 2018, which began to be streamlined and optimized in 2019, with a small increase in 2020, and although the film industry has been underemployed by the epidemic, the company has been ahead of schedule since the beginning of the year.
In the first half of the year, a net increase of 1250 contracted studios, conservatively estimated to reach 14,000 by the end of 21, 2) single studio revenues are influenced by the advertising budget of both viewers and advertisers, the latter logic being similar to that of the building ' s media, the former mainly representing the promotion value of single studios for advertisers, which has been spreading for 20 years.
Depending on the situation, the number of people watching the studios and the single studios has declined, and the single studio revenues have fallen. From past data, the split studio revenues are more relevant to the country’s single-screen average annual fare.
Figure 40: The cost of single studios in the National Single Film Office averaged the cost of single studios and single studios earned 3 per cent is stable, but during the period of the epidemic there was a significant decrease due to the lack of work.
In the first half of the year, it has been restored to $364,000/point/half-year, with a projected annual cost of 7.28 million per year to the domestic economy. The advertising industry is highly relevant to macroeconomic trends, especially in the context of recurrent epidemics, and if the country’s economy as a whole is not recovering as much as expected, the client base is wide.
Competition in the industry increases the risk. The company’s current high profit margins in the ladder, film and advertising business are likely to result in a higher level of profit if other competitors enter the industry and compete with the company.
The company is actively expanding its overseas operations, which, if influenced by regional policies, epidemics, economics, etc., target for overseas outreach, will hinder the company’s pace of progress, thereby delaying its performance.
The company is actively preparing a plan for the listing of its shares, which, if not as fast as expected or if the listing fails, will have a negative impact on the company’s financing process and on the investment and development of its operations.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment