
Started with a lithium primary battery, stabilized the industry for four years, opened a consumer battery track for 10 years, and quickly achieved a head share, 15 years into the power/storage track, and quickly received a number of international call points, making it the brightest second-line battery company. We believe that its success has largely benefited from: 1)
Full route layout, more robust, sustained, precise and disaggregated outbreak; 2) break-through, high-standard high-level learning, targeting of large clients, internationalized branding, influence; 3) advanced vision, strategic refinement, with emphasis on large cylinders plus big lithium,
The battery technology is more comprehensive, the share of the battery is the second largest in the world, and the new product plus the sea is expected to break down. The company has three-dollar soft bags, three-dimensional squares, lithium squares, large cylinders, four main routes.
Layout, with a future focus on the stacking of lithium + large cylinder routes, the stacks of lithium have entered the harvest period, and the large cylinders are now fully produced and sold in 25 years. In sub-areas, one energy battery is now fully available, new products are opened and overseas capacity continues to be developed, with large-scale releases in the overseas market over 26 years;
In 24 years, with the second (10%) of the country's capacity, we're expecting a 150% increase in the volume of shipments; 3 times a car focus on expanding the size of the car, with small pap7+, scavenger, other new forces, etc., and adding up to the price improvement, building the big cylinder's acetylene product, with 25 years of hope.
In terms of profitability, battery prices are generally stable, capacity utilization is increasing, lithium primary battery taps are stable, consumer cylinder batteries are fully productive, small 3c battery applications are widely available, and Smoll continues to contribute to the return on investment.
We are expected to grow steadily each year by expanding the application landscape, with high levels of profitability of the product; the company cylinders, battery shares, third in the world, benefiting from trends such as unlined, lithium electrolysis, national substitution, product structure upgrades, demand for small cylinders of consumption, the company's current production is fully sold, and its domestic share is fast.
Lithium Million latitudes (3000014): Malaysian factories are expanding, and we expect 1.1 billion in 24 years, a 70 per cent increase; small 3c battery applications are widely available, with North American storage energy orders, and overseas markets are expanding precipitously.
In general, the emergence of new applications provides additional growth points; Smoll, as the e-smokers, values and competitiveness at billions of latitudes, is expected to contribute sound investment returns and provide companies with excellent profitability projections and investment ratings: we basically maintain a net return on the company for 24-26 years.
Lithium Million Latitude Energy (3000014): 3-quarter report 2024: Stocktaking: Performance in line with market expectations, storage for profit, 24 years of deep-deep lithium power industry, high-yielding hotspots of product lines
1.1. Company profile: Accurately captures the segment, with future stacks of lithium + large cylinders, and future stacks of lithium + large cylinders. Billions of latitudes were created in 01, and their distribution can be divided into three main phases: 1) Focus on the lithium primary battery (2001-2009): from the company ' s lithium primary battery, starting with Dega.
Work to self-production, access to the national grid table purchasing system in September, and marketing of ipo; 2) Focus on the consumption of lithium ion, starting the layout of the power + storage capacity (2010 - 2017): horizontal expansion of operations, 12 years of construction of the Lake North gold spring for the production of lithium ion batteries, 14 years of acquisition of Smoll's predecessor, McVeil, start of layout power and storage operations, 15 years of square and cylindrical volume
Production; 3) Launch of a new phase of power cell (2018-present): 18 years of joint production of three-dollar soft-pack batteries, 18-22 years of targeted customers such as Daimler, Modern Chia, BMW, Jaguar Road Rover and Chengdu, 21 years of deposit of stacked iron, the battery route of lithium + large cylinders, 23 years of harvest, and 24 years of high-volume batteries.
Full route layout, high-end high standards, and quick learning. The rapid rise of Lithium billion latitudes is largely due to: 1) full-line layout: no-trace technology routes, column, package and shell parallels, sustained forward-looking layouts, successful responses to wind vents, precise-consumption break-out areas; 2) high-end standards: stable with rich electrochemical understanding and industrialization experience
(c) Break-through: the company ' s lithium primary batteries, the layout of the cylinder cells were early and fast-tracked to the head, the power cells were late but fast-tracked, independently developed and endorsed by the BMW on the basis of a three-dollar package with the cooperation of the ski.)
1.2. Corporate management: lithium technology has a strong background, strategic vision and precision.
The chairman and actual controller, Liu Jin-sung, Dr. Electrochemist +emba, have been in the complex background for 40 years now, with 40 years of experience in battery research, a forward-looking industrial layout, a focus on the depth of technology, a unique view of the technological layout of the company, and behind them are well-known universities and scientific institutions such as Wu Da. President Liu Jianhua has long been in charge of the company’s domestic marketing work, and he has been in charge of the company’s domestic marketing work.
Strategic vision and decision-making. Corporate management has a strong background in lithium power technology, leading the core, the corporate technology industry is leading, strategicly unique, and has a share in the storage, power, consumer, etc. market. 1.3. Corporate governance: stable equity structure, business sector management model, emphasis on motivation for talent development
The stock structure is stable and the shareholding ratio is 39.85%. The shareholders in the company, who are actually in control of Liu Jin Sung, and the camel and red couple, together hold 39.85% of the company’s shares in direct or indirect terms, and the shareholding ratio for all shareholders is less than 5%, so the equity structure is very stable.
The structure of the company consists of functional departments and business departments, including the Lithium primary battery industry, the Lithium ion battery industry, the power industry, the storage energy industry, the overseas industry, etc., with clear lines of authority, flexible autonomy and high motivation.
With talent at its core, high priority is given to talent development, and equity incentives are broad and continuous.
1.4. Corporate operations: multi-business balanced growth, 54 per cent compound growth over the past seven years; high growth, with lithium ion cell operations growing 15 years on a year-on-year basis as power cell sales begin to take place
From power and consumption of cylindrical batteries. The company collected 48.8 billion yuan in 23 years, an increase of 34% in the same year, resulting in a net profit of 4.1 billion yuan in the mother, an increase of 15%; 34 billion yuan in the q1-q3 battalion in 24 years, a decrease of 4% in the same year, a net profit of 3.2 billion yuan in the mother, a decrease of 1.5. Business structure: power + consumer batteries developed in synergy, a high rate of recovery
Power + consumer batteries are developed in synergy, with a wide range of applications and high-speed rises. Corporate diversity, power + consumer batteries are developed in synergy. 1) Power & storage batteries: products containing square lithium, square triple, soft bag trio, large cylinders and battery systems are used mainly in new energy electric vehicles and storage.
Ten billion dollars, a 146 per cent increase in the same year, is a high increase in revenue from the three-dollar power-driven operation of the storage capacity of lithium and soft bags, and in 24 years we expect to collect over $37 billion; and 2) consumer batteries: products containing lithium cells, cylindrical batteries, bean batteries and mini-packs, which are widely applied to electric tools and electric two-wheeler vehicles, electromagnetizers, tws headphones, smart fittings.
In the field of preparedness, we expect to collect over $10 billion in 24 years. 2. Motion storage batteries: four routes, four of the most potential second-line manufacturers, four essential conditions for the emergence of a second-line battery company.
Second-line battery companies need four essential conditions for R & D management, product quality, large customers, and profitability. Lithium is the most profitable and mature company in a second-line battery plant.
These indicators are highly demanding, and they depend on strong research and development teams and excellent managerial capabilities. Sustained investment in R & D management is an important driver of the rise of second-line battery companies, and excellent management and research and development teams are an important factor in the accumulation of competitive advantages among second-line battery companies.
Condition II: High standards of battery quality are required. Safety is the natural properties of a moving battery, priority and non-equilibrium, the safety and performance of a moving battery is essential, as tested by the integrated manufacturing and equipment management capabilities of an enterprise, the need for complete raw material procurement, production processing, product detection, product entry banks, and post-sale quality control.
A complete set of quality control and management chains to ensure a high standard of battery quality. Condition III: Need to get endorsements through the large customer supply chain. A high-quality customer structure is an important guarantee of enterprise development, and large clients have extensive industrial experience and can provide high and stable quality orders.
The endorsement of a large customer supply chain can further streamline the production system, improve management manufacturing capacity, counter-milk its own technology, upgrade its products, expand its production capacity, secure orders and digest its production capacity, and further enhance industry influence. Condition IV: Reasonable profitability is required and a well-developed supply chain is needed. In the mobile battery market, low-cost measures are implemented at an early stage.
A modest share of the market, but it is difficult to sustain at a later stage, requiring substantial and sustained R & D inputs and capacity expansion. Effective cost control is a key element in market competition.
Long-term sustainable development in reasonable areas, endorsed by breaking through the supply chain of large clients 2.2. Late start and then move up, from cooperation to self-research development.
The company’s active battery storage business started late, but it is growing rapidly as a whole, and now is largely stored and powered by the creation of a differentiated development route for the stacking of lithium + large cylinders. The development of mobile batteries at the billion latitudes can be divided into four stages: (a) phase one: start of the layout of the storage cells and open them.
The company's 15-year transformational layout of mobile storage batteries, which is later than the entry of other battery plants, is growing rapidly, and 16-year power strategy layouts are proposed for the co-existing of lithium and tri-dollars, which include a rectangular lithium locator, a commercial car market; 17-year bulk supply of Nanjing Kinglong and Yutong passenger vehicles to open the bus market; and 2) Phase II: working together with sk in soft-pack batteries.
In 18 years, the company partnered with the ski to enter the high-end passenger vehicle market and successfully entered the Daimler, modern Kia supply chain; 3) Phase III: Self-researching technology to get a client's spot. In 19 years, the company acquired a three-dollar softweight battery order, self-researched the three-digit square to get BMW, and started to develop large cylinder batteries; in 20 years, the hybrid system won BMW, BMW, BMW, BMW, BMW, BMW, BMW, BMW.
Jaguar Lugger fixes, accelerates the development of large cylinders, and succeeds in joining second-line power cell manufacturers in the country: 4) Phase IV: Establishment of a differentiated route for stacking of titanium titanium plus cylinders. Since 21, the company has adjusted its strategic focus to square titanium and large cylinders, obtaining orders for large cylinder batteries in the BMWneueklase series of vehicles, successfully offlined in 22, 4680 battery products, and won Germany.
National BMW, Chengdu, etc., was launched in 23 years and upgraded to 628k, with a phase of the super-storage plant and mr.big officially launched at the end of the 24th year.
In terms of product layout, the four routes of Lithium at 100 million latitudes are arranged, and the stacks of lithium + large cylinders will be placed in the future. In the period ahead, companies will not gamble on the future mainstream technology, focus on research and development, multi-routine layouts will be spread across the board, and a three-dimensional square, triple-packed, lithium-shaped, large-cylinder four-track strategy will be established, with precise and parallel diversification strategies.
In the future, when the technology is clear, companies focus on the best-seeing stacks of lithium and large cylinders, with the two main layouts: the low-end, low-end, low-end, low-end, high-end, high-end, high-end, high-end, high-end, forward-looking, strategic, and constantly increasing the industrial voice of the stacks of lithium and large cylinders.
2.3. Energy battery storage: the second-largest global share in 24 years, the next-generation chain of big lithium products 2.3.1. Storage battery output is growing at a high rate, with hundreds of millions of latitudes leaping to the second-largest global compound rate of 20 per cent, requiring about 1,200 gwh in 30 years.
The share of Lithium is rising rapidly, rising to the second highest level in the world in 24 years. According to our projections, the storage battery pattern is relatively stable, with Ningde and billion latitudes holding the second highest share. In 24 years, the Ningdian energy battery delivered 110gwhh, with the city increasing by 32.8%, with 0.7pt, the billion latitude lithium energy battery releasing 53gwh, with the city increasing by 15.5%, and 2.5pt.
The share has risen rapidly. Biadi's battery output is 20gwhh, with 6.0% of the city's share, down by 5.7 pct. In addition, there is a significant increase in the storage of new energy sources, China-Innovation, China-Creatives, Sea-ear storage, Vision-energy, etc., and we expect a stable overall pattern of storage batteries over the 25-year period.
2.3.2. Reserves can double continuously, and in second-line battery plants they are the most resilient of the company ' s large storage customers: Hwa, Sun, Powin, Wassiran, abs, etc., and are mainly involved in the Volta energy, and are expected to produce 50-55gwh over a 24-year period.
(a) Large storage: companies are suppliers of national grids, southern grids, national electricity, China dynasty, solar power sources, powin, Wassiland, abs, etc.; (b) telecommunications supply: companies are suppliers of Chinese mobile, Chinese towers; (c) annual storage is expected to increase by 50-55gwh, double the figure, with large stocks of 45-50gwh and households storing 5gwh
2.3.3. Collapse lithium is suitable for storage energy cores, the company takes the lead in capping large lithium iron, the trend is clear in the flation of iron lithium, and the stacking program has a circulation advantage.
The power density of the core is higher, so the stacking program is more suitable for storage energy and naturally fit for large-volume batteries. But the stacking process is relatively inefficient, so it is easy to produce barbing and dust at the time of modulation, and the production process is relatively demanding. At present, the storage cells in Ninder are still dominated by curing processes, with tens of millions of latitudes of lithium-based storage batteries dominated by stacking processes, and are in the shape of a dragon-head enterprise.
In a differentiated layout, which now spans to the fourth generation of stacking technologies, and through innovative confluorescent and 3t technologies, the current 0.15s/pcs stacking speed, 96.2% energy efficiency, pb-level defect rates, are expected to naturally fit with the large core, and the billion-latitude lithium can lead the lithium program. The 24-year mainstream specifications of the storage market are still the 24-year main specifications.
280ah, capacity begins to move to 314ah, with the same size, primarily increasing the physical density of the material, thus increasing the energy density of the storage core. As the claims are raised by the integrated firm, the storage battery continues to shift towards the large power core.
New stream technology and 3t technology, 560ah super-capacity; further upgraded to 628ah in January 24, with the introduction of a new generation of mr flagship products, including mr.big cores and mr.giant storage systems.
The first production of 600ah+ storage cores. We expect the company to produce 15gwh by the end of 24 years, with 25 years of capacity, 7-8gwh, which represents 10% of the capacity of the stock, and 75gwh, 26 years at the end of the 25th year, and 2.3.4. Malaysian factories have been operating for 26 years, continuously upgrading their capacity to deliver overseas.
Overseas storage capacity is scarce, Malaysian factories have been in operation for 26 years, and large-scale deliveries have been opened overseas. The company Malaysia’s plant capacity planning is 10gwh (based on 314ah and 15gwh based on 628ah), which is expected to be operational in 26 years.
The core, the scarcer capacity of domestic producers to store overseas can enhance product competitiveness in terms of lowering the tariff impact, with millions of latitudes moving faster, having already received Powin's 15gwh, aesi's 19.5gwh, and signing a cooperation agreement with a group of customers in the Americas, where Malaysian factory owners supply overseas markets, which is currently in short supply.
Based on a 26-year shipment of 10gwh, we expect to increase the ratio of Lithium to North American storage capacity to around 5-10%. 2.3.5. Storage capacity: build the capacity to deliver big lithium plus overseas, promote the subsequent increase in profitability, build the capacity to deliver large lithium plus overseas, and promote the subsequent increase in profitability.
Precision, leading the card folding + big lithium program, sustained energy storage battery technology. 1 large lithium was released for 25 years, with a dual advantage in performance costs, 7-8 gwh expected to be delivered for 25 years, close to 10%, and 26 years expected to be delivered. In addition, the company ' s overseas delivery capacity was increased, Malaysian factories were operational early in 26 years, and the shipment was expected to be 10 gwh, sea for 26 years.
2.4. Power cells: The share of commercial vehicles has increased rapidly, and the vehicle strategy holds the cylinders 2.4.1. The rate of global electricization has continued upwards, with a share of 2.3 per cent of a billion-latitude lithium energy for 24 years, with a significant gap with regard to the long line. The domestic pattern of explosives has continued, with the new cycle of overseas vehicles increasing by about 20 per cent over the next two years.
At the end of the new energy cycle, about 17 million vehicles were sold globally in 24 years, an increase of 27 per cent. A 25-year domestic consumption policy was renewed, with sales expected to increase by 25 per cent to about 16 million, while sales in Europe and America were expected to be stable for 25 years, but a new h2 cycle was opened, with annual power cell demand expected to reach 2700gwhh.
In January-November of 24 years, Global Power Battery stood at 289gwh, with 36.8% of the city and 0.6 pct of the same year; Biadi ranked second with 134gwh, 17.1% of the city and 1.2pc of the same year; and billions of latitudes were ranked ninth in the range of installed machines.
18gwh, the city ' s share of 2.3%, is the same. Lithium billion latitudes have a lower share of global power for 24 years, with a large gap with tap producers and close to the share of other second-line manufacturers.
In 24 years, according to the Sne, the main vehicles will be Eyan (30%), Peng (21%), and the annual power output is expected to be 27.5gwh, equivalent to 2.1%, and the 25-year power output is expected to be about 38gwh, equivalent to 38.5%.
2.4.3. Commercial vehicles: The volume of loadings doubled over 24 years, with the share of lithium energy rising to 10 per cent at 100 million latitudes. According to the domestic commercial car market, the volume doubled over 24 years, with the domestic share of lithium energy at 9.5 per cent at 100 million latitudes, with an increase of 2.2 pct, with a 150 per cent increase in volume +. In January-November 24 years, the volume of domestic commercial vehicles sold was 470,000, with an increase of 60 per cent, and the capacity installed at 51gwh.
The top three clients were Trinity, Jili Commercial, Witricht, and Wirtschaftsprüf. The hundreds of millions of Lithium were relatively dispersed, with a theoretically stronger competitive advantage over the relative concentration of commercial car customers.
In addition, commercial vehicle batteries are similar to storage batteries, and the market share is expected to increase by a billion latitudes, depending on a stack of lithium. We expect the company to have 10 gwh+, a 150% increase in commercial traffic over 24 years, and to be expected to remain high for 25 years.
In terms of domestic passenger vehicle markets, many years of certified entry into large customers and the rise of second-line battery plants in the last three years. Together with the acceleration of electricization, the demand for new energy vehicles has expanded rapidly and the company has been fully flowering. In order to secure the battery supply chain, it has reduced its volume. After five to seven years of certification, the technology for rectangular lithium, high voltage, etc. of the second-line battery plant has been developed.
With client approval, successful entry into the large customer supply chain, a higher share of installed aircraft, and the rise of the second-line battery plant. Marking leads to improved costs and higher crop rates, and significant improvements in customer quality and structure.
In the case of car customers, the tens of millions of latitudes can rapidly increase their share of the new energy sources, using cars, pelican cars, and conglomerates, which together account for 70% + in 24 years.
Overseas car companies add large cylinders, make factory decisions less difficult, and BMW publishes new cars in 25 years. The Tsla rate starts with 4680 cylinders in 20 years, with a high-capacity, high-multiplier, low-cost advantage and small-scale in 23 years.
In addition, BMW announced a new neueklasse platform in 25 years, using 4695 and 46120 programs, targeting cars and suv, respectively, which are expected to boost the penetration of large cylinders.
Volvo, stellentis, Uttar Pradesh, Jiang Huai, Wei, etc., have been planning for large cylinder batteries. Since the battery, overseas manufacturers such as Tesla, Matsu, lig, and domestic manufacturers such as Ningdé, Lithium Million latitudes have advanced the 46 series of large cylinder battery layouts. Tesla has produced 4680 batteries in 23 years.
Some 15-20gwh, lg, new energy plans for 24 years q4, one output of 8gwh, projected 24 years o4, one capacity of 10gwh, and 23 years of production of 1 billion latitude lithium, which is now available as a result of the improved calibration process. Overall, the low, lges, and 100 million latitudes of lithium are ready to produce 4680 dimensions, and the industry is 25 years old.
Large cylinders have been set up for BMW, stacked with hybrid models, and large applications have been launched in 25 years. The company's 46 series of cylinders have been set up for major operations, with orders from the German BMW's neueklase series, beginning in the 25th year of the New World.
In addition, the company's cylinders cover a full range of triples, lithium, pure electricity, amplification, etc., issuing an omnicell full-power 6c batteries, using multi-faceted cooling techniques, a 20% increase in low-temperature continuation, a 5.6-fold increase in square strength, and are easily disassembly and renewable. The company has overcome all-polar welding, flattening, etc.
The total intended customer demand for the next five years is about 486 gwh, sufficient to cover the company ' s large-cylinder battery capacity, and the company expects to start large-scale applications in 25 years. Figure 14: Production of maps and technological advantages of the billion-latitude lithium omnicell product
Figure 13: Billions of latitude lithium energy large column products display maps and technological advantages. Large cylinders are designed to produce more than 100 gwh, with a 25-year export forecast of 5 gwh, and a 26-year delivery estimate of 10 gwh. Under the BMW cooperation programme, two million latitude lithium plants will be set up in China and Europe, each with an annual production capacity.
20gwh. The company plans 30gwh cylinders in Hungary, which is expected to be operational in 26 years; the domestic gate plans 20gwh, which is built in three stages, with a total of 7gwh in one phase, and 13gwh in two and three phases, which is expected to be operational by the end of 24 years; the interior of the country plans 21gwh, the Shenyang plans 10gwh and Yunnan plans 20gwh in 25 years.
We expect the company to deliver 5gwh in 25 years and 10gwh in 26 years, which is expected to continue to grow at a high rate, creating a driving force for subsequent business growth. 2.4.6. Launching the cls cooperation model to build global brand influence
In the case of Europe and the United States, Lithium billion has been able to launch a global co-operative business model, namely co-operation, technology licensing, and services. In September 23rd, Lithium Million was fully-owned by the United States of America.
The Müller truck, Pakka, signed an agreement to co-finance a joint venture in the United States and invest in the construction of battery capacity, the planned capacity of 21gwh is expected to be completed in 26 years, with $150 million at latitudes, 10 per cent at latitudes, and the remaining three at $850 million each, 30 per cent in shares. In addition, hundreds of millions of lithium cans or their subsidiaries receive authorization as agreed.
Fees represent a high degree of recognition of corporate technology and products by North American customers, and we expect that in the future, billions of latitudes of lithium will enjoy better levels of profitability and increase global brand influence.
The new set-up has increased the volume of large cylinders and has contributed to the subsequent increase in profit levels. The power industry has seen a billion latitudes of lithium that are already in harvest, but are underutilized by the use of vehicles, with an overall balance of gains and losses for 24 years. 1 Following the new set-up, the number of vehicles has increased and has moved into the small pp7+ supply chain, with a gradual increase in the use of q4 power capacity over 24 years, and has been snuffled.
Cars are targeted, new models are increased, we expect a significant increase in q2 capacity over 25 years, and power profits are summed up by 2.5. Dynamic storage: technology + capacity + cost advantages are available to watch billions of latitudes break out in the second line, billions of latitude lithium energy technologies, production planning, cost layout lead, companies break out in the second-line battery plant.
Technology: The company ' s four main lines are fully high-standard layout, with stacked lithium + large cylinders, excellent research and development, technological excellence, leadership, forward direction, product performance, and approval by large clients; (ii) capacity: the company ' s output is expanding at an accelerated rate, its output is planned at 500gwh, it is the leading producer in a second-line company, and it is matched by client-intentional orders; (iii) production is achieved
Ben: The company's overall upstream industrial chain is structured to ensure high-quality and stable upstream resources, material supply, well-managed supply chains, large size, cost advantages, and is in the first line of industry. Technology + capacity + cost advantage drops, and we think that hundreds of millions of latitudes of lithium can break out of second-line battery manufacturers.
The best in the second line is Lithium 1 billion latitudes, with a profit of 0.02-0.03 yuan in 24 years q3 single-wh in 24 years. The best profit in the second-line battery plant was 0.12 yuan in 24 years, and the best profit in the second-line battery plant was followed by a profit of 0.02-0.03 yuan in the billion-latitude lithium single-wh.
The same 47% increase, with a doubling of the same ratio of 52.5gwh storage capacity, a slight drop of 28gwh, a steady rise in the stock market, an increase in the number of power-applied new models, a 43% increase in 25 years of active storage of about 115gwhh, a similar increase of 76gwh.
Medium storage capacity of $0.02 and power surplus/loss balance, with the increase in capacity utilization, lithium, cylinders, offshore bases 3. Consumer batteries: consumer vents, deep layout new markets 3.1. Consumer battery vents, constant contributions to stabilizing cash flow
A wide range of applications, wind vents, and consumer batteries contribute to stabilizing cash flow. The main product of the billion-latitude lithium-consumption battery plates is mainly processing by United States companies, producing lithium primary batteries autonomously in 06-09, successfully entering the national grid meter supply system in 09, fast-released, benefiting from 17 years of shared bicycle vents, with an etc dividend in 18-19 years, and now the company is stable in the lithium field.
Battery: In 10 years, lithium ion batteries began to be distributed, the company ' s electronic smoke battery market reached 10 per cent in 11 years, the company ' s electronic smoke battery market was acquired for 12 years, German conglomerates benefited from rapid developments in the electronic smoke market over 13 years, the consumption of lithium batteries increased by 500 per cent, the tws headphone gold bean cell was launched in 19 years, and a tws headphone outbreak is taking place, with a steady increase in the current harvest.) cylinder batteries: 18 years
The company ' s three-cylinder transition consumption battery has been a major success, mainly in the area of electric tools, becoming the tti, 100-d Nations supplier, with the highest share in the country, accompanied by industry trends such as unwidthing + lithium + nationalized + single-lined-banded electricity upgrading of electric tools, increasing demand for electric tools, maintaining high growth in company operations and moving towards product structural optimization,
3.2. Cylinder batteries: end of storage, full production, plus overseas capacity to benefit from non-lined + lithium electrification, electric tool battery demand to burst, high-quality production capacity to be in short supply.
The increase in safety needs, the trend towards unwieldy and lithium electrolysis of electric tools, the increase in the number of single-strap electric tools, the increase in the number of electric tools, the annual increase in the demand for lithium batteries, which reached 2.8 billion worldwide in 2021, and the projected combined growth rate of 12 per cent in 2021-2025, with high-quality production still in short supply, including parks.
In addition, foreign-head companies are leaving the sea on a massive scale, replacing firms like Lithium at 10000 latitudes and the Blue Lithium core with a high rate of output growth. The industry’s banking cycle ends with 1.1 billion deliveries in 24 years, returning to high growth rates.
Mainly for electric tools and outdoor garden products, industrial demand was weak in 22-23 years, large clients went to the stores, lithium was actively expanded, and in March 24, billion latitudes of lithium v cylinders were fully productive, with an annual capacity of over 1.5 billion, followed by 700-80 million Malaysian layouts, and 200-300 million are expected to be produced in 25 years.
Small 3c applications are extensive, and output is growing steadily. The company’s small 3c batteries are mainly bean cells, soft beam batteries, and soybean battery revenues are expected to grow steadily by 5%, small bean batteries are expected to grow by 20-25%, overall non-circles by 3.4. Lithium primary batteries: domestic market taps, robust growth in harvests, and Maori rates are expected to remain high.
Lithium primary battery stores are growing steadily and continue to contribute to high-quality cash flows. The company is firmly at the forefront of the domestic market in the area of lithium primary batteries, which account for about 50% of the market. Lithium primary battery products are used mainly in smart meters, smart traffic (etc), birth pressure monitoring, and Maori rates are maintained at a high level. We expect the company to collect 2.6 billion yuan in lithium primary batteries in 24 years.
The consumer battery base is growing steadily, with a stable rate of 25% + and a bright profit level. We expect the company to consume hundreds of millions of dollars, of which lithium primary batteries contribute $600 million, cylindrical batteries contribute $700 million, non-cylindrical lithium ion 4.
4.1. Global e-smoking policies continue to improve, benefiting leading enterprises in compliance, e-smoking is a strong regulatory industry with deep policy implications for industry development, global e-smoking policies continue to improve, and large-scale e-smoking enterprises, such as Yusmore, are developing.
China: In the era of orderly management, product tastes have decreased, and consumer taxes have increased the cost of purchasing. In mid-April 2022, the country introduced an intensive electronic smoke policy, a mandatory national standard for electronic smoke, an electronic smoke management scheme, and a bulletin on a consumption tax on electronic smoke, including: 1) a taste ban, allowing only the production of tobacco flavors; 2) all.
In addition, in November 2022, the National Tobacco Office formally introduced a consumption tax on e-smoking; in September 2024, the National Tobacco Office revised and issued regulations governing e-smoking transactions and set up a unified national e-smoking platform.
(a) United States: Previously, the Food and Drug Administration (fda) imposed a ban on fumigation of electronic smoke, and on 21 June 2024, fda adopted an authorization for the sale of four mint-flavored electronic smoke products under the brand njoy flag.
This is also the first time that fda has approved the sale of non-smoking e-smoking in the United States, signalling recognition of the reduced harm of e-smoking products; 2) Europe: the market share is expected to increase further, with tpd being a global e-smoking plant dragon with looser regulation, smog-based e-smoking taxes, taste bans and strict regulation or global e-smogization.
In the first place, the scale of brand-owned business has continued to rise, with industry concentration accelerating in the context of a trend towards more global regulation, while firms rely on compliance, technological excellence, healthy customer structures and open and flexible competition barriers to business models, highlighting that market shares are expected to increase further.
4.2. Smoll: two business models + three business branches, full penetration: two business models + three business branches, full penetration of the industry. Two business models: odm+ own brand; three major business branches: closed electronic fog equipment + closed electronic fogizers for heat-free products + open electronic fog
In 2019, the company began to operate in the heat-free equipment market (odm), producing, for the first time, aerosols to heat-free electronic smoke for Japanese tobacco production.
Burning technology platform metex. In the future, companies will continue to invest in closed mist product brands, which are represented by feelm, thermal non-combustion product brands, and open mist brands, which are represented by vapresso, to optimize the branding of group multi-products.
4.3. Smaur: The profit from the harvest fell, contributing $500 million a year, 200 million a year, q2 million a year, q3 million a year a year a year a year a year a year a year of profit, q3 million a year a year a year of profit, the pool a year of $600-70 million, the consumption of lithium a year of $800-90 million, Smaur a year of investment a year a year of $400 million, lithium carbonate and middle swimming.
Contributions to investment earnings 1-150 million yuan; 25 years of active storage of about 115gwh, +43 per cent of the same year, nearly 3 billion yuan in profits, $700 million in lithium cells, 900-1 billion in lithium electricity consumption, 500 million in investment earnings from Seymour, 1-150 million in carbonate and middle-swap investment returns, and $1 billion in equity incentives.
Market competition increases risks: the market for new energy cars is growing rapidly and the market is becoming more competitive. Powered batteries, as one of the core components of new energy cars, attract a large number of investors to compete in the market through industrial transformation, acquisitions and mergers.
Raw material price volatility risk: raw material costs are higher than the overall cost, and raw material price volatility will directly affect the level of Maori in each section. Overseas policy change risk: US policy volatility may lead to a decline in industry, and Trump is campaigning for power.
Make a commitment that President Biden’s policies on electric cars and wind power will be abolished when he comes to power, not excluding the fact that East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is already qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.