An in-depth study by Lithium Battery Industries. The bottom-reverse expansion highlights the grand picture, and high-quality asset valuation is expected to reshape 1. The company ' s finances and operations are good assets and are expected to grow through the cycle.
Companies start from making consumer batteries, and now maintain a leading position in many segmented markets; dynamic storage batteries enter productive release periods, and harvests are gradually ahead of the draining industry. In terms of business management, the cost of marketing is lower than the industry’s leader, and financial cost management is stronger. In terms of innovation, companies value R & D investment, and R & D costs are higher than those of leading firms. We believe that good corporate finance and operations are high-quality assets and are expected to grow through the cycle.
The company’s new project is basically a large-cylinder project, and its main projects include the 23gwhh phosphorus phosphate storage power cell project and the 21gwhill-by-carriage project.
Power cell project.” We expect the company's large cylinder capacity to be released centrally in 2026-2027, and now the company's large cylinder battery has received an intended demand of 260gwh+ from its major customers, and future orders are well-defined, and the company is expected to raise the global market through large cylinder batteries.3 The overseas storage capacity is expected to remain high, with the consumer battery landscape rising upwards.
1) With the arrival of interest-reduction cycles in major economies in Europe and the United States, the potential for efficiency gains is expected to be more pronounced. With new production and the delivery of global purchase orders, future stock delivery is expected to continue at a high rate. 2) With regard to consumer batteries, the downwinding has continued to rise, corporate consumer cylindrical battery products have been fully sold, and corporate consumer battery sales are expected to continue to increase as Malaysia’s base becomes operational.
4. Investment Recommendations: Companies are high-quality assets at the bottom of the cycle, with short-term financial soundness, long-term opportunities, and opportunities for bottom layout. Considering raw materials 1, financials and operations sound, it is expected that they will grow through the cycle, that the bottom will expand backwards, and that large cylinder batteries are expected to shape differential competitive advantages.
The growth of overseas storage is expected to continue, with the consumer battery landscape rising upwards The company's development: from the replacement of the lithium original battery national production to the launch of the mobile storage battery Phase I: from the founder's technical background to the technical difficulties of capturing the lithium original battery, to the domestic market with foreign brands, and then to the use of hydropower tables, etc.
Phase II: Rapid development and production of small, soft packages of lithium ion batteries, tws “bean batteries” and other consumer battery markets, such as electronic smoke, tws headphones, and 3c. • Phase III: capture of power customers, such as Daimler, BMW, modern, peng, Guangmoan, and Metro transportation, and shaping product differentiation advantages through large cylinder batteries.
• Phase IV: Active access to offshore storage facilities, sustained access to overseas storage energy orders, benefiting from the rapid growth of global demand in the dynamic storage energy market to achieve a high rate of output growth.
Signing with powin, signing with aesi, producing lithium phosphate batteries.
Sign with the Nanjing Golden Dragon the power storage power to replace Kia for the German treasure.
The Jaguar Road, the 20gwhart at the Gate, the German BMW, *
Strategic Cooperation Agreement, Pool Production Base One,
Chengdu's gas carrier, the pool base class, and it's done.
Tiger vendor sign with daimlerag for volume loader
Second stage of commissioning, stationing, multi-year supply agreements.
Hungarian kimono buys the Tesai conglomerate assets and promotes the purchase of Kaco, Shenzhen City.
The company has become a small-scale powered lithium.
Rolling out a tws ear-to-broom consumer battery, limited in West Asia.
Geocylinder batteries ion batteries (electronic smoke batteries)
The main business of the Global Fifth Company, which consists mainly of consumer batteries, power cells and storage cells, is consumer batteries (including lithium primary batteries, small lithium ion batteries, cylinder batteries), power cells (including new energy cylinders).
Research and development, production and marketing of motor batteries and their battery systems, and storage batteries. Corporate consumer batteries remain at the forefront in a number of market segments: power cells and storage cells have completed the first stage of building their capacity and are beginning to move into power cell-to-power battery-to-consumption battery-to-other operations
The Māori rate for corporate mobile batteries is in the first tier, with the consumer battery industry leading the Māori reserve industry. In the last two years, the Māori rate for companies has declined to around 15 per cent, mainly because of a significant increase in raw material prices, but the company’s level of profitability has remained in the first tier. With the return to upstream material prices, the Māori ratio has been restored.
With regard to batteries, the company’s Māori rate has declined in the last two years, but it has remained above 30%, with industry leading, and we expect that interest rates for the battery business will be restored and will contribute to the company’s steady growth profits. Corporate cost management capacity will continue to improve, with emphasis on investment in research and development.
Corporate cost management continues to improve, sales costs, management costs, and financial cost ratios as a whole. Corporate sales costs are lower than industry leaders, mainly due to lower corporate post-sale combined services costs. Corporate management costs increased more in 2022 and 2023, mainly as a result of equity incentives.
Companies value R & D inputs, and R & D costs are higher than those of leading firms. Corporate R & D costs have remained at around 6% in recent years, higher than industry priorities, mainly because of higher corporate costs for R & D staff salaries, depreciation and amortization, development design fees, etc., reflecting an overall downward trend in the company ' s financial cost ratios for products in recent years, with interest income and exchange loss management capabilities, and interest income as a percentage of revenue earned
The firm's capital structure remained stable and its cash flow was good.
The company’s cash flow has been good in recent years, with a sustained and substantial increase in its cash and cash equivalent balances at the end of the period, with the cash flow generated by business activities growing at an explosive rate in the past two years, with the company’s cash reserves more abundant. At the same time, the cash received by the company for the supply of goods and services sold has remained largely above 70% of operating income, with a strong repayment capacity, and we expect the company’s future cash flow to remain positive.
1. Financial and operational soundness, promising growth through the cycle, expansion of the bottom in reverse, large cylinder batteries are expected to shape differential competitive advantages, overseas reserves are expected to remain high, and consumer batteries are expected to grow upwards.
In 2024, corporate capital spending on battery storage with excess industrial capacity was significantly reduced, while companies issued loans to raise funds for new projects and built capacity. We believe that companies are expected to further increase their market share through regressive expansion: 1) re-opening history, at the bottom of the previous cycle.
2) Overcapacity in the industry is mainly a homogenous competitive capacity, while the company's new expansion is capable of providing differentiated competitive advantages, more certainty on orders, and the company's large cylinder battery product is in short supply. The new project is basically a large cylinder project. The company's current production capacity for the cylindrical lithium phosphate and the three-dollar cylindrical battery is still relatively low and the product is in short supply.
The current production capacity of lithium products includes only the 3gwhh phosphate cell project at the north gate of the lake, with a total capacity utilization rate of 78 per cent in 2023 and 86 per cent in the first quarter of 2024, with a sales rate of 108 per cent and 90 per cent, respectively, and a good sales performance; the current production line of the three-dollar column product project with a vehicle lithium ion power cell project and the Shenyang billion latitude large cylindrical battery project are still under construction and are expected to release only about 2-4gwh capacity.
According to the 2023 report, projects with capacity-building progress of less than 50% of the company’s capacity are basically large cylindrical projects, which are expected to be released in 2026-2027. We expect that the future share of corporate cylindrical production in the company’s overall power storage capacity will increase rapidly, with companies abroad.
The planned/constructed mobile storage cells are basically large cylinder batteries, and it is expected that in the future large cylinder batteries will become the intended demand of 286gwh+ for corporate mobile battery products overseas, and that corporate large cylinder batteries will be the main customer with a greater degree of certainty in future orders.
At the end of 2023, the main customers’ intended needs for the next five years were approximately 77gwh, and the three-dollar cylinders had about 286gwh in the next five years, and future orders were highly definitive.
Overseas customers are more receptive to large cylindrical batteries, and companies are expected to raise global market penetration through large cylindrical batteries, which are more secure than square cells, have the advantage of having a stable mechanical structure, and are more suitable for high energy density material systems such as high nickel and silicon. Large cylindrical batteries are more productive and less costly than small cylindrical batteries.
Cylinders are mainly in the middle and upper end of the vehicle market, and the phosphate lithium cylinders are used mainly in the household storage, communication storage, and entry-level car market. Overseas customers have a higher acceptance of large cylinder power cells: 1) higher end-of-pipe vehicles are in greater demand for three-dollar cylinder batteries, such as Tesla’s first launch and ride into the 4680 battery, BMW and Ningde's era signing a large cylinder battery supply agreement, General and Three.
Stars enter into large-cylinder battery protocols, etc.) storage customers are in high demand for household storage capacity and for lithium phosphate cylinder batteries. We believe that companies are expected to take the lead in raising the foreign power market through large-cylinder batteries, followed by an increase in the global market for large-cylinder batteries as the domestic market increases its acceptance of large-cylinder batteries.
1. Financial and operational soundness, promising growth through the cycle, expanding in reverse at the bottom, large cylinder batteries are expected to shape differentiated competitive advantages, 3 stocks are expected to remain high, and consumer batteries are expected to stay up.
Reserves: Large reserve markets in North America are expected to be more flexible with interest-reductions, companies are expected to be able to keep their reserves up and running, and with interest-reduction cycles in major economies in Europe and the United States, the yield-effectiveness advantage is expected to become more pronounced: 1) the North American reserve market is expected to be more demand-elastic; 2) the share of renewable energy generation in Europe is rising, the commercial model of storage is closing down and the electricity trading market is improving.
The demand for electricity storage capacity has increased rapidly; the demand for household storage capacity in Europe is expected to rise after a longer de-storage cycle. Corporate storage orders are full, and delivery is expected to remain high.
In terms of capacity: 1) the company's 60gwh Super Plant is in operation, the Malaysian Plant Storage Energy Project has successfully started construction and will be delivered with global storage batteries in the future; 2) In terms of orders, the company has entered into supply agreements with aesi (supply 19.5gwh), Powin (10gwh). With the arrival of the capacity and delivery of global orders, future company deposits are expected to remain high.
Consumer batteries: Downstream demand recovery in consumer batteries, company orders are full, corporate consumer battery operations are expected to be marginal and good as the sub-consumption of consumer batteries rises: 1) Lithium primary battery demand remains good, driven by rapid growth in the global goods network industry and the introduction of smart metering products into the replacement cycle; 2) small lithium ion batteries are being consolidated
On the basis of the original clients and the segmenting of the market, new domestic and foreign head customers have been pushed forward, and products have made breakthroughs in a number of new segmented markets; 3) cylinder batteries have continued to deepen their collaboration with large clients, leading to the full elimination of consumer cylindrical battery products, the gradual increase in demand for electric tools, two wheels and one-stop tours, with monthly sales of consumer cylindrical batteries out of 100 million in the first half of the year.
Cost battery sales are expected to increase steadily.1 Financial and operational soundness is expected to grow through the cycle2 and the bottom is expected to expand in reverse, and large cylinder batteries are expected to shape differential competitive advantages
3 - Overseas storage is expected to continue to increase, consumer battery landscape is up, investment is recommended: bottom-reverse expansion is expected to show a grand picture, high-quality asset valuation is expected to reshape, we think the company is a high-quality asset at the bottom of the cycle, short-term financial soundness, long-term opportunity, and look at the bottom layout of the company:
1) The company is financially sound and well-functioning and is a high-quality asset: 2) The firm ' s bottom is inversely expanding, large cylinder batteries are expected to shape differentiated competitive advantages, there is greater room for future growth in dynamic stock ratios, and corporate valuations are expected to be rebuilt; 3) the global demand for storage is expected to remain high, the consumer battery landscape is upwards, and the company ' s profitability is expected to be marginal upwards.
The new product is not moving as fast as expected, and the industry needs less than expected.
The Portfolio Investment Advisory Industry of the Pacific Securities Corporation, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “My Company” or “Pacific Securities”) with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is issued to the signatory of the service agreement with the Pacific Securities, and the exclusive research product of the Pacific Securities Signing Client, if you are not the Pacific Securities Signer.
In any event, the information in this report or the opinions expressed in it do not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, investors should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is invalid.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.