On August 26, the Grand Bank issued a 22h1 report with revenues of 78.45 billion yuan, yoy+1.8 per cent;
The net profit is 23.3 billion yuan, yoy+3.8 per cent; the negative rate is 1.24 per cent, with a provision of 188 per cent. Performance is warmer, with other non-interest performances brightening. 22h1 company collects, net profit is higher than the relative rate of increase. q1 ring + 1.7 per cent, + 1.8 per cent. The main reason is the expansion in size and higher non-interest income.
See, net interest income ratio +1.3 pct, which benefits mainly from active credit placement; net fee receipts - 1.5 pct, which is expected to have a greater impact on wealth management operations due to capital market fluctuations; other non-interest net interest differentials, which are slightly narrow, and credit placements to supplement prices.
\triangleright residual gold \ 6.4%, 7.4% and continuous structural optimization while the cost control effect is gradually emerging and the cost rate is at its own expense. ]
Research assistant in Bovin, wealth strategy continues, and retail transformation works well. The company is committed to "building a first-class wealth management silver \triangleright"
Lines, synchronized client, size, profit performance through “bialcial” integration, and injected new dynamic energy into retail gold. At the client level, 147 million retail customers, including 1.1 million for wealth, 53,000 for the private sector, and at the scale, $2.31 trillion for retail aum, including the private sector.
Aum.5371 trillion yuan, representing more than a fifth of the total retail aum with a high net value of 53,000; 1. Large banks: steady performance and continuous improvement in the quality of assets -- billions of yuan, an increase of 5.7 per cent, or 32 per cent. Companies use wealth management as a tool to promote retailing.
\triangleright 22h core level capital adequacy ratio of q1 ring ratio to 18bp to 8.59 per cent, due to growth in scale.
The company is committed to “building-current wealth management banks”, and the wealth strategy continues to advance and is expected to play a “live force” role in business development and performance performance; high credit investment supports robust growth in net interest income, other non-interest income performance, boosted income and net profit growth; “3-1 liter” and asset quality continues to improve.
Figure 1: Growth in performance of large banks by year as at 22h1 (cumulative) Figure 2: Growth in performance of large banks by year as at 22h1 (single season) Figure 3: Increase in net interest income of large banks by year as at 22h1 from year to year
Figure 4: Dismantling of large banks at both ends of the net interest gap up to 22h1 Figure 5: Growth of banks up to 22h1 asset end and increase of banks up to 22h1 end and increase of banks up to 22h1 end and increase of banks up to 22h1 end
Figure 7: Changes in the private and retail aum of large banks, Figure 8: Non-performing loan rates of large banks up to 22h1 Figure 9: Large banks up to 22h1 concern, overdue rate
Figure 11: Changes in capital adequacy rates as of 22h1 in large banks Summary of data projections in corporate financial statements Methodology and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively and be held accountable for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.