De Cecives (002922.sz) showed a high performance in the quarter, with new project orders growing by over 80 per cent in 2021, receipts of $9.57 billion, an increase of 40.8 per cent in the same year, and net returns to mothers of $830 million, an increase of 60.8 per cent in the same year.
The same increase of 70.9 per cent is due to a steady increase in the performance of three major operations, namely, smart coaches, smart drivers and web-based services, the successive location and volume of new projects and products, and the same growth in operating income; and, at the same time, the continued promotion of profit-making, cost optimization and improved R & D effectiveness by companies.
In the context of the rise in raw materials, Māori performance exceeds industry, with a 52-week maximum/minimum price for smart driving on a large scale, and an increase in the core performance of incremental vehicle models and incremental products.
Performance growth, with incremental models including the Great Wall/Toyota/Jili/Gega/Biadi/New Power Pyramid, and p. 3, with a steady increase in sales in July, resulted in a volume of 6.06/0.76 million vehicles, respectively, in 2021, of which p7 is fully and continuously entering the production phase, and a steady increase in the harvest is expected over the next two years.
New clients continue to develop, new products are produced in an orderly manner, and shared partnerships are a win-win process. Client dimensions, corporate customer structures are optimized year by year, and core client groups include mainstream foreign capital, internal capital, and the new power of head-making. In 2021, new project orders with annualized sales of over $12 billion (of which smart driving is over $4 billion) were obtained.
The performance forecast for Desecway-0029220-2021: high performance, higher automatic growth by more than 80%, out of history, fast-tracked orders for smart driving products, big screens, and smart seat control. Product dimensions, smart cabins, second-largest company in 2021.
The first three quarters of the first quarter of the first quarter of the first quarter of the first quarter of the first quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the year will be evaluated:
Ideal cars, and so on; smart driving, the first generation of high-calculus automatic companies.
De Ceciway-00292202020 and the first quarter of 2021: a quarterly report on super-automated field control platform based on the British Weldaorin series of chips, which has acquired numerous project fixes; on the smart network side, companies have achieved a full range of products such as ota, Blue Whales terminal software, etc.
In the same period last year, there were new vehicle-type projects (Jili, Toyota, Great Wall, Biadi, Little Peng, etc.), and sales of such products as smart cabins, smart driving, etc. were on the same scale.
In 2021, Desai Weiwei achieved an increase of 61% in the same year, and 21q4 returns and a record increase in the net return to the mother. In 2021, the company achieved $9,569 million, a 40.8% increase in the same year, a net profit to the mother of $833 million, and, in the same quarter, a revenue of $3,267 million for the company of 2021q4, an increase of 30.6% (continuing higher).
Sub-products, the company collected $7,893 million in 2021 (+33.52 per cent of the year), 1,387 million (+94.78 per cent of the year), network services and others (in the same way, in 2021, the shortage of chips and raw materials and the increase in prices caused huge losses for industry and companies).
The challenge is for the company to stay the course of its development strategy, relying on its R & D and supply chain management capabilities to improve its client services and delivery. At the same time, through sustained investment in key areas of intelligence, the three major business performances of the company ' s smart cabins, smart driving and network services have steadily improved, with new projects, new products, and so on.
In addition, the company has symmetrically strengthened its streamlined management of manufacturing, quality, transport, etc., and has continued to promote cost optimization and improved R & D effectiveness.
Figure 4: The single-quarter net profit return and the same-year increase in Desaicway ' s Māori rate increased by 1.2 pct and the net interest rate of 21q4 increased significantly by the same-ring ratio in 2021. The company ' s Māori ratio dropped slightly in 2021 against the background of a general increase in materials, showing a slight decline in Māori ratio over industry, while driving intelligently.
The scale effect of operations in 2021 highlighted a significant improvement in the Māori rate (up by 10 pccc) and a drop in the cost of subsequent raw materials, with room for improvement in the Māori ratio of companies under the scale effect. Cost rates have declined steadily, with sustained R&D inputs.
In 2021, R & D personnel and salaries increased, with R & D costs increasing by between 39 and 980 million yuan, from 1748 in 2020 to 42.3 per cent in 2020, with the addition of Shenzhen, Guangzhou R & D Division, and the landing of Weimar base in Germany.
As the research and development workforce expands, companies continue to strengthen project and R & D process management and improve R & D efficiency. In 2021, they won the “Fubos China’s 50th Most Innovable Enterprises” Science and Technology Progress Award and the “Annual Automobile Electronic Science and Technology Award” in Guangdong Province. The company holds over 1,000 patents and participates in nearly 30 countries.
and industry standards, including participation in the first international standards for vehicle multimedia, the national standards for " Automatic Automotive Parking Requirements and Test Methods for Smart Networked Vehicles " , the national standards for " Information Security Technology Electronic System Network Security " , the " Liquid Crystal Instrument for Motor Vehicles " industry standards, etc., have led the direction of the industry.
Singapore m1 autopilot licence plates, international certification of aspicecll3 (Model for Process Improvement and Capacity Assessment in the Automobile Industry, Level 3), and advanced international capability in software development in the area of automobiles. Current corporate research and development projects include cross-domain integration domain controller applications, high performance millimetres
According to data released by the Chinese Automobile Industry Association, we sold 2,147 million vehicles in 2021, a 6.6% increase in the same year, while the Desai Si Wei camp grew by 40.8%, far above industry 34.2pt.
On the one hand, the company’s client structure changed considerably in 2021, with the top five clients performing excellently, the Jiri car jumped to the top 12%, and a mass, bulk and incremental product contributed to significant performance growth in 2021, including the Great Wall/Toyota/Jili.
The company's ipu03 product, which includes ipu01, ipu02, ipu03. The company's new orders entered the production phase in 2021, and the harvest is expected to remain stable for the next two years.
One mass ( - 21%), a wide-blown car (+22%), and Chir (+13%) have continued to make a significant annual contribution. We've been collating the new mainstream model of the Great Wall, Gilly, Biadi, 2021.
The first love with Huff also remained high, with 16.9, 5.3, 8.5, 70,000 and 2022q1 sold in 2021 in Biadi Qinplus, Gillisungi, 300 and Haver, respectively, as well as 7.1, 3.0 and 2022q1 in the new power of car construction, with the small pipu03 auto-driving controllers at Pap5 and p7.
And the next generation of autopilot controller ipu04, based on the British Welda 0rin chip, has been working with the ideal car strategy, and the company will be working to boost its fast-scale production.
The overall trend is from partitioning to integration, from key presses to integration screens, where the value of a bicycle is raised from 600 to 700 to more than $2,000.
Figure 15: Electronics of the cabin, morphology upgrades Carborne Entertainment System: From Radio to Smart Multimedia Carborne Navigation System: Following Communications Technology
Carboard dashboard: The amount of information and beauty are at the heart of the progress of the dashboard, new clients continue to develop, new products are produced in an orderly manner, shared partnerships are made to win-win, corporate client structures are optimized year by year, and core client groups include mainstream foreign capital, internal capital brands and head-making innovations.
Lei. In 2021, the company broke through new customers like Lutus, Pastellantis, and acquired a gas - public, public, gas, Toyota, Toyota, Great Wall, Gilly, Volkswagen, Biadi, Chiri, Autogroup, Red Flag, Chang An, Idea, Peng.
The number of orders for core platform projects in mainstream cars has increased by more than 80 per cent year-round with annualized sales of over $12 billion, up from a record high, and orders for smart driving products, large screen cabin products and intelligent airspace controllers have risen rapidly.
The company has always been guided by its customer value creation and has been fully cooperative in terms of supply, quality and service, helping clients to meet their business goals and gain the recognition of many clients. In 2021, the company won a single annual award, the Award for Excellence in Partnership, the Call for Partnership in the Wind and Rain.
Awards, “Idealing Automobile Ideal Top Award, Ideal Spirit Award”, “The Great Wall Autotech Innovation Award”, “Long An good car supplier”, “Ten Queens”, “Huang-Ayan” 2021, “Biandi's Best Partner”, “The East Wind's Special Contribution to the Vehicle Supply Chain” and “The Up-to-Bobs”
Using automobiles, “Save for the Award”, “Peka/daf, the Best Support Award for the ngd Project”, etc.
The company's products are well organized, focusing on three major business groups: smart pods, smart drivers and network services, offering an integrated travel programme that is human-based, connected, intelligent and efficient, with smart cars at its centre, participating in the construction of a future intelligent transport and intelligent city conglomerate.
1) Smart Airspace: Second Generation Airspace Control has been scaled up, information and entertainment systems, display modules and systems and LCD orders are well stocked.
Car experiences that are caring, efficient and safe. Through product platforming, clients are provided with open, flexible, sustainable and iterative smart-class solutions.
In 2021, the company ' s multiscreen integration of cabin products and its airspace controllers increased rapidly, the second generation of cabin controllers were scaled up, and the third generation of cabin products was targeted for projects by a number of mainstream and autonomous brand clients, such as the Great Wall, the Wave Eyan, the Chirre, and the ideal car. In addition, the company entered into an agreement with the High-Technology Corporation.
Strategic cooperation between the two sides to build a fourth-generation Drexeyway intelligent cabin system based on the fourth-generation Dragon module platform. The system supports leading multiscreen connections, audio processing, and ar technology that integrates multi-dimensional interactive models that can provide users with rich immersion interactive experiences, as well as intelligent, landscape-based multi-model integration experiences.
In December 2021, the company's g7ph smart seating platform won the 2021 6th Suzuki Award for Excellence in Smart Classes and the Smart Airspace Controler the "Zorth Smart Motors Golden Smart Market Lead Award."
Figure 19: The 2021 Shanghai Car Fair at the Desaiwig7ph smart cabin platform: The 20: Desaiweig7ph smart cabin platform was awarded a prize for pre-sighted smart cabin class excellence The corporate information and entertainment system, display modules and systems, LCD meters are well developed and there are sufficient stocks of orders.
During the year, the company's information and entertainment system operations received new project orders from customers - the general public, the upper-gas public, the Great Wall, the Gilly, the Guang and the Chirre cars - in which the scale of operations of large-screened products rose rapidly; and showed that the size of the modules and systems operations continued to grow at a rate of more than 100 per cent, and that the size of the new orders was renewed at a higher rate.
Breaking through white-point clients such as East Wind Nitrogen, Pelican Motors; LCD business continues to climb and obtain project fixes for customers such as Biade, Gilly, Walle, Wide-Voice, etc.) Smart driving: production of first generation high-calculation autopilot platform, new-generation high-calculator auto-drive
The driving domain controller has been targeted by many projects, from low-speed parking to high-speed autopilot, from low-level intelligent driving aids to complete autopilot, from free foot to free eye, and Desailawy offers intelligent, safe and efficient solutions, most of all.
In the end, people are completely freed from driving. Figure 21: Dresseeway's smart driving business, corporate smart driving business is already leading the industry, products are technologically advanced, rapidly scaled up and acquired.
In 2021, the company won seven prizes, including the ipu04 Big Arithmic Area Control, the smart parking system, the one-stop system, t-b0x, and v2x. In addition, the company ' s ipu04 smart-driving domain controller was awarded the "Joss smart-car gold prize technology leader."
At the same time, based on a sustainable development product strategy, companies invest heavily in new technologies and in the development of new products to ensure the expansion of technological advantages and sustained growth in the scale of operations. In 2021, corporate smart driving sales increased by nearly 100% compared to the previous year, with smart driving products receiving new project orders with annual sales of over $4 billion.
Fig. 22: Desai Wei was awarded the seven-point cut-off prize of the High Skilled Smart Motors Goldball Award, and Fig. 23: Desai Wei was awarded the José Smart Smart Motors Gold Brains Award and the Technology Lead Award, which is dedicated to providing a holistic solution for intelligent driving, from intelligent sensors to intelligent driving domain controllers.
The sensors cover ultrasound mines, thousands of smart-driving cameras have multiple car factory locations; 77ghz mm wave radar has been scaled up in several national mainstream models; a new generation of k2 ultrasound radars has been developed and turned off.
Keyware and manufacturing-related investment layouts; 5g and v2x products have achieved the first domestic delivery of t-box and smart antenna products under the joint brand client project, and sales will increase rapidly with the spread of the 5g network. In the case of smart-driving domain controllers, companies have already made a bulk of their products available to a large number of mainstream vehicles in the country.
Business, sales have risen rapidly, with annual sales in excess of a million units; a new generation of lightweight smart driving platforms, with the integration of high- and low-speed autopilot support functions, has now secured multiple mainstream autonomous brands and joint venture projects, and has achieved a volume supply of memory-based parking products by the end of 21 with China's autopilot auxiliary products
A rapid upscaling of assembly rates will bring new and larger business growth to the platform ' s products. The company ' s first generation of high-calculable autopilot platforms, which are primarily high-performance, build vehicle smart spots, are already supplied in large quantities on the p7 and p5 model of the p7 car; and the new generation of high-calculable autopilot controllers.
The platform, built on the British Weldaorin series of chips, will result in a significant increase in arithmetic power that will support the implementation of redundant designs and the future upgrading of high-level autopilot functions. The new generation of arithmetic autopilot controllers in the company has now acquired a wide range of project fixes, including traditional autonomous brand clients and new driving forces, and the new project will be scaled up.
Figure 24: In September 2021, ipu04 smart-driving domain control at the first station in Texas. Figure 25: In October 2021, Texas and Texas instruments announced cooperation in the development of ipu02 domain controllers.
(c) Smart network network: commodification of web-based services has been achieved, companies provide security, temperature-based I.U. car products and value-added services, build connectivity, efficient synergy,
A highly customized service system. Carnet services operations are an important part of a company’s long-term development strategy, and companies are determined to explore new software-driven business models, building business eco-models for automobile companies, end users, and eco-partners, and generating new value growth.
Commercialization of web-based service products such as security, Blue Whales terminal software, smart access, cabin safety butlers, information security, etc., to multiple clients such as the general public, Chang Anfort, Hiroshima Toyota and UGC Mitsubishi.
In 2021, the company launched a new generation of smart cabin interactive operating systems, Blue Whale 4.0, designed to create a new visual and operational experience for clients with a more intelligent polymeric voice, innovative social theme maps, scenario intelligence. On October 18, 2021, the brand of the new powered car was officially launched.
The city has a second car type, carrying the Texas Blue Whale 0s4.0 ecosystem, 10.25 inches of digital instrumentation and zo3 of the airspace controller. In 2021, the Texas Blue Whale received the Gold Series Award, launched by the Gaelic Car, and the Texas Blue Whale Os carriage interactive and interface design case was selected for presentation by the Chinese Electronic Quality Management Association.
In the area of information security, the company was awarded the 2021 World Prize for Smart Drivers to Challenge Racer for Information Security, and the first smart car network security competition won a prize in figure 27: Co-founding a picture of z03.
Companies have always been open-minded, sharing win-win ideas, and continuing to build industrial ecology. Good supply chain ecology and customer relationships over long periods of time are an important part of the company’s competitiveness and, above all, an important support for a firm’s rapid and steady development in the current complex environment. In addition, companies are actively engaged in multidimensional and multichannels.
In 2021, the company invested in rapid stock build-up, Odiway and Shanghai, working strategically in the areas of laser mines, ultrasound radars, and artificial intelligence.
Traditional products have benefited from the increased value of bicycles: the vehicle that contains the control screen and the LCD instrument is the cabin, the electronic core component, which is the gateway to the future interaction of smart car machines. In recent years, drivers have experienced an upgrade in content, quality, and form in their need for a vehicle-borne entertainment system. The overall trend is from partition to integration, from button to button.
Integration screens, with the value of bicycles raised from the original 600 to 700 to over $2,000, while Desaichevy, as the core of the autonomous company, benefited from the upgrading of the traditional automobile business. 2) Specialization in intelligent driving, smart cabins and car networking in new products outside the mainframe business: the company is intelligent.
There have been phased advances in driving, smart cabins, and car connections, and new products such as second-generation airspace controllers, first-generation high-calculus autopilot control platforms, and sales and purchase orders continue to increase. In smart cabins, the second-generation airspace controllers have been scaled up and the third-generation module has been produced.
In addition, the company has entered into a strategic partnership with Hightower Technology to build a fourth generation of Dragons, building a fourth generation smart cabin system in Desai Siwe. In smart driving, the company's first generation of arithmetic autopilot controllers.
The platform has already taken the lead in large-scale production on Pap7 and p5. The new generation of arithmetic autopilot control units has been built on a series of microchips in the Anglo-Vidalorin series. The platform has acquired many project fixes and is expected to take the lead on the ideal 1 9 in the second half of this year.
The commodification of web-based products such as software, smart access, cabin safety butlers, information security, etc., and the acquisition of customer orders such as those from the general public, Chang Anfort, Hiroshima Toyota and UGC Mitsubishi. (3) The client structure is optimized year by year, with the core client group comprising the mainstream foreign capital, internal capital and the new power of head-making:
In 2021, the company broke through new clients such as Lutus, Pastellantis, and acquired a single gas -- the public, the public, the gas industry, the Toyota, the Toyota, the Great Wall, the Jili, the Volkswagen, the Biadi, the Chiri, the Auto Group, the Red Flag, the Chang An, the ideal car, the Peng, and so on.
A number of core platform project orders from mainstream car companies, with annualized sales of over $12 billion, have grown by over 80 per cent year-on-year, out of history, smart driving products, big screen cabin products and smart core layouts (interactive + driving), second generation smart space controllers have been scaled up, ipu03 volume products have been produced.
+The new product ipu04 has multiple project fixes (an ideal of 1.9 in the second half of the year or a catalytic node for the new product), and it is expected that the volume of orders will continue to outpace the industry.
New orders are issued each year over $12 billion, and future performance is expected to remain high; intelligent driving is Māori business has a strong level of scarcity, companies offer a few products of autopilot control with capacity to produce, industry is scarce, industry space is big, speed is high, and Texas's one-year target is updated.
Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors' assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors' past, present or future absence of studies on them