China
Shanghai Pharmaceuticals-A
3Q19 results beat expectations; still less attractive
HOLD (no change)
than its H shares; maintain HOLD
The 3Q19 results were higher than market expectations, and we are overall positive
on the Company's fundamentals.
We fine-tuned our forecast numbers. We raised our 2019/20/21F net profit forecast by
1.4%/1%/0.7%, respectively, and keep our Target Price of Rmb20.0 (13x 2019F P/E,
1sd below its historical average, comparable to our H-share target multiple, which is
also 1sd below the average).
The current AH spread of ~45% is at a historical high (Figure 1), making SPH's A
shares less attractive than its H shares. Maintain HOLD.
Better-than-expected 3Q recurring bottom line; good SG&A control
and cash flow management; pressure on gross margin
Reported 9M19 net profit was Rmb3.399bn, up 0.8% yoy, accounting for
77.6%/79% of our and the Street's 2019F full-year estimates. If non-recurring items
are excluded, net profit increased by 19.6% yoy to Rmb3.07bn. On a quarterly
basis, 3Q19 net profit (excluding non-recurring items such as fair value changes
and impairments) was Rmb975m, up 44.8% yoy, better than expectations.
Key changes in this note
Overall, we note robust revenue growth for each segment, while the gross margin
FY19/20/21F revenue increased by
\mathbf{x}
saw some slight pressure. Control of SG&A expenses was good, and finance cost
4.6%/5.4%/5.0%, respectively.
fell 5.5% you in 9M19. Cash collection was also well managed, with operating cash
FY19/20/21F net profit increased by
1.4%/1.0%/0.7%, respectively.
in 9M19 (vs. 89.6 in 9M18).
FY19/20/21F EPS increased by
1.4%/1.0%/0.7%, respectively.
Manufacturing segment continued to show solid growth
The manufacturing segment delivered 24.05% yoy revenue growth in 9M19 to
Rmb17.7bn; the gross margin was 57.54%, down 0.1ppt from 9M18. Strong revenue
growth came from the fast ramp-up of 60 key products, whose sales came in at
Rmb10.15bn, up 31.2% yoy. We believe the Company's more stringent cost
management of raw material procurement and manufacturing centralization largely
mitigated gross margin pressure from drug price cuts. Going forward, we expect the
manufacturing gross margin to gradually decline by 0.2 ppt each year (previously we
projected a flat gross margin).
Distribution gross margin pressure can be largely mitigated in the
future
The distribution segment delivered sales of Rmb122.2bn, up 18.6% yoy, and the gross
margin was 6.4%, down 0.27 ppt from 9M18. The 3Q19 topline growth rate was 14.1%
yoy, which was lower than 1H19's 21% because of the consolidation of Cardinal China
and Liaoning Pharmaceutical Foreign Trade in 1H18. We think the distribution segment's
organic revenue growth, which came from the industry's organic growth (high single
digits) and SPH's M&A (i.e. market consolidation driven by the "two-invoice system")
remained solid. Looking ahead, despite foreseeable margin pressure from the 1) more
stringent industry-wide medical reimbursement standards and more stringent prescription
requirements for physicians; and 2) the Group Purchase Organization (GPO), we think
gross margin pressure can be mitigated by 1) better-than-expected Cardinal China
synergy; 2) continuing industry consolidation under the "two-invoice system"; and 3)
increased direct sales percentage and product mix changes.
Analysts
Harry He
Wong Chi Man
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA, BLOOMBERG
SOURCE: Capital IQ, CGIS Research
SOURCE: Company, CGIS Research
SOURCE: Company, CGIS Research
SOURCE: Company, CGIS Research
BY THE NUMBERS
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA, BLOOMBERG
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA, BLOOMBERG
國 銀 河 國 際
Health Care Providers & Svs | China
Disclaimer
This research report is not directed at, or intended for distribution to or used by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any jurisdiction
where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or which would subject China Galaxy International Securities
(Hong Kong) Co., Limited ("Galaxy International Securities") and/or its group companies to any registration or licensing requirement within such jurisdiction.
This report (including any information attached) is issued by Galaxy International Securities, one of the subsidiaries of the China Galaxy International Financial
Holdings Limited, to the institutional clients from the information sources believed to be reliable, but no representation or warranty (expressly or implied) is made as
to their accuracy, correctness and/or completeness.
This report shall not be construed as an offer, invitation or solicitation to buy or sell any securities of the company(ies) referred to herein. Past performance should
not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made regarding future performance. The
recipient of this report should understand and comprehend the investment objectives and its related risks, and where necessary consult their own independent
financial advisers prior to any investment decision.
Where any part of the information, opinions or estimates contained herein reflects the personal views and opinions of the analyst who prepared this report, such
views and opinions may not correspond to the published views or investment decisions of China Galaxy International Financial Holdings Limited, its subsidiaries and
associate companies ("China Galaxy International"), directors, officers, agents and employees ("the Relevant Parties").
All opinions and estimates reflect the judgment of the analyst on the date of this report and are subject to change without notice. China Galaxy International and/or
the Relevant Parties hereby disclaim any of their liabilities arising from the inaccuracy, incorrectness and incompleteness of this report and its attachment/s and/or
any action or omission made in reliance thereof. Accordingly, this report must be read in conjunction with this disclaimer.
Disclosure of Interests
China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd. (6881.HK; 601881.CH) is the direct and/or indirect holding company of the group of companies under China Galaxy International
Financial Holdings Limited. China Galaxy International may have financial interests in relation to the subjected company(ies)' securities in respect of which are
reviewed in this report, and such interests aggregate to an amount may equal to or less than 1% of the subjected company(ies)' market capitalization unless specified
otherwise.
One or more directors, officers and/or employees of China Galaxy International may be a director or officer of the securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this
report.
China Galaxy International and the Relevant Parties may, to the extent permitted by law, from time to time participate or invest in financing transactions with the
securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this report, perform services for or solicit business from such company(ies), and/or have a position or holding, or other
material interest, or effect transactions, in such securities or options thereon, or other investments related thereto.
Galaxy International Securities may have served as manager or co-manager of a public offering of securities for, or currently may make a primary market in issues of,
any or all of the entities mentioned in this report or may be providing, or have provided within the last 12 months, significant advice or investment services in relation
to the investment concerned or a related investment or investment banking services to the company(ies) mentioned in this report.
Furthermore, Galaxy International Securities may have received compensation for investment banking services from the company(ies) mentioned in this report within
the preceding 12 months and may currently seeking investment banking mandate from the subject company(ies).
China Galaxy International has procedures in place to eliminate, avoid and manage any potential conflicts of interests that may arise in connection with the
production of research reports. The research analyst(s) responsible for this report operates as part of a separate and independent team to the investment banking
function of Galaxy International Securities and procedures are in place to ensure that confidential information held by either the research or investment banking
function is handled appropriately.
Analyst Certification
The analyst who is primarily responsible for the content of this report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer covered in this report:
(1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject, securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or
will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by the analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the securities covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will deal in
or trade in the securities covered in this research report three business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong-listed
companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong-listed companies covered in this report.
We are transferring the rating mechanism from "BUY, SELL, HOLD" to "ADD, REDUCE, HOLD". Please refer to the definitions below.
Explanation on Equity Ratings
The stock's total return is expected to exceed 10% over the next 12 months.
ADD
REDUCE
The stock's total return is expected to fall below 0% or more over the next 12 months.
HOLD
The stock's total return is expected to be between 0% and positive 10% over the next 12 months.
Copyright Reserved
No part of this material may be reproduced or redistributed without the prior written consent of China Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Co., Limited.
20/F, Wing On Centre, 111 Connaught Road Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong. General line: 3698-6888.