Silicon cell taps for executive management, steady expansion and consolidation of competitive advantages, significant advantages, and multi-crystal silicon expansion planning, are stable. The company's first two rounds of 50,000 tons, Leysan three, 120,000 tons are planned to be operational in 2022 and 2023, respectively, and its branded capacity will be achieved by the end of 2022/2023.
As the scale of equipment investments decreases marginally, the price of original fuels rises, the multi-crystal silicon sector gradually moves from capital expenditure-driven to technological progress-driven, demanding higher demands for technological innovation and efficiency management at the enterprise level. The company is stable in the multi-crysilica sector.
For more than a decade, technology and fine management have led the way. In 2021, the company’s cost of new production was as low as $3.37 million per ton, a fall of 7.2% over the same period, with a strong cost advantage. “Key marginal cost” determines the base of silicon prices and the centre of volatility.
Launching of the Staff Holding Scheme, which binds the core workforce to secure high-cost production capacity, which can be phased out over time at a long-term price hub based on “full cost for new entrants plus expansion”.
“Little profits of under-attractiveness” is estimated to correspond to approximately $80~90/kg, at which time the leading leading lead business net profit hub 20~30/kg.
The company consolidates the non-silicon cost advantage through peer-to-peer participation, skew layout, and ensures the supply of battery raw materials and start-up rates.
The excess profits of polysilicon also provide sufficient financial support for the company's new battery technology, and the company has a lot of new battery technologies like hjt, topcon.
Keeping a professional division of labour, management excellence, and positioning the role of the “workshop director” in the industrial chain. The company is committed to doing the best things in the sub-sector, and the corporate genes that are well managed make it possible for the company to maintain the quality of its products while at the same time ensuring the quality of its products.
This control is extreme, and contributes significantly to the decline in the cost of photovoltaic power. In future, companies are also following downstream demand closely in new battery technologies, expanding investment in a timely manner, providing customers with low-cost, high-quality products, and maximizing capital and management advantages.
In February of this year, 12 billion people were officially released to secure the expansion of Le Shan and the first two multi-crystal silicon projects and 15gw monocrystal pole cutting projects.
In May, the company released a stock-holding plan to bind senior managers and core staff to a firm competitive advantage. The current market value is still a relatively safe margin for future low-silicon profits, and subsequent silicon prices are expected to become a catalyst for stock prices, such as higher-than-expected prices, continued recovery of batteries, and strong profit realization.
1. The multi-crystal silicon industry: the timing of expansion is particularly important, with new entrants expanding production or pulling high cost curves 1.1 production rigidity leading to intense competition at the bottom of the cycle, and the timing of expansion being particularly important  Global multi-crysilica energy distribution: from overseas to China, domestic firms have largely completed with cost advantages
Early multi-crystal silicon capacity is mainly concentrated overseas, with German Wacker, United States Hemlock, and Korean Oci as the main multi-crystal silicon manufacturer. Our first 300-tonne/year multi-crystal silicon industrialization demonstration line was built in 2005 to break the overseas technology blockade, but in 2009 the CDC listed multi-crystal silicon as a production capacity.
With the remaining industries, together with the foreign dumping repression and credit crunch, our multi-crystal silicon industry was in a state of trouble until 2013, when the CDC and others removed the multi-crysilica from excess-capacity industries, our multi-crystal silicon industry resumed its development and expansion.
Overseas firms such as wacker face losses in their multi-crysilica operations, and domestic firms have been able to build on cost advantages and industry size advantages, gradually completing their national production replacements. Global multi-crysilica production distribution at the end of 2011
Global multi-crystal silicon energy distribution by the end of 2021 Global multi-crystal silicon energy distribution by the end of 2016 National multi-crystal silicon energy distribution: from the east to the west, electricity prices are important considerations in the production of energy distribution.
The country’s multi-crystal silicon capacity is more concentrated, with Xinjiang, Inner Mongolia, and Sichuan concentrating nearly 80% of the country’s production capacity, mainly because of the significant advantages of local electricity prices, resulting in a drop in the multi-crysilica chain. In June 2020, the United States Department of Commerce included four Chinese multi-crystal silicon production firms and the Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps in the Real Estate.
List), proposed to prohibit the import of Xinjiang photovoltaic products, given that the demand for polycrystal silicon in the United States accounts for a smaller share of global demand (less than 15 per cent), domestic polycrysil silicon enterprises are not currently affected in practice, but the risks of international trade relations will be more taken into account when enterprises follow up with the production of polycrysil (and raw materials industrial silicon).
The multi-crystal silicon industry attributes: high financial barriers, long extension cycles, and rigidity of production. Financial barriers and scale thresholds are raised: multi-crystal silicon is one of the most technological and financial barriers in the light industry chain, and after decades of development, the multi-crysil silicon investment intensity has been reduced to 8-to-1 in 2021.
1 billion yuan per ton, but in order to achieve better cost controls, enterprises need to have a scale effect by upgrading their units of capacity, increasing the scale of single-body production, investing in the polysilica project by 2019 within 50,000 tons, and significantly increasing to 100,000 tons since 2021.
The extension period is long, and there is uncertainty as to the pace of delivery: it takes at least 18 months for the multi-crystal silicon project to be established, approved, started and completed, usually with a three- to six-month hiking period to complete. In addition, the expansion is subject to project approval, project construction, and technical skills.
Performance rigidity: Depreciation costs of multiple crystalline silicon lines are higher, restart costs are higher, and once capacity starts to function, it does not easily stop production or reduce start-up rates; depreciation and wealth from a cost point of view
Costs such as service costs (or even labour) are not reduced by the reduction of production/cut-off, so enterprises generally maintain a 100% start rate as long as the product is expensive, dry cash costs.
“Silicon is the king” on many occasions in the long history of the country, mainly due to the three sharp increases in the price of silicon in 2004-2008, early 2010-2011, and 2020-2021, as a direct result of the over-anticipated short-term demand and the failure to keep pace with the increase in supply (interim demand and demand),
Eventually, silicon prices remain high and silicon production capacity limits industry output and end loads. In essence, silicon is one of the components of a high-growth industry with high technical/financial barriers, production rigidity and a long extension/creaking cycle, adding routine repairs, production accidents, etc.
The factors of uncertainty are more likely than others to lead to price increases due to inadequate supply and demand. Chart 6: Polycrysilica Import Price Revue 2000-2022 (US$/kg) Figure 7: Polycrysilica production, production and photovoltaic load for 2011-2021
The price base is highly competitive, and the timing of expansion is particularly important. Given the clearly cyclical nature of the industry, the timing of expansion of multi-crysilica is particularly important.
When silicon profits are high, it attracts a large number of active expansions, which can easily result in 12-18 firms.
Overperformance in the industrial phase after the construction period. Because of the rigidity of production and the high cost of depreciation of the silicon chain, the average enterprise would choose to start 100% in a short period of time when the selling price was higher than the cash cost, resulting in low prices, low profitability, competition at the bottom of the industry cycle.
If an enterprise is unable to guarantee a lead in cost, it will face an awkward situation in excess capacity, with more production losses and more losses. For example, the old multi-crystal silicon South Bob Group has been in solar photovoltaic since 2005.
With an investment of $590 million in 2015 to expand over 6,000 tons of crystallized silicon capacity to 9,000 tons, and to recommence it in 2018, the price of polycrystal silicon at a high level of over 200 yuan/kg has been maintained for more than three quarters, with an approximate rate of up to 22q4.
1.2n, efficiency trend to increase the premium for silicon quality, which will further open the gap in the profitability of the enterprise  impurities of multi-crystal silicon (e.g. carbon, oxygen and other elements) determine the quality and purity of silicon material according to the prevailing national standards, which is classified from high to low in the electronic level III, II and I
The solar-grade polycrystal silicon usually requires a purity of at least 6 n (99.999%) and a purity of single crystallized material of more than 9 n (too positive) with a higher technical threshold.
The silicon and battery fragments can be divided into p- and n-types depending on the mixture, with the advantage of non-luminous and weak light effects, and the current production efficiency of the single crystal battery type P is close to the theoretical limit, and with the development of heterogeneous knots and topcon technologies, the product N is expected to become the mainstream battery technology in the future.
n-type technology requires higher purity of silicon materials, generally requiring a level of electronics II and above. Only a few head companies currently have a stable supply capacity for N-type materials, which is expected to generate a premium due to oversupply and high conversion efficiency, and the profit gap is expected to increase as the N-type battery ratio increases downstream.
Figure 12: The market for different types of silicon in 2020-2025e accounts for more than 1.3 crystalline silicon supply and demand: short-term, industrial chain bottlenecks, medium- and long-term new entrants or high-cost curves Energy transformation became a global consensus and the photovoltaic super-growth cycle started.
The EU, the United States, Japan, and other major economies have also set carbon neutrality and targets for a 30-40-year implementation cycle, and energy transformation has become a global consensus. Recent geopolitical turmoil in Europe, Germany proposed on 28 February that 100% renewable energy be achieved.
The goal of energy generation was reached 15 to 2035 years earlier, and on 8 March the EU proposed a programme called repowereu, which aims to move away from Russia's dependence on fossil fuels by 2030, with a global consensus that “energy is in its own hands.”
The share of domestic consumption is only 1.37%, the share of photovoltaics in global electricity generation is 3.2%, the energy transition is still in its infancy, and the cycle of photovoltaic supergrowth begins.
Cost is 883 USd/kw, equivalent to 12.5 per cent; the global average of lcoe is 0.057USd/kwh, which is already below the price of industrial electricity in 27 European countries (0.102-0.301USd/kwh) and residential electricity (0.115-0.382USd/kwh), with the advent of a photovoltaic flat price era.
The global demand for PVs has been growing at a high rate. In 2021, with a combination of price parity, double carbon, and so on, the global “potential demand scale” of new energy sources has expanded rapidly, and the trend of PV as the lowest cost power source in most parts of the world has become irreversible, adding up to the 2022 European countries to “accelerate cleanness”
Energy transformation, enhancing energy independence, has risen to the level of strategic claims, and we believe that the need for light voltage will continue to grow at a high rate in recent years. The silicon thinning, gold-line fine-lined, and battery-efficientness drive down single-watt silicon consumption.
Permanent trends in the development of the photovoltaic industry, efficiency gains, active promotion of battery-type N technology by battery manufacturers R & D process, increased battery conversion efficiency to over 24% with the development of heterogenetic knots, totopcon technology, and there is still room for continuous upgrading; in the field of precipitation, multiple crystalline silicon prices have remained high in recent years.
Low silicon consumption, thin silicon silica silica silica silica silica silica silica silica silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicate silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silibs silicon silig silicon silicon silibs silib silib silicon silicon sili) silib silicon sili) sili silicon silicon sili silim sili sili sili sl silim silim sl silim sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl low sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl, sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl
The loss of silicon consumption will continue to decline. Poor overall profitability and a decline in business expansion enthusiasm led to almost no additional supply of silicon in 2021, and tight supply and demand of silicon in 2021 against the backdrop of the rapidly growing demand for additional light-voltage downstream.
The growth of the grids has continued, and the firms concerned have subsequently increased their production, taking into account the construction and reptilisation cycles, with additional capacity released from early 2022, with a significant increase in multi-crysilica capacity at the end of 2022. If so, multi-crystal silicon supply and demand: short-term, industrial chain bottlenecks, after 2023 or gradually overflowing.
The branch, with 606,000 tons of domestic multi-crystal silicon supply in 2021, released 2022q1 additional silicon production capacity, with a total supply of about 181,000 tons per single quarter of the country less than expected. Given the new silicone production capacity and the repainting rhythm, additional supply of silicon is expected to be about 23 to 250,000 tons for the entire year of 2022, as a result of the monolithic supply.
We expect a multi-crystal silicon supply in 2022 to support some 290-300gw cluster output, an increase of about 50 per cent over the same period, and a corresponding side-loader of about 240-250gw, with a surge in demand for photovoltaic terminals in view of the soaring global fossil energy prices and increased demands from countries for energy independence.
Growth, with potential demand significantly exceeding the industry supply ceiling, and silicon links are expected to remain supply chain rigid bottlenecks in 2022.  Based on the current industry expansion plan, multi-crystal silicon supply is expected to increase to 1.2 to 1.4 million tons in 2023.
The production of more than 450gw components and the size of the exchange side load above 360gw can be supported by over 500gw in 2024 and, based on current demand projections, multi-crystal silicon capacity will gradually become redundant without a “shorter” supply chain link than multi-crystal silicon.
The cost of marginal energy cash supports short-term prices, and the full cost determines the industry’s long-term profit centre. Rationalally, the cost of marginal energy cash is close to the point where the short-term capacity begins to clear and will decline much more because the firm cannot sustain its production in the long run at a price below its cash cost.
Crystal silicon prices support it. In the long run, business production and growth are premised on reasonable profits, so that the marginal output capacity is close to the full cost of long-term exits, and at this point the leading enterprise can earn a reasonable profit on the basis of cost advantages.
The full cost of the new entrants will determine the long-term reasonable profit centre of the industry.
The curve is the leftmost. And while new entrants are also able to earn lower electricity prices, production costs are difficult to catch up with the leading firms in the short term due to high technical barriers to production of silicon, with capacity or position in the middle of the cost curve, when high electricity prices and high cost capacity (about 200,000 tons) are completely cleared.
The cost of new entrants to the industry will determine to some extent the reasonable profit center of the industry. The base of the cycle’s multi-crystal silicon price support point is expected to be $70–80/kg, with a long-term view of the head enterprise’s single-ton net profit hub of $20–30/kg.
▪ We sort out the cash costs of global multi-crystal silicon capacity by the end of 2023, and we can see that the bottom price support point for this multi-crystal silicon energy release is close to $70~80/kg, i.e. high-cost people, where the cash costs of productive capacity are located (taking into account the special characteristics of the United States market, excluding the impact of overseas production capacity), which is high.
Once the old product is cleared, marginal capacity will become the capacity of new entrants, estimating the long-term price volatility hub based on “the full cost of the new entrants + the meagre profit that is not sufficient to give them the power to expand”, at about $80 to $90/kg, when the lead-run single-ton net profit hub is expected to be $20 to $30/kg.
2. Tungweedledone operations: production expansion is ahead, cost is strong, 2.1 production expansion planning is ahead, and scale is continuously consolidated. 1077 million tons sold in 2021 by companies, with global cities accounting for about 17 per cent of the world ' s leading industry.
By the end of 2021, the company ' s Mt. 50,000 polysilicon project was launched in the second phase and the Mt. of Mt. Pao in the first phase. It is expected that the first 2 000 tons will be put into production in 2022 q2, the third 120,000 will be in production in 2023, and by the end of 2022/2023, the company ' s Mt. Mt. silicon capacity will be increased to 23/350,000 tons, respectively.
According to the company's forward production plan, issued on 25 April, it is expected that 2024-2026 will be a multi-crystal silicon capacity.
On 20 March 2020, the company announced an investment of $4 billion in the construction of an annual product in the city of Baoshan, Yunnan Province, which began construction in March 2020 and increased its capacity to 50,000 tons in October 2021.
In July 2021, the company announced an investment of $14 billion in the construction of over 200,000 tons of silicon in Mount Lei, which began construction in the first half of 2020 and increased its capacity to 50,000 tons in December 2021.
Ten thousand tons, expected to be operational by 2023.
▪ Core factors affecting the production costs of multi-crystal silicon include electricity prices, prices of industrial silicon, investment in unit capacity, consumption of production units, level of start-up rates, etc., where industrial silicon is mainly extracted from the outside, with little difference between enterprises; the price of electricity, investment in unit tons of equipment is usually locked up at the time of the initial commissioning of the project, which is the last few years
One of the main reasons for cost differentials in new and old production capacity is that technological indicators, such as production unit consumption (silicon consumption, electricity consumption), production efficiency and efficiency, are determined by the technology and performance levels of the enterprise, and are also the cost differences between the enterprises.
The factors account for a different share of production costs, with electricity and depreciation costs being higher in 2020 and before, and the cost of investment in equipment as a result of scale effects falling rapidly, so that new capacity can be rapidly reduced by investing in lower-cost areas with lower-cost equipment.
By more than 100,000 tons, the scale effect has reduced the marginality of investments in equipment; the rise in industrial and industrial electricity prices has made it difficult to achieve significant low-price advantages for new production capacity; and the rise in industrial silicon prices has led to an increase in the cost of silicon powder, thus increasing the importance of such technical indicators as silicon consumption and electricity consumption in cost control.
The company’s pre-emptive advantage is evident when low-priced resources become scarce. The cost of electricity in multiple crystalline silicon is about 30–40% of the cost of production, determining the reason for the high and low cost of electricity.
The bulk of the plant is a combination of electricity consumption and electricity prices, which require long-term process accumulation, slower performance and a more immediate role for lower electricity prices in terms of precipitation, so that in the last few years most of the new production capacity has been concentrated in low-cost areas such as Xinjiang, Inner Moon, Yunnan and Sichuan, where electricity prices have become new and old.
In the long run, however, the limited power load in low-priced areas and the increased difficulty of generating low-priced new capacity under a two-power-consuming target-testing mechanism make it difficult for firms to sustain low-price expansion or to move the cash cost of future new-product capacity upwards. The company takes the lead in low-priced electricity prices in Sichuan, Yunnan, Utomo, etc.
The industrial silicon price is driven by rising electricity costs and high downstream demand. The equivalent cost increases by about 1300 yuan per ton. Starting in the second half of 2021, businesses across the country started to grow.
The price of electricity in industry has risen and the price of water-drying periods in Yunnan and other areas has risen to 0.5 yuan/degrees, corresponding to the cost of industrial silicon in the order of 20,000 yuan/tons, and the expansion of production in the downstream multi-crysilica and organic silicon industries has been positive, pushing the price of industrial silicon from 1.2 to 15,000 yuan/tons to 2.3 to 25,000 yuan/tons.
Industrial silicon as a highly energy-intensive industry continues to be severely limited in terms of expansion targets, with additional supply being mainly in the form of storage and replacement of backward production capacity, with less room for growth in total production capacity. Where supply release rates are manageable, it is expected that the increase in electricity costs and downstream demand will support the future price of industrial silicon at $20,000 per tonne.
As the cost of raw materials and energy rises, technological innovation and streamlined management will become the main mode of future business decline. Companies are stable in the multi-crysilica industry, leading technology indicators, and fine management concepts are deeply embedded.
In 2007, after 10 years of technological accumulation, the company moved from a 1,000-ton production line to a ton-scale production line. In 2017, the company began the first major expansion, with the first and first tranches of Leysan, where 60,000 tons of production could be officially produced by the end of 2018, and the indicators were in the industry at that time.
▪ Indicators of company multi-crystal silicon capacity have continued to be optimized in recent years, contributing to a further reduction in production costs. In 2021, the company ' s multi-crystal silicon single-ton steam consumption had fallen by 55 per cent over the year, combined electricity consumption had dropped by 12 per cent over the same year, and the company ' s combined electricity consumption was now below 50 degrees, and the steam unit consumption had dropped to a single-digit level, and
Newly produced projects have achieved “zero vapour consumption”, with single consumption and reductions leading the industry. In mid-2021, the cost of company multi-crystal silicon production was 36.5 million yuan per ton, a decrease of 5.7 per cent from 2020, of which the average production cost for Leysan and the first batch was 33.7 million yuan per ton, a decrease of 7.2 per cent from 2020.
The idea of focusing on the dominant business and fine management is deeply embedded in the company’s genes. As a fine chemical, multi-crystal silicon is more demanding in terms of process, control, and security.
▪ Modular construction standards improve company productivity expansion. The company's Leysan II project was designed to introduce modular thinking, introduce a brand-new 50,000-ton modular construction standard, and provide models for other subsequent bases that can be replicated in a comprehensive manner, contributing to increased productivity, reduced time to climb, optimized process indicators,
Improvement of the Siemens method, which still has a landing space, will continue to use the technological advantages of the company.) Retaliation of the furnaces is large: about 70% of the combined power consumption for multi-crystal silicon production is reduced to a sanity, the key link to the accumulation of high-crystal silicon and the most important energy-consuming link for multi-crystal silicon quality and yield.
The most significant impact is that the main way to reduce reductive power consumption is now to expand the production of the reduced stoves, e.g., from 48 to 72 to 72, but with the increased production of the reduced stoves, the control of key parameters affecting product quality and electricity consumption, such as the temperature in the furnaces, currents, etc., will increase, as will the difficulty of controlling the production technology of the enterprise.
Higher requirements. 2) Production “digging”: long-term process sedimentation, optimization to help improve equipment production efficiency, higher actual production than plaque capacity, higher depreciation costs, and shorter manual, financial, etc.
Based on years of in-depth understanding of key production links in multi-crystal silicon, production utilization continues to be high and rising, and in 2019-2021, the company ' s multi-crystal silicon capacity utilization rate was endorsed by a large client for 2.3 megapower, tied down to pre-positioned capacity digestion.
The supply and demand stress of silicon relative to the downstream chain of photovoltaic industries will continue for some time, with the high technical barriers and cyclicality of multi-crystal silicon making downstream integration components more likely to lock raw materials through joint ventures/equity participation.
Statistics show that the current joint venture/silicon participation project signed by the company and downstream amounts to 300,000 tons, with an advance locking of about 270,000 tons. The joint venture/equity participation approach ensures that the company remains well-funded and more certain about the expansion of production, on the one hand, and the future stage of production performance, on the other.
In excess cases, depth binding with industry head customers helps to better digest output and ensure a stable digestion of corporate output when industry supply and demand are reduced. A large number of joint ventures/equity participation points to the customer’s confidence in firm expansion certainty, supply stability.
In this context, the company’s expansion project has been brought to the fore by a number of joint ventures/participants with integrated components.
Household confidence in firm expansion certainty, supply stability.3. Tweets operations: misalignment, trends in the industry of 3.1 battery chips: perc profitability is expected to be restored, and new technology n creates over-profits
In 2021, because of excessive perc battery capacity and a fragmented pattern of competition, both upstream price increases and downstream demand are affected by a combination of silicon supply constraints.
Low profit points will accelerate output shortfalls and, given the clear trend of industry switching to n-type technologies, perc capacity growth is expected to be limited this year, there may be significant improvements in excess capacity, and large-scale perc capacity may even be out of supply or demand.
Improved supply and demand up and down and large-sized battery fragments are expected to recover. In terms of end demand, downstream acceptance of large-sized products is more than expected. According to the 2022 collection of EP components, more than 500w components (equivalent to 182/210 large dimensions) account for 89%.
When the neck is reduced, the supply and demand of large-scale battery fragments relative to their upstream supply of silicone and downstream component demand will be marginal improvements, and the profitability is expected to improve as well. perc battery efficiency is nearing its limits, and the need for technology overlaps is evident.
The average conversion efficiency of the perc battery output was 23.1%, and the laboratory data from Isfh showed that the perc conversion efficiency limit was approximately 24.5%. Topcon output efficiency was 24.5%, with a maximum efficiency of 28.7%; hjt production efficiency was 24.2% and theoretical efficiency 27.5%.
It is therefore necessary to develop new batteries that are represented by Topcon and hjt. The level of technology that leads is expected to translate into excess profits for companies.
The depth and breadth of the battery ' s technical layout will increase the variability of component products, become a factor of firm competitiveness and reflect changes in the company ' s profitability and market share, and lead firms will be expected to increase their excess profits by leading technology layouts.
3.2 The company's advantage one: a misposition of the integrated layout, smoothing of the risk of profit fluctuations The supply of silicon is stable and reliable, and high-capacity utilization guarantees the profitability of the battery. Non-silicon costs account for 35 per cent of the cost of the photovoltile battery, with high capacity in the event of excess battery production
In 2021, the battery plant was under pressure to buy raw materials, and the start rate was generally low, but the company, with its silicon supply advantage, continued to achieve full production of the battery business through silicone surrogates and so forth, effectively ensuring the company’s profitability.
To consolidate their advantage in the battery chain, to smooth the price risk of price fluctuations along the chain, and to further bind their customers, the company sets up the industrial chain to silicon.
A small extension of the components was made.  Upstream, the annual 15gw latte project and the 15gw slice project, which were co-invested by the company and Trina at the end of 2020, were launched, and the project was built in two phases and will be fully invested by 2022
In February 2021, the company entered into a strategic framework agreement with Crystallography, which proposed a 30% equity ratio for the 15gw silicon silicon project.  In the downstream segment, the company had a small component capacity and began to try to participate in bidding for domestic components.
Single-crystal single-point segment of Project 166 (below 182) on 3 March 2022 in the fenced-out light-voltage assembly component; and two-point segments of Project 535-560w, 585w and above in the closed-barrelled CFEC project on 29 March.
The company’s two-fold advantage: the largest and R & D advantage of the battery is to continue to expand its output to reinforce its advantage of size. In recent years, the company’s battery output has increased steadily.
In 2021, the company produced 32.93gw, with 15% of the city’s output. Consolidation of the company’s leading position at the heart of the industrial chain. Large-scale supply, guaranteed product consistency. Incoherence in the products of photovoltaic components will result in a loss in electricity generation.
The degree of standardization of components and the rate of decline within the life cycle are closely related to the quality of raw material batteries. Companies keep up the lead in size, cost, technology, agglomerations, and can provide a one-time supply that meets the product coherence of downstream customers.
Figure 46: Market share of the battery film industry in 2021 – sustained R & D inputs to strengthen technological leadership. In recent years, companies have continued to increase R & D spending, and the excess profits they earned in 2021-2022 in silicon will further strengthen their investment in R & D.
The company is currently accelerating the process of research and development of new technologies, such as hjt and topcon. In 2019, the company launched a 400mwhjt test line, a company that had previously built a heterogeneous research and development line in the industry, 2021.
The company ' s Hjt volume conversion efficiency was 24.66%, the maximum R & D conversion efficiency was 25.45%, and the new 1gwhjt test line was launched in August 2021. The company launched its 210 dimensions-based Topcon technology development in 2020, and the 1gwtopcon project is now successfully operational.
• In February 2022, the company publicly released a transferable debt to raise $12 billion, of which the Tungwei Group had
The company is a global leader of multi-crystal silicon, battery blades, and has accumulated technology in silicon, components, and photovoltaic power plants.
The advance of the debt-financing project will continue to consolidate the company’s strengths in size and its status as a leader in the industrial chain. Hundreds of millions of dollars will be allocated to the core cadre of employees who make a significant contribution to the company, based on the results of the 2022-2024 employee performance appraisal.
Establishment of a management/trust product with a priority/sub-prime share of 1:1 with a ceiling of $5.6 billion, with shares being purchased from the secondary market. The company is currently in a critical phase of expanding its competitive position, and the stockholding scheme will bind the interests of its employees to the enterprise and motivate the company’s management team and associated employees.
The multi-crystal silicon capacity in the industry has expanded significantly, but is still below downstream silicon, batteries and assembly links, and, given the continuing over-expected end demand, the short-term view of the multi-crystal silicon price high or longer, is expected to result in a gradual decline in the investment price of the new capacity, with tax-bearing sales expected for 2022-2024
Cost advantages and scale effects, with a slight decrease in the projected unit cost of the company, combined sales prices and costs, with a projected Māori rate of 73 per cent, 65 per cent and 54 per cent for the polysilica operation in 2022-2024, respectively, with an improvement in supply and demand in the pool chain, a subsequent decrease in the cost of raw materials, and a rise in the cost of new technology products
• Using the pe valuation method, we select five comparable companies, Lungi Green Energy, Frett, Power All, New Technologies, and Technology. The dominance of five comparable companies, the average pe and the client advantage of 2022-2024, and the battery profitability of the N-type new technology.
The market is generally of the opinion that the current multi-crystal silicon industry is more difficult to value at the height of the weather cycle, and we think that the bottom line of performance and the estimation of the bottom zone of the next multi-crystal silicon cycle could be based on profit assumptions, assuming that the low point of the silicon cycle will be touched at some point in the next two years, and that the needs of the era are luminous at par prices.
For elasticity, the low price of silicon is not expected to last all year and is expected to correspond to the net yield of silicon at the cost of the company in that year at $1.52 million per ton, 380,000 tons based on equity sales in 2024, $5.7-7.6 billion for polycrystal silicon, plus the contribution of batteries and other operations.
The risk of irrational expansion of the industry: as the price of multi-crystal silicon rises, a large number of new entrants plan to invest in the multi-crystal silicon project, considering the high entry threshold of the multi-crystal silicon industry, when the multi-crysilica price becomes rational,
Real production is expected to be on a smaller scale than planned, but if the new entrants expand irrationally, or will lead to hyper-competition in the industry, affecting the net profits of firms. ▪ Risk of a deterioration in the international trading environment: China has significantly outperformed domestic end-points in all segments of its photovoltaic industrial chain
Demand, if the main overseas markets generally increase trade barriers to China’s photovoltaics, could lead to a decline in the export competitiveness of China’s photovoltaic products, which in turn could affect the volume and profitability of domestic photovoltaic manufacturing firms’ products.
This may affect the increase in photovoltaic penetration, leading to less than expected growth in global demand for new installed machines and products associated with the production chain.  Corporate project construction is not as fast as expected: new projects contribute significantly to company performance, if built and implemented
The company ' s performance may be lower than expected owing to the slower pace of production delivery. Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, followed by an average calculation of the final rating as an average market investment