Silicon expansion is well ahead of schedule.
Category of report: Industry studies The silicon industry maintains a high profile, and silicon prices sustain high corporate profits The company achieved a total operating income of 63,491 million yuan in 2021, of which 381.84 and 381.8 million dollars were earned in the photovoltaic industry and agricultural farms, respectively
9.48% Māori for agricultural feed, despite the fact that the level of the price of silicon in the photovoltaic industry has increased as a result of the higher cost of raw materials and the sharp decline in competition in the market, has increased significantly in the company as a whole since 2021. Since the end of 2020, silicon prices in the photovoltaic industry have been driven by downstream demand, moving along and at high levels.
Today, silicon prices will significantly increase the company’s performance, and the supply of silicon will remain in a state where downstream silicon production is more than expected, and silicon prices are expected to remain high during the course of the year. Billions of dollars, an increase of 552.15%, and net profits attributable to the parent company of $5,194 million, an increase of 513.01%; and gross gains.
Interest rate of 34.11% and net interest rate of 23.59%. Driven by the overall high profile of the photovoltaic industry, the company is expected to continue a quarter of the year with high performance growth.
For silicon, the company’s reliance on the excellent electricity resources of Sichuan Leung, Inner Cover, and Yunnan Bao Mountain has a definite advantage over its competitors in the cost of electricity. At the same time, the company’s expansion has a robust pace, with an additional 100,000 tons of capacity project further reducing the unit capacity depreciation cost.
In the area of solar cells, the company ' s non-silicon cost is as low as $0.018/watt, below the industry average, and cost-control capabilities are in the industry ' s lead.
The company’s 15gw silicon production capacity will be operational in 2022, when the company will have silicon, silicon, solar battery, and solar-powered industrial chains, which are the main segments of the market’s product line. Although the company’s silicon and solar component productions are relatively small, and are fully compatible with its own large silicon, solar-powered battery production, the whole industry chain layout is circumvented.
Even in the follow-up market, where prices of upstream silicon have fallen as a result of the release of market capacity, companies are expected to maintain business growth through other products such as solar cells.
Billion dollars, or 25 per cent of the compound growth over the next three years, based on 2021; head companies belonging to parent companies in the two separate areas of net profit (a year-on-year growth and solar cells), with a deep technological build-up and significant cost advantages, benefited from the high landscape of the photovoltaic industry, and we rated them as “upscaling”.
Tonway Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Tonway shares” or “the company”) is controlled by the Tonway Group. In agriculture, new and new energy sources, the company focuses on research and development, production and marketing of products such as high-purity silicon, solar cells, etc., while working on investment and maintenance at the “Fishet as One” terminal. By the end of 2021, the company had formed a high-purity silicon year.
In the case of high-purity silicon operations, where companies are based in Leisan, Head, and Baoshan, where the main factors of production are close-to-the-shelf purchases, the product customers are mainly downstream silicon enterprises. In order to guarantee long-term stability of production, companies have worked with downstream silicon companies in recent years to sell long singles, and there is no price for silicon long locks.
Prices go hand in hand; with regard to solar cell operations, the production base is in double currents, gold canals, browsing, compost, corporate roots, and production is organized according to market demand, in combination with the production line structure, and products are sold directly to downstream components. With the advantage of leading technology, quality, and cost, the company’s main clients cover the top 10 light-voltage components across the globe, maintaining their industry leaders for a long period of time.
In agriculture, the company’s main business is research, production, and marketing of products such as aquatic feed, animal feed, etc., of which specialization and scalding have developed, with annual feed production capacity exceeding 10 million tons, production and distribution networks covering most of the country and South-East Asian countries such as Viet Nam, Bangladesh, Indonesia, etc.
In 1992 the Tonway Group was formed as a company that has been a central product of the company for many years, formerly known as the Royal Co-operative Feeding Plant in Kyawshan County. In 2004, the Tonway shares were transferred to the Tonway shares to purchase all shares of the Consumable Fertilizer (formerly the Fertilizer), the Tonway New Energy and the Yong-Sao stock.
Since then, the shares have formed a multi-crystal silicon, battery blades, and a photovoltaic chain of integrated photovoltaic power plants, and the company as a whole has been able to develop in synergy between the two industries of light voltage and feed.
The company is a private business, with the first largest shareholder being the Tonway Group Ltd., which effectively controls Liu Han Won. The company’s equity structure is concentrated, with the Tonway Group holding 43.85% of the company’s shares. Liu Han Won holds 80% of the Tonway Group’s shares and his wife holds 20% of the Tonway Group’s shares. The company’s second largest shareholder is the Hong Kong Central Clearing Company Ltd., which holds 5.33% of the company’s shares.
Equity; the top five major shareholders are mainly managers, trust management plans, with shares below 1.2 per cent. Companies operate mainly in three subsidiaries of the new energy business sector, namely Equivalency, Solar Power and Energy Power, while feed plates have more than 70 subsidiaries covering multiple links in R & D, production, sales, etc.
Figure 3: Corporate equity structure chart: Corporate performance has grown rapidly in recent years. In 2021, the company achieved business income of $63.5 billion, an increase of 43.6 per cent in the same year. The photovoltaic industry has continued to grow, and agricultural feed has risen steadily: by branch, the company ' s business has grown rapidly in recent years.
The revenue-earning ratio of business growth has also exceeded the traditional agricultural sector completely. It has also benefited from the high profile of the entire photovoltaic industry, with company photovoltaic products, especially upstream silicon products, increasing their prices by 2021, with the level of gross domestic product (Māori) approaching three times that of 2020, and the Māori rate rising from 23.2 per cent to 39.8 per cent in the traditional agricultural sector.
While the level of Māori has declined over the years, the overall level of revenue has grown steadily, and Māori levels have also been increasing.
For the technological development of silicon and battery cells. In addition to optimizing the mainstream perc battery technology, emphasis is placed on technology closing the next generation of battery technology with a scale-based yield-down target. Based on the 400mwhjt test line in 2019, the company added a new 1gwhjt test line in 2021, which is currently being developed and measured by hjt.
Production efficiency has increased considerably, key feeder and consumption indicators have declined further, and silver slurry has replaced R & D in a phased manner; on the other hand, the company has synchronized the production and development of topcon technology, leading to the launch of a 210-sized topcon-based toner, and the 1gwtopcon project has now been successfully launched and the product-to-mass conversion efficiency has been achieved.
Figure 8: Annual increases in corporate R & D inputs (in millions of yuan, %)  R & D costs - R & D rates, II. The new energy track is just red and multi-faceted.
2.1 The overall market overview of photovoltaics reached 170gw a year, a 31 per cent increase over the same year. On the domestic market, according to the National Energy Agency, the country last year added 54.88gw light voltage capacity, with new photovoltaic capacity ranking first in the world for nine consecutive years.
Beginning with the policy of controlling the “competitive” and “price subsidy” of the photovoltaic industry on an annual basis, the overall subsidy level has declined. As a result of this, the heat of the construction of the photovoltaic plant has dwindled, and the capacity of the new photovoltaics in 2018 and 2019 has declined for two consecutive years, until 2020, when growth resumed.
In 2021, Saudi Arabia’s Al-Arab photovoltaic project was marked as low as 1.04 cents/kWh (equivalent to RMB 0.067/kWh) and our Gaz state photovoltage project at a price of 0.14776/kWh, respectively, refreshing the lowest prices of electricity from abroad and from home countries.
In 2021, our PV station officially entered the “unsubsidized age”, and, under a market-based competition, its construction broke through the long-strained cost bottlenecks of the past.
In 2015 and 2016, the country reached its peak, according to data from the National Energy Agency, with a rate of more than 30% in some provinces and municipalities in 2015. Some energy use is not good.
The construction of new energy plants has been limited to a certain extent. With the construction of storage facilities and the flexible transformation of fire power in recent years, there has been significant progress in the current level of energy consumption from new sources. In 2021, 98% of the country ' s photovoltaic power was used, 96.9% of the wind power was used, 97.2% in the first quarter of 2022, and 96.8% of the country ' s average.
Photovoltaic utilization remains above the high level target of 95%, highlighting the country’s excellent capacity to absorb clean energy in the grid system. Growth in capacity has contributed positively to the robust operation of the power system, and has laid the foundation for the construction of the photovoltaic industry and speed.
2.2 Silicon maintains a high profile and the company has a technological cost advantage. 2.2.1 Silicon industry characteristics: large investment size, long production time, high location requirements. Some entry barriers exist in the silicon industry, mainly because of the size of the investment, the long life cycle, the long recovery period, etc.
In the meantime, silicon production is a highly energy-intensive industry, which consumes about 60-70 degrees of electricity for the production of a kilogram of silicon. Although it is not explicitly included in the “energy consumption control” control industry because of its involvement in the new energy sector, the expansion of silicon production capacity is also somewhat constrained by the gdp performance indicators for units in the provinces and municipalities.
The annual report states that the company now has a high-purity crystalline annual production capacity of 180,000 tons, while it currently has about 170,000 tons in construction capacity, including the first two phases of the 50,000-ton project, which are expected to be operational in 2022, and the three-phase 120,000-ton project in Leysan, which is expected to be operational in 2023. By 2023, the company will have 350,000 tons of high-purity crystallized silicon production capacity.
Figure 11: Annual increases in corporate R & D inputs (in millions of yuan, %) 2.2.2 Siemens improvements are mature and stable, and expansion is fast ahead of schedule. Currently, production of silicon in the market is dominated by two methods: improvements in Siemens and Silane Fluid Beds.
(fbr). The former produces silicon-shaped silicon-type silicon-type silicon-shaped silicon-like silicon-like silicon-like silicon-like silicon-forms. In terms of stability of production, the improved Siemens approach has evolved over the years, mature and stable processes have been simple and manageable, and the equipment has been standardized to facilitate expansion. The silicane flow bed-based approach is technically difficult, the process is immature, and the end product has been produced.
There are some deficiencies in the form, but there is a significant advantage in energy consumption. Tonway shares use improved Siemens to produce high-purity crystal silicon; The middle-energy silicon industry, which is part of the Paulian energy industry, has been exploring the path of silicone fluidization bed methodology technology for many years, and currently has a capacity of about 30,000 tons of silicon particles. It is worth mentioning that the major silicon producers are currently de-insured during the expansion cycle.
Table 2. Business capacity planning for head silicon and technological pathways 2.2.3 Cost control of construction of industry mounds
The company now has a technological cost advantage in silicon production enterprises: according to pvinfolink data, the company currently has lower production costs than the major competitors. Production costs are mainly electricity, metal silicon, and equipment depreciation. According to solarzoom, electricity is the most important cost of silicon production, and in terms of electricity: the company now produces three large amounts of crystal silicon.
In April 2022, Yunnan Bao-san eliminated the subsidies on green energy in Lungi and adopted market-based trading principles, but this change has not yet affected Tonway's shareholdings.
Project One. Assuming that Yunnan Poyama has adopted uniform electricity standards for the local photovoltaic industry, i.e. a market-based trade in electricity, the first 5w tons of production capacity accounted for a relatively small proportion of the company’s planned production capacity of 35w tons by the end of 2023. Other silicon companies are also well organized in Yunnan Pao, and the adoption of uniform standards has a controlled impact on the competitive patterns of the industry.
The cost share of the second largest metal silicon goes with the market and the cost gap between the producers is limited. For depreciation, the company’s objective, the three-phased 120,000 tons project, which was under construction in Leysan, is expected to come into production in 2023, is the company’s first single annual production of 100,000 tons, with lower unit investment costs, better process design, and a higher level of intelligence.
Currently, the first line of silicon is the conglomerates’ shareholdings, the East Hope, the Xinjiang, the New Special Energy, the Asia Silicon Industry, and the Greater New Energy. Some of the multi-crysilica enterprises abroad, with their cost significantly higher than that of domestic firms, continue to decline in competitiveness.
As a result of the “double carbon” policy, access to energy consumption targets will become more difficult in the future, with companies actively deploying low-priced areas with low capacity, and new production planning in low-priced areas such as the interior, Sichuan and Yunnan, with significant pre-emptive advantages. 2.2.4 Silicon prices remain high.
Silicon prices are expected to remain high in the short term: silicon prices have continued to rise and remain high since the beginning of 2021. Some companies have been able to start producing silicon since the beginning of the year, but production capacity has fallen short of expectations due to local epidemics, while downstream silicon production capacity has been invested, and the supply of silicon has remained at a tight balance overall, and we expect silicon prices in the short term.
It is worth noting that, in the second half of this year, and throughout the year next year, new silicon productions that began construction in 2020 and 2021 will continue to be released. As this capacity is gradually released, silicon supply and demand structures will improve, and silicon prices may fall to normal levels.
2.3 Batteries are leading the non-silicon cost industry, with multiple technological paths moving in parallel. Batteries are located in the photovolt industry chain, upstream with silicon, battery links with multiple preparation processes, and the more dominant perc cell cells are currently prepared by silicon silicon through the washing of fumes, spreading of knots, cleaning of etchings, de-reflection film preparation, etc.
In addition to perc, there are ibc, topcon, hjt, etc., technology pathways for the preparation of electric films. At the same time that the company owns the mainstream perc route, it also carries out a technical closing of the next generation of production processes. By the end of 2021, the company had put in place a test line in 1gwhjt and a 1gwtopcon line.
Under current technological conditions, hjt and topcon are the best manufacturing routes for the next generation of battery tablets, while ibc is expected to become ibc as the technology continues to improve as it is temporarily out of the first competitive sequence due to the extreme technical and quantitative difficulties.
The advantage of hjt is that the process is reduced from eight processes compared to perc to four, while reducing the thickness of silicone, and Hjt's conversion efficiency is much higher than that of perc, where Hjt's maximum conversion efficiency is now generally higher than 25% in the mainstream laboratory, which exceeds the perc path theory limit.
The process has been completely different from perc and cannot be upgraded using the existing perc line. Although the current hjt production has been fully nationalized and the cost of investment has been reduced from 500 million/gw in the previous two years to 450 million/gw currently, the new acquisition of hjt production equipment to build production lines will continue to place a certain burden on the enterprise, to the detriment of the producer of the perc battery plate.
Figure 16: Company Hjt Battery Laboratory conversion efficiency records (%)
Tungwee shares, another technology path to Topcon is now considered a popular option. Laboratory efficiency in conversion efficiency is also over 25%, over 24% on the mass production line, slightly below hjt but not significantly different, and topcon conversion efficiency theory limits.
About 28%, higher than hjt. On the other hand, the biggest advantage of Topcon is that some of the perc lines can be converted to Topcon lines through upgraded squares, thus saving money on equipment purchases, and upgrading from perc to Topcon key devices, which are also nationalized, with a much higher toncon path for batteries with large perc capacity.
Attractive. Of course, the disadvantage of Topcon is that it has more process, both technical and managerial skills of the enterprise. Figure 18: Topcon 210-12bb double-face batteries. Figure 17: Heterolytic Lump 166-9bb double-face batteries.
In summary, traditional battery producers prefer to use tocon to upgrade perc, while new to the battery, players tend to go directly to the horsehjt production line, both of which are now close to 60gw, with no significant difference in their domestic planned output. Convergence shares, as the current tap of the battery film industry, are explored in depth, with a split between the two technological pathways.
The company has completed preparations for the next generation of battery film production in terms of technological reserves, and is expected to be ranked first in the process of technological change in battery film. At present, battery manufacturers can be divided into two categories, namely, Tungwee, and Tung Wei.
Specialized battery manufacturers like Aishu, Central, etc.; one type of photovoltaic integration company with a layout in the battery chain, including Lungi shares, Crystal Austrotech, Crystal Energy, Tianchi energy, East Sun rise, etc. The company, by virtue of its long-term accumulation, is among the top in the field of solar battery. According to pvinfolink data, Tonway shares in the 2021 global sun.
The volume of battery fragments continues to be in the first position. Swimping out of the sea accelerates, and the demand rises upstream: statistics show that exports doubled in the first quarter of 2022, with a certain boost to the upstream market, although higher prices for silicon upstream batteries squeezed a portion of the profit.
Space, but overall downstream demand maintains a high rate of growth, while the smooth increase in the prices of downstream battery-assembly products absorbs a fraction of the cost pressure. On the other hand, the company has considerable silicon production capacity, and the strategy of industrial chain integration allows the company to follow with significant cost advantages, with profit crowding down competitiveness.
The cost of removing silicon from the nonsilicon is the cost of removing silicon from the battery. Because of the high marketization of silicon, the cost of acquiring silicon is almost similar to that of each enterprise, nonsilicon costs are a core indicator of the cost control capabilities of a battery company. The company ' s annual report of 2021 shows that the cost of nonsilicon from the company ' s battery decreased to 0.18 yuan/watts, down 11 per cent from 2020, and is in the forefront of the industry.
Cpia forecasts show that the current average non-silicon cost in the battery film industry is 0.25 yuan/w, well above the Tungwig share cost level. The decline in the more lucrative large-sized battery fragments is even more significant. From a company’s point of view, Tungwee shares lead their own non-silicon cost industries, and product competitiveness is even more pronounced when middle-silica profits are squeezed.
The company's annual report 2021 shows that it is currently building a 15gw single crystal silicon production line with a capacity of 15gw, which is expected to be operational in 2022. The line will be completed from silicon, silicon, solar cell, solar assembly.
The last part of the chain is missing. When the line is put into production, the company will become a photovoltaic whole-industry production company with a silicon-to-assembly chain. Although there is less production of silicon than the company’s large quantities of silicon and solar cell energy, silicon and solar components, there is a certain degree of sharing of industrial cyclical risks, especially the possible downside in future silicon prices.
To lay the foundation for a firm ' s well-being.iii. A steady expansion of agricultural feed and a performance-based guarantee of 3.1 feed market overview
The feed industry has been growing in the country for decades, and has matured. In 2021, the demand for raw pigs increased for the feed industry as a whole. According to the Chinese Association of Feeding Industries, in 2021, a total of 29.3443 million tons of feed was produced nationwide, an increase of 16.1 per cent compared to the same year. In terms of varieties, the production of pig feed was 13,076.5 million tons, an increase of 46.6 per cent compared to the same year.
The volume of 32,234,000 tons fell by 3.6 per cent in the same year; meat feed production was 89,096,000 tons in the same year, a 2.9 per cent decline in the same year; animal feed production was 14.803 million tons in the same year, an 12.2 per cent increase in the same year; water feed production was 22,930.0 million tons, an 8.0 per cent increase in the same year. The feed market generally maintained a better growth trend.
Cost management capacity, R & D capacity, and product quality are key to the survival of the enterprise. Small and medium-sized enterprises are under stress because of their small physical capacity and low risk resistance.
The company’s main business is the research, production and marketing of products such as aquatic feed, animal feed, etc., to meet the growth and nutritional needs of aquaculture, livestock and animal farming. Of this, aquatic feed has been the company’s core product, and at the end of the reporting period, the company produced more than 10 million tons of feed annually.
The feed industry, despite a decline in the price of raw materials, downstream rigid demand and cost-plus pricing patterns have enabled the feed industry to become a stable profit for companies.
During the reporting period, the Technology Centre carried out a comprehensive approach to building research and development systems at the corporate level for forward-looking research, basic research and applied research. For forward-looking research, emphasis was placed on the production and application of single-cell protein as a source of protein for fish feed.
For example, in the case of the industrialization of monocellular proteins, and in the case of feed-level spirulina “algalum assimilate.” In the case of applied research, new products are developed around business needs, using a variety of research and development products, such as the development of high-end freshwater seedings, “open mouths”, immuno-upgrading feed, “fish Consort 1,” extra-winter feed, “fish winter health”, etc.
By the end of the reporting period, the company had accumulated 840 patents and received 616 authorized patents. At the same time, the company itself entered the aquaculture industry with a moderate degree of revenue from the processing and circulation of its water products in 2021.
This represents an increase of 11.35 billion yuan, or 20 per cent over the same period. Farming bases receive “organic certification” and “unresponsible certification” and “one-size-of-fish, clean-up-trace” to achieve full-time quality safety monitoring from the source to the table. In the context of the current recurrent epidemic, the retroactive management of aquaculture at the company breeding base plays a positive role in the healthy production of enterprises.
The feed business provides the basic security for the company's performance. The feed business provides the basic security for the company's performance.
The company’s feed business is better able to provide the basis for the company’s performance. 4.1.1. The photovoltaic industry maintains a high profile and silicon prices sustain high corporate profits.
The company achieved a total operating income of 63,491 million yuan in 2021, of which 381.84 per cent was collected in the photovoltaic sector and 381.84 per cent in the agro-pastoral sector, respectively, and even though the level of Maori forage in agriculture decreased owing to the higher cost of raw materials and increased competition in the market, it benefited from higher prices of silicon in the fluorescent sector, where the company ' s level of Maori increased significantly in 2021.
From the end of 2020, the price of silicon in the light-voltage industry will remain high as downstream demand drives it. The high price of silicon will significantly increase the company’s performance, and the supply of silicon will remain tight in a situation where downstream silicon production is more than expected, with silicon prices expected to remain high for the second half of the year.
Interest rate of 34.11% and net interest rate of 23.59%. Driven by the overall high profile of the photovoltaic industry, the company is expected to continue a quarter of the year with high performance growth. 4.1.2. Cost controls are excellent and products are competitive.
For silicon, the company’s reliance on the excellent electricity resources of Sichuan Leung, Inner Cover, and Yunnan Bao Mountain has a definite advantage over its competitors in the cost of electricity. At the same time, the company’s expansion has a robust pace, with an additional 100,000 tons of capacity project further reducing the unit capacity depreciation cost.
In the area of solar cells, the company ' s non-silicon cost is as low as 0.18 yuan/watts, well below the industry average cost-control water level, where the industry is in the lead. 4.1.3. Whole industry chain layout, sharing cyclical risks.
The company’s 15gw silicon production capacity will be operational in 2022, when the company will have silicon, silicon, solar battery, and solar-powered industrial chains, which are mainly market-based production lines. Although the company’s silicon and solar component productions are relatively small, and are fully compatible with its own large silicon and solar-powered battery production, the whole industry chain is well organized.
It avoids the cyclical risk of a single product. Even with upstream silicon prices falling due to market energy release between the second half of the year and the next year, companies are expected to maintain business growth through other products such as solar cells. 4.2 Profit forecasts versus valuations
During the first quarter of 2022, the company achieved operating income of $24,685 million, operating profits of $6,879 million, net profits attributable to the parent company $5,194 million, a Māori rate of 34,11 per cent and a net interest rate of 23.59 per cent.
Growth of 60.87 per cent, 186.89 per cent and 17.46 per cent, with high growth in solar cells and silicon in key photovoltaic operations, and with the accelerating global energy transition, the demand for upstream products from photovoltaic construction continues to rise as global photovoltaic silicon and battery film taps, combined with company capacity expansion plans, and silicon and cell block operations are expected to grow on a large scale.
The traditional feed business benefits from the competitive advantage of industrial integration, with collection levels growing steadily in the context of increased concentration in the industry as a whole. Māori ratio: in terms of the Māori ratio of products, under the current market, benefits from the high profile of the PV sector as a whole and silicon.
However, as silicon production can be concentrated over the next two years, there is a certain downward pressure on silicon Maori. At this stage of battery film, it is being squeezed by the price of upstream raw materials, the price of silicon is falling and the upstream cost pressure is decreasing.
In light of the light situation, corporate battery business is expected to benefit, and some recovery is expected next year. Forage production is under greater pressure from upstream raw materials, with 9.48% below recent levels in 2021, a more mature industry, stable industry patterns, and less expected change in Māori levels.
Billion dollars, based on 2021, is 25 per cent of the compound growth over the next three years; the parent company's net profit is 177 (and it's growing as compared to the previous year), and the company's technology has accumulated, and the cost advantages have been highlighted, benefiting from the high profile of the photovoltaic industry, and we have rated it as “increasing”.
Table 5. Comparable corporate valuation of additional production capacity for silicon over-expected; photovoltaic construction less than expected;
(b) The technology manufacturing industry reported in May 2022: the market continues to grind down and seizes the potential for a phased rebound from the resumption of manufacturing operations (20225001).
The strategy for the technology manufacturing industry in the second quarter of 2022: increased pressure on industry operations, focus on performance certainty, grasping the chance of a collapse of the plate (20220331)
The government-funded securities firm, the country’s first professional securities firm to be made by a financial intermediary, has grown from more than 30 years of change to China’s China Electric Group Capital Holdings Ltd.