Focus Media Information Tech (002027.SZ)
Slowdown in both revenue growth and network expansion
Xufa Liao, CFA
002027.SZ
Upside: 40.7%
Beijing Gao Hua Securities Company Limited
We revisit the competition dynamics and macro headwinds faced by
Focus Media. We think the cyclical impact on advertisement might
be more serious than expected and revenue growth might further
slow down to the low teens level after 4Q18, in line with that
observed during 2013-15. Meanwhile, the slowing down of Focus
Media's network expansion, as well as the new round of financing
that its rival Xinchao Media has secured from Baidu and others,
Key Data
Market cap: Rmb82.3bn / $11.9bn
might lead to a longer-than-expected price war. Hence, we cut our
Enterprise value: Rmb78.6bn / $11.4bn
2018E-21E EPS by 1.6%-20% to reflect lower revenue as well as
3m ADTV: Rmb791.8mn / $114.4mn
China
lower margins. We expect 2019E NI to decline by 8% yoy to
A-share Media
Rmb5.58bn due to lower ASP and higher cost per screen. According
GS Forecast
to our estimates, 4Q18 and 1Q19 should be the growth rate trough.
We cut our 12-month target price to Rmb7.89 (was Rmb11.67), but
maintain Buy on attractive valuation (the stock is trading at 14x
2019E P/E vs. an average of 20x for global outdoor advertising
peers, and 18x average for domestic media peers).
Macro headwinds intensify
Macro headwinds have begun to impact advertising expenditure.
According to CTR, China advertisement expenditure on traditional
GS Factor Profile
media (ex-internet media) was down 2.8% in October, declining
further from a 1.5% yoy fall in 3Q18, after a 9.3% yoy rise in 1H18.
Thanks to the Singles Day advertising campaign of Alibaba and other
e-commerce platforms, Elevator LCD screen ads and Elevator
Poster ads maintained relatively stable growth, increasing
23.9%/23.6% yoy in Oct, respectively, vs. 26%/25% in Sept.
002027.SZ relative to Asia ex. Japan Coverage
002027.SZ relative to A-share Media
However, we think the impact from macro headwinds might further
expand to inner building advertisement expenditure, and notably
Source: Company data, Goldman Sachs Research estimates.
See disclosures for details.
brand advertising at the low end is the ad basket most likely to be
cut, in our view due to the limited targeting ability of inner building
Goldman Sachs does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. As a result,
investors should be aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this
report. Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. For Reg AC
certification and other important disclosures, see the Disclosure Appendix, or go to
analysts with FINRA in the U.S.
Focus Media Information Tech (002027.SZ)
Ratios & Valuation
Growth & Margins (%) _
Price Performance
Income Statement (Rmb mn)
Source: Company data, Goldman Sachs Research estimates.
ad formats. During the investor meeting at the GS China Conference held on Nov 16,
management also expressed concerns about the impact from the economic slowdown,
and expected revenue growth in 4Q18 to further slow down to the mid-teen level.
Currently, the biggest contribution of advertisement revenue is from FMCG products,
which grew 57% yoy in 1H18 and contributed 24% of total ad revenue for Focus Media.
Excluding FMCG, other sectors grew at 16% yoy in 1H18. Given that FMCG usually has
6-9 months time lag in the advertisement cycle vs. macroeconomic growth, we think
2019 growth might see a drag from a deceleration in FMCG advertising. Furthermore,
internet advertising might continue its single-digit growth in inner building media given
that traffic advertising growth of internet companies is becoming more muted as it
enters a matured stage of penetration.
Source: CTR, Gao Hua Securities Research
Source: Gao Hua Securities Research
Competition remains a concern but screen roll out might slow down
With Xinchao Media, the aggressive competitor shaking Focus Media's dominant
position in the industry, securing another round of financing of Rmb2.1bn (led by Baidu),
competition remains a pressure for Focus Media. Although the CEO of Xinchao recently
said that the company would slow the pace of its network expansion after reaching
coverage of 700k elevators because of the macroeconomic uncertainties, competition
alarm is still not disarmed from Focus Media's perspective. According to the CEO of
Xinchao (as per media report dated December 10 from wallstreetcn.com), the company
will realize revenue of Rmb1bn in 2018 (which is far less than its April 2018 announced
target of Rmb1.5bn), but is still running at a loss and would like to monetize the
operation of the current network. We see this as a signal of alleviation of the elevator
resources war. Meanwhile, Focus Media also sent out similar signals. During the
investor meeting at the November GS China Conference, Focus Media management
indicated that terminal expansion in 2019 might slow down and trend at the low end of
its latest 500k-1mn increase target if competition pressure eases up, and the company
might focus more on the monetization of new screens. We think the trimming of the
screen roll-out plan for 2019 is due to several factors: 1) the macro headwinds bring less
visibility of ad expenditure for 2019, 2) the slow down of competitors' network
expansion, and 3) Focus Media will have developed 1.1-1.2mn new screens as of end
2018, much more than the previous target of 1mn set in April, and the company has
secured most incremental prime locations in 2018. There is no need to further expand
aggressively in 2019, in our view.
On the other hand, as of end 2018 the combined penetration rate of Focus Media
(1.1mn coverage of elevators, according to our estimate) and Xinchao Media (700k
elevators, according to the company) would be close to 30% of total elevators in China.
Including the other smaller players in lower tier cities, the penetration of elevators with
advertising media would be even higher than 50%. Therefore, we think the network
expansion of Focus Media and Xinchao Media would be more determined by the growth
rate of elevators in China, which we estimate at 10%-12% in the next couple of years.
Given the macroeconomic slowdown and reduced competition, we now expect the total
number of ad terminals in elevators to reach 2.95mn/3.42mn in 2019/20 (down from
3.71mn/4.92mn for 2019/20 previously), implying 14% and 16% growth, in line with the
average growth rate between 2014-17. Still, we expect the ASP (average revenue per
terminal) growth to continue to decline by 2%-3% during 2019-20 as demand growth
might still lag that of supply growth and competition will continue to weight on pricing
power.
While this supply slowdown could ease the cost pressures, we think the intense price
competition between Focus Media and Xinchao Media might last longer than expected,
with less likelihood that Xinchao is squeezed out of the market given that Baidu, the
largest online ad company in China, is now a strategic investor, and as Focus Media has
revenue will likely be only about 6%-7% of Focus Media's), we think Xinchao Media will
continue to lose money for a while until it proactively stops its price war and focuses
more on profitability and monetization. Chances of a co-existing dual oligarchic market
structure in the long run are increasing, in our view, and if that happens we expect
Focus Media's profitability to stabilize in the next 2-3 years.
Source: Company data, Gao Hua Securities Research
Estimate and valuation
We cut our 2018E-2021E revenue for Focus Media by 1.3%-13.7% mainly to reflect
lower advertising spend on the back of macroeconomic uncertainties. We now expect
21%/10%/13%/15% revenue growth in 2018E-21E. For the inner building media
business (the largest business, contributing 80% of total revenue), we expect revenue
growth to slow down to the mid-teen level in 4Q18 and then significantly slow further to
10% yoy in 2019, similar to what happened during 2013-14 when China GDP growth also
faced strong headwinds. After 2019, we expect growth to recover moderately to 14%
and 15% on the back of the economy stabilizing and monetization of the new screen
format—the vertical screen customized for LBS (Location-based) local advertisers.
We think COGS will continue to grow rapidly (at 35% yoy in 2019 and 20% in 2020),
largely due to the rising rental per terminal due to higher competition, as well as
increased supply.
We also cut 2018E-21E EPS by 1.6%-20% to reflect lower revenue as well as lower
margins. We think COGS will continue to outgrow revenue in the next two years, due to
increasing rental cost per screen, lower ad upload and lower ASP. We expect overall GP
margin to continue to go down from 65% in 2018E to 58% in 2019 until it stabilizes at
55% in 2020. We expect EBIT margin to decline from 42% in 2018E to 34% in 2020E,
and stabilize at 34% in 2021E due to alleviated competition and slower screen roll out.
We expect NI to decline by 8% yoy in 2019E to Rmb5.58bn due to lower ASP and higher
cost per screen.
Source: Company data, Gao Hua Securities Research
will be the trough of the NI growth rate.
Exhibit 5: Quarterly forecast of Focus Media
Unit: Rmb, million
Source: Company data, Gao Hua Securities Research
Following the cut to our estimates, we lower our 12-m TP to Rmb7.89 (was Rmb11.67).
Our TP methodology is still based on P/E, but we roll back the target year from 2021 to
2020, to better reflect near-term growth momentum, and we now apply a multiple of
20x (was 23x) as we benchmark to global peers' current 12m forward P/E levels. We
continue to discount back to 2019 using 8% COE. We maintain a Buy rating on
unchanged long-term competitive advantages and a dominant position, as well attractive
valuation.
Key risks
Economic slowdown could impact overall ad expenditure: Focus Media's ad revenue is
highly correlated with advertising market growth, which is largely driven by economic
growth. If economic growth further slows, advertisers tend to cut their ad budgets, thus
hurting Focus Media's revenue growth.
Competition gets tougher: If Xinchao Media adopts a more aggressive expansion
strategy and launch another round of price war on advertisement and elevator rental,
Focus Media might have to fight back fiercely by reaccelerating network expansion or
via a price war, which would further weigh on margins.
Sell-off of unlocked shares: On 31 December 2018, 53% of the company's shares will
be unlocked, including 23% from the founder of Focus Media and 30% from a group of
domestic PE funds that had bought Focus Media's shares before the company's
backdoor listing. If these potential unlocked shares were sold off, it might pose material
pressure on the share price.
Exhibit 6: Forward P/E of four global peers
Source: Bloomberg, Gao Hua Securities Research
Source: Bloomberg, Gao Hua Securities Research
Disclosure Appendix
Reg AC
I, Xufa Liao, CFA, hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views about the subject company or
companies and its or their securities. I also certify that no part of my compensation was, is or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific
recommendations or views expressed in this report.
GS Factor Profile
The Goldman Sachs Factor Profile provides investment context for a stock by comparing key attributes to the market (i.e. our coverage universe) and its
sector peers. The four key attributes depicted are: Growth, Financial Returns, Multiple (e.g. valuation) and Integrated (a composite of Growth, Financial
Returns and Multiple). Growth, Financial Returns and Multiple are calculated by using normalized ranks for specific metrics for each stock. The
normalized ranks for the metrics are then averaged and converted into percentiles for the relevant attribute. The precise calculation of each metric may
vary depending on the fiscal year, industry and region, but the standard approach is as follows:
Growth is based on a stock's forward-looking sales growth, EBITDA growth and EPS growth (for financial stocks, only EPS and sales growth), with a
higher percentile indicating a higher growth company. Financial Returns is based on a stock's forward-looking ROE, ROCE and CROCI (for financial
stocks, only ROE), with a higher percentile indicating a company with higher financial returns. Multiple is based on a stock's forward-looking P/E, P/B,
price/dividend (P/D), EV/EBITDA, EV/FCF and EV/Debt Adjusted Cash Flow (DACF) (for financial stocks, only P/E, P/B and P/D), with a higher percentile
indicating a stock trading at a higher multiple. The Integrated percentile is calculated as the average of the Growth percentile, Financial Returns
percentile and (100% - Multiple percentile).
Financial Returns and Multiple use the Goldman Sachs analyst forecasts at the fiscal year-end at least three guarters in the future. Growth uses inputs
for the fiscal year at least seven quarters in the future compared with the year at least three quarters in the future (on a per-share basis for all metrics).
For a more detailed description of how we calculate the GS Factor Profile, please contact your GS representative.
M&A Rank
Across our global coverage, we examine stocks using an M&A framework, considering both qualitative factors and quantitative factors (which may vary
across sectors and regions) to incorporate the potential that certain companies could be acquired. We then assign a M&A rank as a means of scoring
representing medium (15%-30%) probability and 3 representing low (0%-15%) probability. For companies ranked 1 or 2, in line with our standard
departmental guidelines we incorporate an M&A component into our target price. M&A rank of 3 is considered immaterial and therefore does not
factor into our price target, and may or may not be discussed in research.
Quantum
Quantum is Goldman Sachs' proprietary database providing access to detailed financial statement histories, forecasts and ratios. It can be used for
in-depth analysis of a single company, or to make comparisons between companies in different sectors and markets.
GS SUSTAIN
GS SUSTAIN is a global investment strategy focused on the generation of long-term alpha through identifying high quality industry leaders. The GS
SUSTAIN 50 list includes leaders we believe to be well positioned to deliver long-term outperformance through superior returns on capital, sustainable
competitive advantage and effective management of ESG risks vs. global industry peers. Candidates are selected largely on a combination of
quantifiable analysis of these three aspects of corporate performance.
Disclosures
Coverage group(s) of stocks by primary analyst(s)
Xufa Liao, CFA: A-share Food & Beverage, A-share Media.
A-share Food & Beverage: Anhui Gujing Distillery Co., Jiangsu King's Luck Brewery, Jiangsu Yanghe, Kweichow Moutai, Luzhou Laojiao, Qinghai Huzhu
Barley Wine Co., Shanxi Xinghuacun Fen Wine, Sichuan Swellfun Co., Tsingtao Brewery (A), Wuliangye Yibin.
A-share Media: Alpha Group, Beijing Enlight Media Co., Beijing Gehua CATV, Beijing Hualubaina Film & TV Co., BlueFocus Communication, China South
Publishing & Media, Focus Media Information Tech, Guangdong Advertising, Huayi Brothers Media, IMAX China Holding, Jiangsu Phoenix, Oriental
Pearl, Ourpalm Co., Wanda Film, Zhejiang Huace Film & TV.
Company-specific regulatory disclosures
The following disclosures relate to relationships between The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (with its affiliates, “Goldman Sachs”) and companies covered
by the Global Investment Research Division of Goldman Sachs and referred to in this research.
Goldman Sachs has received compensation for investment banking services in the past 12 months: Focus Media Information Tech (Rmb5.61)
Goldman Sachs had an investment banking services client relationship during the past 12 months with: Focus Media Information Tech (Rmb5.61)
Goldman Sachs had a non-securities services client relationship during the past 12 months with: Focus Media Information Tech (Rmb5.61)
Distribution of ratings/investment banking relationships
Goldman Sachs Investment Research global Equity coverage universe
As of October 1, 2018, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research had investment ratings on 2,814 equity securities. Goldman Sachs assigns stocks
as Buys and Sells on various regional Investment Lists; stocks not so assigned are deemed Neutral. Such assignments equate to Buy, Hold and Sell for
the purposes of the above disclosure required by the FINRA Rules. See 'Ratings, Coverage groups and views and related definitions' below. The
Investment Banking Relationships chart reflects the percentage of subject companies within each rating category for whom Goldman Sachs has
provided investment banking services within the previous twelve months.
Price target and rating history chart(s)
The price targets shown should be considered in the context of all prior published Goldman Sachs research, which may or
may not have included price targets, as well as developments relating to the company, its industry and financial markets.
Regulatory disclosures
Disclosures required by United States laws and regulations
See company-specific regulatory disclosures above for any of the following disclosures required as to companies referred to in this report: manager or
co-manager in a pending transaction; 1% or other ownership; compensation for certain services; types of client relationships; managed/co-managed
public offerings in prior periods; directorships; for equity securities, market making and/or specialist role. Goldman Sachs trades or may trade as a
principal in debt securities (or in related derivatives) of issuers discussed in this report.
The following are additional required disclosures: Ownership and material conflicts of interest: Goldman Sachs policy prohibits its analysts,
professionals reporting to analysts and members of their households from owning securities of any company in the analyst's area of coverage.
Analyst compensation: Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Goldman Sachs, which includes investment banking revenues. Analyst
as officer or director: Goldman Sachs policy generally prohibits its analysts, persons reporting to analysts or members of their households from
serving as an officer, director or advisor of any company in the analyst's area of coverage. Non-U.S. Analysts: Non-U.S. analysts may not be
associated persons of Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and therefore may not be subject to FINRA Rule 2241 or FINRA Rule 2242 restrictions on
communications with subject company, public appearances and trading securities held by the analysts.
Distribution of ratings: See the distribution of ratings disclosure above. Price chart: See the price chart, with changes of ratings and price targets in
prior periods, above, or, if electronic format or if with respect to multiple companies which are the subject of this report, on the Goldman Sachs
Additional disclosures required under the laws and requlations of jurisdictions other than the United States
The following disclosures are those required by the jurisdiction indicated, except to the extent already made above pursuant to United States laws and
regulations. Australia: Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd and its affiliates are not authorised deposit-taking institutions (as that term is defined in the
Banking Act 1959 (Cth)) in Australia and do not provide banking services, nor carry on a banking business, in Australia. This research, and any access to
it, is intended only for "wholesale clients" within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. In
producing research reports, members of the Global Investment Research Division of Goldman Sachs Australia may attend site visits and other
meetings hosted by the companies and other entities which are the subject of its research reports. In some instances the costs of such site visits or
meetings may be met in part or in whole by the issuers concerned if Goldman Sachs Australia considers it is appropriate and reasonable in the specific
circumstances relating to the site visit or meeting. To the extent that the contents of this document contains any financial product advice, it is general
advice only and has been prepared by Goldman Sachs without taking into account a client's objectives, financial situation or needs. A client should,
before acting on any such advice, consider the appropriateness of the advice having regard to the client's own objectives, financial situation and needs.
applicable, the Brazil-registered analyst primarily responsible for the content of this research report, as defined in Article 20 of CVM Instruction 598, is
the first author named at the beginning of this report, unless indicated otherwise at the end of the text. Canada: Goldman Sachs Canada Inc. is an
affiliate of The Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and therefore is included in the company specific disclosures relating to Goldman Sachs (as defined above).
Goldman Sachs Canada Inc. has approved of, and agreed to take responsibility for, this research report in Canada if and to the extent that Goldman
Sachs Canada Inc. disseminates this research report to its clients. Hong Kong: Further information on the securities of covered companies referred to
in this research may be obtained on request from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C. India: Further information on the subject company or companies
referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited, Research Analyst - SEBI Registration Number
INH000001493, 951-A, Rational House, Appasaheb Marathe Marg, Prabhadevi, Mumbai 400 025, India, Corporate Identity Number
U74140MH2006FTC160634, Phone +91 22 6616 9000, Fax +91 22 6616 9001. Goldman Sachs may beneficially own 1% or more of the securities (as
such term is defined in clause 2 (h) the Indian Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956) of the subject company or companies referred to in this
research report. Japan: See below. Korea: This research, and any access to it, is intended only for "professional investors" within the meaning of the
Financial Services and Capital Markets Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. Further information on the subject company or companies
referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch. New Zealand: Goldman Sachs New Zealand Limited and
its affiliates are neither "registered banks" nor "deposit takers" (as defined in the Reserve Bank of New Zealand Act 1989) in New Zealand. This
research, and any access to it, is intended for "wholesale clients" (as defined in the Financial Advisers Act 2008) unless otherwise agreed by Goldman
Sachs. Russia: Research reports distributed in the Russian Federation are not advertising as defined in the Russian legislation, but are information and
analysis not having product promotion as their main purpose and do not provide appraisal within the meaning of the Russian legislation on appraisal
activity. Singapore: Further information on the covered companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte.
(Company Number: 198602165W). Taiwan: This material is for reference only and must not be reprinted without permission. Investors should
carefully consider their own investment risk. Investment results are the responsibility of the individual investor. United Kingdom: Persons who would
be categorized as retail clients in the United Kingdom, as such term is defined in the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority, should read this research
in conjunction with prior Goldman Sachs research on the covered companies referred to herein and should refer to the risk warnings that have been
sent to them by Goldman Sachs International. A copy of these risks warnings, and a glossary of certain financial terms used in this report, are available
from Goldman Sachs International on request.
European Union: Disclosure information in relation to Article 6 (2) of the European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) (2016/958) supplementing
Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard to regulatory technical standards for the technical
arrangements for objective presentation of investment recommendations or other information recommending or suggesting an investment strategy
states the European Policy for Managing Conflicts of Interest in Connection with Investment Research.
Japan: Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. is a Financial Instrument Dealer registered with the Kanto Financial Bureau under registration number Kinsho
69, and a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan and Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association.
Sales and purchase of equities are subject to commission pre-determined with clients plus consumption tax. See company-specific disclosures as to
any applicable disclosures required by Japanese stock exchanges, the Japanese Securities Dealers Association or the Japanese Securities Finance
Company.
Ratings, coverage groups and views and related definitions
Buy (B), Neutral (N), Sell (S) - Analysts recommend stocks as Buys or Sells for inclusion on various regional Investment Lists. Being assigned a Buy or
Sell on an Investment List is determined by a stock's total return potential relative to its coverage. Any stock not assigned as a Buy or a Sell on an
Investment List with an active rating (i.e., a stock that is not Rating Suspended, Not Rated, Coverage Suspended or Not Covered), is deemed Neutral.
Each regional Investment Review Committee manages various regional Investment Lists to a global guideline of 25%-35% of stocks as Buy and
10%-15% of stocks as Sell; however, the distribution of Buys and Sells in any particular analyst's coverage group may vary as determined by the
regional Investment Review Committee. Additionally, each Investment Review Committee manages Regional Conviction lists, which represent
investment recommendations focused on the size of the total return potential and/or the likelihood of the realization of the return across their
respective areas of coverage. The addition or removal of stocks from such Conviction lists do not represent a change in the analysts' investment rating
for such stocks.
Total return potential represents the upside or downside differential between the current share price and the price target, including all paid or
anticipated dividends, expected during the time horizon associated with the price target. Price targets are required for all covered stocks. The total
return potential, price target and associated time horizon are stated in each report adding or reiterating an Investment List membership.
Coverage groups and views: A list of all stocks in each coverage group is available by primary analyst, stock and coverage group at
months is favorable relative to the coverage group's historical fundamentals and/or valuation. Neutral (N). The investment outlook over the following
12 months is neutral relative to the coverage group's historical fundamentals and/or valuation. Cautious (C). The investment outlook over the following
12 months is unfavorable relative to the coverage group's historical fundamentals and/or valuation.
Not Rated (NR). The investment rating and target price have been removed pursuant to Goldman Sachs policy when Goldman Sachs is acting in an
advisory capacity in a merger or strategic transaction involving this company and in certain other circumstances. Rating Suspended (RS). Goldman
Sachs Research has suspended the investment rating and price target for this stock, because there is not a sufficient fundamental basis for
determining, or there are legal, regulatory or policy constraints around publishing, an investment rating or target. The previous investment rating and
price target, if any, are no longer in effect for this stock and should not be relied upon. Coverage Suspended (CS). Goldman Sachs has suspended
coverage of this company. Not Covered (NC). Goldman Sachs does not cover this company. Not Available or Not Applicable (NA). The information
is not available for display or is not applicable. Not Meaningful (NM). The information is not meaningful and is therefore excluded.
Global product; distributing entities
The Global Investment Research Division of Goldman Sachs produces and distributes research products for clients of Goldman Sachs on a global basis.
Analysts based in Goldman Sachs offices around the world produce equity research on industries and companies, and research on macroeconomics,
currencies, commodities and portfolio strategy. This research is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 21 006 797 897); in
Brazil by Goldman Sachs do Brasil Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A.; Ombudsman Goldman Sachs Brazil: 0800 727 5764 and / or
Sachs Canada Inc. or Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.; in India by Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private
Ltd.; in Japan by Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.; in the Republic of Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch; in New Zealand by Goldman
Sachs New Zealand Limited; in Russia by OOO Goldman Sachs; in Singapore by Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W);
and in the United States of America by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. Goldman Sachs International has approved this research in connection with its
distribution in the United Kingdom and European Union.
European Union: Goldman Sachs International authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and
the Prudential Regulation Authority, has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the European Union and United Kingdom; Goldman
Sachs AG and Goldman Sachs International Zweigniederlassung Frankfurt, regulated by the Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, may also
distribute research in Germany.
General disclosures
This research is for our clients only. Other than disclosures relating to Goldman Sachs, this research is based on current public information that we
consider reliable, but we do not represent it is accurate or complete, and it should not be relied on as such. The information, opinions, estimates and
forecasts contained herein are as of the date hereof and are subject to change without prior notification. We seek to update our research as
appropriate, but various regulations may prevent us from doing so. Other than certain industry reports published on a periodic basis, the large majority
of reports are published at irregular intervals as appropriate in the analyst's judgment.
Goldman Sachs conducts a global full-service, integrated investment banking, investment management, and brokerage business. We have investment
banking and other business relationships with a substantial percentage of the companies covered by our Global Investment Research Division.
Our salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients and principal
trading desks that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed in this research. Our asset management area, principal trading desks and
investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views expressed in this research.
The analysts named in this report may have from time to time discussed with our clients, including Goldman Sachs salespersons and traders, or may
discuss in this report, trading strategies that reference catalysts or events that may have a near-term impact on the market price of the equity securities
discussed in this report, which impact may be directionally counter to the analyst's published price target expectations for such stocks. Any such
trading strategies are distinct from and do not affect the analyst's fundamental equity rating for such stocks, which rating reflects a stock's return
potential relative to its coverage group as described herein.
We and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees, excluding equity and credit analysts, will from time to time have long or short positions in, act
as principal in, and buy or sell, the securities or derivatives, if any, referred to in this research.
The views attributed to third party presenters at Goldman Sachs arranged conferences, including individuals from other parts of Goldman Sachs, do not
necessarily reflect those of Global Investment Research and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs.
Any third party referenced herein, including any salespeople, traders and other professionals or members of their household, may have positions in the
products mentioned that are inconsistent with the views expressed by analysts named in this report.
This research is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be
illegal. It does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of
individual clients. Clients should consider whether any advice or recommendation in this research is suitable for their particular circumstances and, if
appropriate, seek professional advice, including tax advice. The price and value of investments referred to in this research and the income from them
may fluctuate. Past performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur.
Fluctuations in exchange rates could have adverse effects on the value or price of, or income derived from, certain investments.
Certain transactions, including those involving futures, options, and other derivatives, give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors.
Investors should review current options disclosure documents which are available from Goldman Sachs sales representatives or at
sales of options such as spreads. Supporting documentation will be supplied upon request.
Differing Levels of Service provided by Global Investment Research: The level and types of services provided to you by the Global Investment
Research division of GS may vary as compared to that provided to internal and other external clients of GS, depending on various factors including your
individual preferences as to the frequency and manner of receiving communication, your risk profile and investment focus and perspective (e.g.,
marketwide, sector specific, long term, short term), the size and scope of your overall client relationship with GS, and legal and regulatory constraints.
As an example, certain clients may request to receive notifications when research on specific securities is published, and certain clients may request
that specific data underlying analysts' fundamental analysis available on our internal client websites be delivered to them electronically through data
feeds or otherwise. No change to an analyst’s fundamental research views (e.g., ratings, price targets, or material changes to earnings estimates for
equity securities), will be communicated to any client prior to inclusion of such information in a research report broadly disseminated through electronic
publication to our internal client websites or through other means, as necessary, to all clients who are entitled to receive such reports.
All research reports are disseminated and available to all clients simultaneously through electronic publication to our internal client websites. Not all
research content is redistributed to our clients or available to third-party aggregators, nor is Goldman Sachs responsible for the redistribution of our
research by third party aggregators. For research, models or other data related to one or more securities, markets or asset classes (including related
© 2018 Goldman Sachs.
No part of this material may be (i) copied, photocopied or duplicated in any form by any means or (ii) redistributed without the prior written
consent of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.