High profit growth, fast retail transformation, three quarterly reviews by the Bank of Peace, the company ' s net return profit in the first three quarters increased by 15.47 per cent over the same period, and the rate of increase was as expected.
Growth, Roe digests the spread effect of debt-to-equity swaps. The weighted roe 12.64% for the previous three quarters was equal to the increase, the accumulated interest differentials were flat, the one-season differentials were down, and the cost of the interest-bearing liability was stable \triangleright
The rate of return on interest-bearing assets drops by 10 bp a season with faster increases and downs in loan prices. The end of the liability is bright, the cost of interest-bearing liabilities is largely stable, and companies use low-cost inter-operative liabilities to replace high-cost time deposits.
>Satisfactory rate and increased risk resilience strengthens the identification and consolidation of non-performing loans. Non-performing loans deviate by 87%, a significant decrease of 7 pct compared to the end of the previous season.
The card ' s bad-rate ring ratio dropped by 2bp to 1.35% and finally fell from the top. > There are more retail endpoints, aum ' s growth keeps up at aum ' s high speed, aum ' s growth begins to shift gradually into the sedimentation of call deposits, and retail deposit structures are improving.
The average daily rate of increase in sales was 29.24 per cent per day, with the average daily rate of increase in retail demand rising by 17.37 per cent per day, and the rate of re-creation rising by up to 42.58 per cent per day at the end of q3, with the rate of increase maintained for three consecutive quarters, continuing its advantage over comparable counterparts.
Take a look at the effects of a deeper transformation of the company’s retail business. The forecast is that the net return profit will be split between 2019 and 2021, with retail lending driving performance and a net interest spread ring better than the mid-18 performance point of the Bank of Peace (000001).
Review: Retail loans are growing at a sharp rate, asset quality risks Concerned about changes in credit risk, downward pressure on net interest differentials Summary of company financial statement data projections
The analysis logic is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeking to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.