Peace Bank (000001): Retail transition - Peace Bank's three-quarters review of 2019.
On October 21, the Bank announced 3q19: 23.620 billion dollars in net return profits, and the banks were both lightened. Integrated finance was the company’s specialty.
The company relies on a large individual customer base, strong brand influence, extensive distribution networks and a well-developed combination of core-level capital adequacy of 9.75 per cent.
The financial product system provides a strong core for the overall retail transformation and the creation of leading intelligent retail banks, relying on group clients, ecological, technological advantages.
The usefulness of the channel flow is highlighted; the group's five eco-circles are effective in mobilizing retail banking and helping to raise the number of customers.
Retail operations have broken out further, and private sector operations have expanded rapidly. With a two-year retail transformation strategy firmly advanced, retail operations have become more effective and consolidated; 3q19 retail loans have increased to 61.1 per cent; zero sales aum 1.87 trillion, an increase of 32.1 per cent compared to the end of the previous year, with private sector operations expanding rapidly in 19 years.
At the end of September, 40.9 million private sector clients, 36.2% more than at the end of the previous year, alum, or 46.2% more than at the beginning of the year, remained in large potential for future growth. By doing a light job, business synergies will effectively reduce costs.
Risk clients, with a focus on the development of light assets and light capital for public business. In the future, there will be further consolidation of resources within and outside the group, making use of a combination of financial advantages and reducing the cost of liabilities. ▪ Financial analysis: (1) Net profit increases at the rate expected.
The rate of return is 20bp on the same line; the rate of cost of deposit is 6bp on the same line. (3) The negative round ratio is equal. 2bp to 1.07% for retail and 2bp to 1.37% for credit cards.
At a time when the effects of the retail transformation have been further consolidated, companies continue to be active in basic retailing, private sector and wealth management, and consumer finance, while maintaining prudential risk control. Companies are expected to maintain a high level of interest differentials among their counterparts.
The net profit increase was as expected. The net profit increase of 3019 was 15.5 per cent over the year, which is closer to the actual income level by 19 per cent, and the increase was as expected. The increase of 20bp over the year was mainly the result of retail transitions and the optimization of the loan structure.
By the end of September, the credit card/new loan/mortgage rate was 1.35 per 1.12 per cent/0.73 per cent (at the end of June, the source of financial prosperity in the East, respectively, figure 5: retail loans rose to 61 per cent at the end of September).
East Hing Securities Corporation reports Peace Bank (00001): Retail transition continues to be effective and uneven.
Schedule: Corporate Profit Forecast Tables Source of Eastern Finance and Surgery
Research assistant profile
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities Company reports Peace Bank (000001): Retail transition continues to be effective, uneven, without any assurance of the accuracy and completeness of this information, or that the information and advice it contains will not occur.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.