Building on Group resources and the advantages of financial science and technology, the success of the retail transition has been remarkable, with a rapid increase in the size of the aum. At the same time, poor stock loads have been reduced, basics improved, and performance has continued to improve.
The first three quarters of the Bank of Peace had a narrow profit margin, but once the capital replenishment had been completed, the company’s assets had expanded and interest had been collected.
The rate of growth increased by almost 5 percentage points to 21.5% over the first half of the year; the company’s fees increased at the same rate in the first three quarters as in the previous three quarters. The interest gap ring was narrow, and attention was paid to changes in asset-end pricing.
The decline of 9bp to 2.62% in the second quarter was mainly caused by the downside of the asset end-of-end rate of return, while the end-of-the-life of the liability slowed down. At the end of the asset, corporate lending in the third quarter accelerated, with the ring increasing over the second quarter. At the end of the debt, improved retail deposit performance contributed to lower retail deposit cost in the third quarter than in the second quarter.
Between 11bp and 2.58%, the continuous easing of the burden of co-dependency costs, three-quarter end-of-the-debt cost, which we measure is 2.24% per annum for companies in the third quarter, and 25bp above the ring, which is maintained at a higher level. The forward-looking indicators of corporate asset quality have improved, with three-quarter interest-group lending taking place.
7 percentage points to 87 per cent below the end of the 2nd season, further tightening of the negative perception; provision of coverage ring, Silver S. S. S. S. S.
The downside of the economy leads to a higher than expected deterioration in the quality of assets.
Matters: The Bank of Peace published the three-quarters report for 2019, with net profits in the first three quarters of 2019 equal to 15.5%. Total assets of 3.71 trillion yuan (+10.6%, yoy/+3.26%, qoq). Of this amount, loans + 11.9% yoy/+3.21% qoq; deposits + 8.39% yoy/-2.27% qq. Net interest income increased and fees revenue improved.
Up 0.3 percentage points, and the performance of the company ' s main business, which led to an increase in revenue by 0.3 percentage points to 18.8 per cent in the first half of the year compared to the same period, show that, despite the narrow interest spread of the company over the last three quarters, it was possible to transfer the debt to complete capital replenishment and to expand the company ' s assets at a faster rate of increase in net interest income by almost 5 percentage points to 21.5 per cent in the first half of the year; at the same time, the company ' s revenue from fees improved, adding up to last year ' s same rate.
Recovery of operating income was an important factor in the increase in revenue from fees over the three-quarter period. The interest gap ring was narrow, and attention was paid to changes in asset-end pricing trends. The three-quarter net interest gap ring of the Peace Bank decreased by 9bp to 2.62 per cent over the two-quarter period, mainly owing to the downside of the asset-end rate of return and the cost of the liabilities.
The improvement has slowed down. At the end of the quarter, the company ' s three-quarter lending has accelerated, its size has increased by 3.21 per cent over the two-quarter period, its share of total assets has decreased by 2.2 per cent from the general credit ring after the two-quarter discount period, and against the background of the lpr roll-out and corporate risk preference, the three-quarter single quarter has been downgraded by 27bp, 21bp to 7.72 per cent, respectively, and the returns on corporate loans have fallen by 27bp, 21bp to 4.67 per cent over the two-quarter period.
In the context of single-business-led clearing deposit growth, an increase of 2.1 per cent in the average daily balance ratio of individual current deposits was observed in retail deposits performance, resulting in a lower cost of retail deposits in the three quarters than in the two quarters, a continuous easing of the burden of costs on the overlaying of corporate liabilities, and a 3-quarter end-of-service cost of 2 bp to 2.62 per cent compared with the two quarters, but a slower improvement than in the two quarters (6bp).
Bad recognition has increased, and the level of provision has been raised, and the rate of non-performing loans in the Bank of Peace for the third quarter has been equal to 1.68% over the second quarter. Of this, retail loans have dropped by 2 bp to 1.07% over the second quarter, while the increase in the public ring is 6 bp to 2.57%, which is expected to be affected by the acceleration of bad recognition and the downward pressure on the economy.
The three-quarters single-season unsound annual rate of production is 2.24%, and the ring is still at a high level at 25bp above. The corporate asset quality forward-looking indicator has improved, with loans of concern ranging from 9bp to 2.39% below the three-quarters, with the lag rate equal to 2.34%. We believe that public retail aum is growing rapidly and the transformation is deepening to be expected.
In the context of the Group ' s integrated financial platform and its strong strategic implementation, the Bank of Peace has been increasing its asset-end retail investment. Retailing aum at the end of the three seasons amounted to $1.87 trillion, an increase of 32.1 per cent compared to the end of the previous year; private sector clients aum at $669.4 billion, an increase of 46.2 per cent compared to the end of the previous year, were retail customers as an important cornerstone of the retail transition, compared to other banks, and we believe that the retail transformation of the Bank of Peace is a transition.
The benefits of safe retailing and asset-side placement have been shown, and the future retail transformation is expected to deepen. Bank Peace relies on the Group’s resources, as well as on the advantages of financial science and technology, the obvious benefits of retail transformation, and the rapid increase in the size of the aum.
The company’s 2019 strategy of “finishing the public” was expected to create synergies with the integrated financial platform of the group. Our upward adjustment of the bank’s net profit growth rate, the economy’s downside, has led to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected. As a pro-cyclical industry, the banks are highly relevant to corporate business development and economic development.
Economic development affects the operation of the real economy as well as the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector. If the economy falls short of expectations, there is a risk that the quality of the bank’s assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the bank’s profitability.