The three-quarterly review of the performance was largely in line with expectations, with strong income-side growth. The Peace Bank issued three-quarter reports, generating $103 billion in the first three quarters of 2019, while yoy increased by 18.8 per cent.
A net gain of 23.6 billion, 15.5% for yoy, of which 3q single-season net gain of $8.2 billion, or 16.0% for yoy, was largely in line with our expectations. The company recorded 12.6% of its annual roe, which remained almost the same as the same period last year.
We see the power of companies in retailing, financial technology, and the driving force of customers in the context of the Peace Group. On the whole, we maintain the “buy-in” report, which generated $103 billion in the first three quarters of 2019, while yoy increased by 18.8%, resulting in a net gain of $23.6 billion.
Youy increased by 15.5 per cent, of which 3q single-season net gains of $8.2 billion and yoy increased by 16.0 per cent, and the performance was largely in line with my break-down of the 30 net-interest growth contribution: we split the factors affecting the performance of the Bank: the net revenue from interest was the main contribution, followed by the net revenue from fees, and each contributed a net gain.
Increases 78 pct, 52 pct. Net returns on investment, provision, overheads and taxes contribute to the negative share by reducing net gains by 48 pct, 35 pct, 24 pct and 5 pct. Income-side growth is strong: at the end of the income side, the net interest income of yoy increased by 21.5% to 21.5% in the previous three quarters.
In the case of non-interest income, charges and commissions to yoy increased by 17.4% to 27.8 billion. In terms of single-season performance, 3q2019 net interest income to yoy increased by 32.3% to 22.6 billion, with a difference of 2.62%.
In terms of interest-free income, charges and commissions have increased by 63.7% to 9.4 billion, and we estimate that fees such as agency and commission, bank cards, etc.
Against the background of high pressure on deposit competition, the Bank of Peace has made a larger contribution to the debt burden of 3q. In terms of the average daily balance disclosed by the company, the liability of the partner (including the reconciliation statement) has fallen to 68.1%, and the adjustment of the end-of-the-debt structure has resulted in a corresponding reduction in costs. (Cost of interest-paying liabilities)
The quality of the assets has remained stable, and the provision has been more generous: as far as asset quality is concerned, the fact that 3q2019 did not raise the 3pc is largely due to the fact that the company is still maintaining a high level of provision at 3q.
The expected remuneration (expected return; er) is given as follows: Figure: The contribution of the various branches of the Bank of Peace to net profit growth (%)
Figure: Peace bank net interest differentials (%, 1q-3q net interest spread this year is annualized on a single season) Figure: Peace bank failure rate and provision coverage (%) This report was prepared by Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. were not designed by ... individual clients. This report cannot be duplicated or reissued or distributed.
The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and their subsidiaries may use it before receiving it, or on the basis of information or research, may take any action. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not take any action with regard to the use of this report.
The information and opinion on the content of the report may or may not be changed before the notice is given. A group of coupons (Hong Kong) and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may be able to testify against the description in the report; @ by holding an opinion or standing, or by buying, selling or offering the certificate described in the report. A group of coupons (Hong Kong) and its subsidiaries and associated companies may buy the certificate described in the report on their behalf, or on their behalf; @. This report is not used as a means of selling or facilitating the transaction of the certificate referred to in the report.
23 October 2019