Net profits maintained high growth, asset quality stabilized, risk offsets (first) Peace Bank (00001) tri-quarter 2019
Net profits have remained high. In the first three quarters of 2019: corporate collections, pops, parent returns and Leelong Sea + 0.3 pct, +0.07 pct, +0.3 pct, and net returns and returns have been growing at a double-digit high.
The size of interest-bearing assets, the net difference in interest-bearing assets, makes a major positive contribution to performance and increases marginality. In the first three quarters of 2019: the size of interest-producing assets, the net difference in interest, and the positive contribution of operating expenditures to net profits, in which interest-bearing assets are the main positive contribution; non-interest income, the provision for negative contributions;
Average interest-bearing asset size, net difference positive contribution compared to the first half of the year, reduced allowance negative contribution compared to the first half of the year and marginal improvement in net profit contribution from the three above; positive contribution of non-interest income from the first half of the year to negative contribution from the first three quarters, positive contribution of operating expenditure savings
The marginal contribution of the two above-mentioned two to net profits is reduced by half a year. Third quarter of 2019, single season: net corporate interest income ring ratio - 1 per cent, driven mainly by narrow net interest differentials, yield ring ratio down 0.1 pct, while interest-bearing liability cost ratio is only 0.02 pc; and interest-producing capital
The decline in the yield ratio was mainly influenced by the downwards of the public and individual loan rate of return ratio, with the result that the weighted cost-rate rounder - 0.03 pct, while the bond-share ratio remained the same and the cost-rate rounder fell, so the bond-weighted cost-rate roundup - 0.02 pct, which combined the two factors leading to the end-of-the-debt cost ratio
Decline; three-quarter single-quarter increase in corporate savings + 0.06 ptt, which may lead to a reduction in the spread of public lending. The first three quarters of 2019: non-interest income of companies increased by 14% over the same period, at a faster rate than the first half of the year - 8 ptt,
The increase in fees, his non-interest income by 17 per cent and 5 per cent, respectively, compared with the first half of the year, was attributed to interest income, resulting in a lower base and an increase in intermediate income, such as sales, settlements, investment operations, etc.; other non-interest income by far decreased significantly in the third quarter of last year.
By implementing the new accounting standards, some of the transactional income was transferred from interest income to investment income, resulting in a higher base last year. Assets were of a smooth quality, assets were identified strictly, and risk offset capacity increased. 2019: at the end of the third quarter,
The negative rate is 1.68% with a flat ring ratio; the negative net rate of production (single-quarter annualization) has increased at the core level capital adequacy rate in the first quarter of the third quarter. Companies can transfer $26 billion to complete equity transfer, core level capital adequacy at 9.75% at the end of the third quarter of 2019, ring increase by 0.86 pct, and corporate asset investment capacity.
Investment recommendations: Net corporate profits maintained double-digit growth in the first three quarters of 2019, asset quality stabilized, adverse asset recognition tightened, risk offset capacity increased, capital adequacy at the core level increased, investment capacity increased, and corporate performance maintained momentum.
Ecology and integrated financial advantages are expected to be successfully transformed into high-quality retail banks. Companies are projected to have a deep 300 index of the “market index” reference for this rating system.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.