Insurance and investment end is short-term pressure, but total people's insurancegroup ofchina
Ripping: outperform • [incidents] Chinese Quarterly 2023: 1) Net return profit of $20.5 billion in the first three quarters.
The firm’s net profit fell short-term as a result of pressure on both the insurer and the investor. The company’s net profit fell mainly because, on the one hand, it was affected by disasters such as the recovery of vehicles and typhoons, and, on the other hand, by the implementation of new financial workers.
In addition to the greater impact of capital market volatility, some of the value of financial assets fluctuated during the current period in the form of public production insurance: a single-season deficit of $700 million, the main cause of the disaster and the recovery of vehicles. 1) Net yield insurance in the first three quarters was $19.4 billion, or 26.2 per cent; q3 net profits in the first quarter were $150 million, or -98.1 per cent).
Among these, the combined cost rate of vehicle insurance is +2.3 pct to 97.4 per cent and the non-car insurance ratio +0.6 pct to 98.6 per cent.
Focusing on high-quality development and actively promoting a strategy of excellence, the net profit for the first three quarters was $1.80 billion. The first annual premium for long insurance was +17.4 per cent, of which the first fee was +1.9 per cent, the first year was +43.7 per cent; the first year of q3 long insurance was undisclosed; the first year of undisclosed group investment was $16.1 billion in the first three quarters; and the total unannualized investment income for the first three quarters was $16.1 billion.
The rate of gain was 2.7 per cent (compared to 3.5 per cent in the previous year). In the structure of investment returns: 1 capital market volatility led to a significant decrease in the gain/loss on the fair value of the assets in the Fvtpl category; 2 segments of joint ventures and joint ventures (expected to be primarily human health) were expected to improve their performance and to implement accounting standards for the benefit of associated enterprises and for the benefit of accounting standards.
• Take a good look at the competitive advantages of corporate financial operations and maintain a “better than the big market” rating.
The competitive advantage of space is much higher than that of small and medium-sized risk companies, and will become more pronounced in the second half of the overall change in car insurance. The China People’s Security Unit now values a share of 2023epev0.68 times and pb0.87 times. We value the China People’s Security branch: 1.3 xpb for personal insurance, 0.55 xpev for life insurance, and 0.85 xpb for other operations.