High performance, improved net liability rate, and development of two wings in partnership with the main industry
Growth of 21.29 per cent; net return of $27.96 billion, an increase of 47.90 per cent over the same period; high-quality growth in the performance of basic shares, with sustained release of life expectancy The increase in net return of companies in 2019 was higher than the recovery due to: (1) the carrying-over of project prices during the reporting period
Business income in 2019 was about 1.4 times higher, and performance was continuously renewable.  sales have steadily increased, and urban deep-farming has had a remarkable effect.
Wang Hongjia, with 77% of core urban sales, and hundreds of billions of dollars in sales contracts for the Pearl Triangle and the Long Triangle. Single cities sign over 10 billion cities, with a combined sales value of $250 billion and a sales contribution of 54%.
Out of the 11 cities in the country, sales are ranked first in the country, and 25 are in the top three. Of these, sales in Guangzhou exceed $42 billion, in Foshan, Wuhan, Beijing over $30 billion, in Fuzhou, Xian, Sanya, etc., are among the first 10 billion yuan worth of sales, and the core cities are heavily cultivated.
During the reporting period, there were 127 company outreach projects corresponding to 26.8 million square metres of additional earth reserves, representing 86 per cent of the area sold during the same period, a 14 per cent decrease in the same period; the corresponding land price was $155.5 billion, representing the same period.
In the West Side, there was a change in the mid-field of 28 West Rixie Street, where the rhythm of the land was flexiblely adjusted through industrial cooperation, old conversions, acquisitions, etc. The average floor price of the new earth reserve during the reporting period was $5802 per square metre, a decrease of 6 percentage points compared to the previous year, representing sales over the same period.
In line with its urban deep-farming strategy, 38 nuclear cities grew by 79%.
Fukuda, Fukuda, Fukuda, Fukuda, Fukuda, Fukuda, Fukuda, Fukuda. Development projects. 7%, 36% and 58%, respectively. Long Triangle, Pearl Triangle combined, 50%. Land investment (monthly announcement summary), first line, second line, second line.
China's (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment has become an urban highland concourse of 10,000 square metres, with 8.12 million square metres to be developed, of which 38 core cities account for 58 percent of the land.
Long triangles account for 9% of the land reserve layout, 39% of the bead triangle, 21% of the centre, 6%, Kyoto 10%, Heixi 3%, and other regions 12%. Project resources are abundant and well configured, net debt ratios are reduced, debt structures are optimized and sales return rates continue to rise.
8bp. The debt structure is further optimized. The company received sufficient letters of credit from the major financial institutions. At the end of the reporting period, the company ' s bank loans totalled $51.7 billion, leaving an unused balance of $269 billion.
During the reporting period, the Pavli industry was successfully listed on the Hong Kong Federation Board, raising $5.382 billion in m2 and more than 1,000 property management projects. During the reporting period, operating revenues were realized in the amount of $5.967 billion.
In 2019, the Pavli industry ranked fourth among the top 100 companies in China’s real-estate services, and first among the leading companies in corporate governance. As the real-estate market transitions from incremental to stock, the Pavli industry is expected to become a new growth point in corporate performance, along with its partner in real-estate development.
The platform and the rich China have continued to promote integration, enhance market-based expansion, and market agents cover more than 200 cities across the country. There are nearly 2,000 agency projects, and market competitiveness continues to improve. Business management boards cover 2.68 million square metres, of which shopping centres cover 1.53 million square metres and hotels are managed.
In real-estate finance, companies manage funds on a scale of nearly 120 billion yuan, of which ISFs are repeatedly rated as “China Real Estate Fund 10”. The multi-purpose resonance support platform for real-estate eco-development has accelerated.
The net liability rate and financing costs are low in the industry. The Pavli industry is listed independently, as a single two-wing business layout, which affects sales and non-completion, among other things.
The company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) is used by its customers. The company is not treated as a client by the recipient of the report, and has no direct business agreement with it.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and published, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The opinions, assessments, and projections contained in the report are the only points of view and judgement that are available on the date of issuance of this report, and are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate.
The company is not obliged to update the information contained in this report to all recipients. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice, and the investors should follow up with the relevant updates or modifications.
The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only, not as an invitation or guarantee for the purchase or sale of securities or the subject matter of their investments. The views, recommendations, etc. do not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be obtained from the report, and consult with any professional financial consultant in the financial, tax and other fields. The company ' s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not predict the accuracy of this report and this document.
The company and the author shall not bear all the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.