In the real estate sector, the contests of Bien Gui Park, Vanko, and the top of the Heung list have earned the public eye, but the four or five contests of creation and Pauly have also been the focus of attention. Sales have risen from $360 billion in 2017 to rank among the top.
After top4, each year, it's been smooth. In 2019, it was the most intense year of competition with Paulie, and in the first half of the year, Paulie's sales were many times ahead, but in the second half of the year, the gap between the two sides grew again. In 2020, it was the fourth year of sales in January-March, and it was the fifth year.
The growth in the size of housing has two essential factors: investment and finance. Investment leads to an increase in land reserves and finance brings in capital flows to the company, so the advantages of financing and Paulie are analysed from both angles.
In the first five years, if you want to stay in the first five years, you can see that Paulie or save the hope of returning to the first four years. In 2003, it was established in Hong Kong, where it was listed in 2010. After years of development, it has now become a leading house in the industry. In 2019, the company achieved $556.21 billion in sales, an increase of 20.7 per cent.
In terms of sales volume and area, the share of the market was 3.5% and 2.2%, respectively, while Paulie was a permanent green tree in the real-estate industry, with the market occupying the highest position from the start-up to the growth of a business. But since 2016, when sales were outpaced by greenfields, it remained in Top5, and since then it was counterproductive to stay in Top4.
In 2019, the company achieved 461.8 billion yuan in sales, an increase of 14.1%, but the difference between the volume of sales and the amount of sales is again widening. Taken together, before 2018, the largest black horse in the real estate industry was made, with sales rising jumps, and since 2017, it has been in fourth place in the industry; and, as an old house company, Paulie, after falling to the fifth place in 2016.
But at the 2020 housing industry performance meeting, the idea of creating a sales vision that would be “just the top five of the industry” was that Paulie might still have hope for the top four. Second, it would have been a combination of innovation and protection, mergers and acquisitions, and financial advantage.
In the housing enterprise development process, money and land are two of the most important resources for housing development, and low-performing capital use and sufficient profit space for land represent, for businesses, a high rate of growth in future performance. Next, we will fully analyse the respective advantages of inclusion and preservation from both the investment and financing perspectives.
1. Investment: Incentive hands-on M & A advantages, Poli is more pro-cyclical. Incentives and Pali are focused on two-line and three-line cities, with ample land reserves, but the way in which they acquire land is very different, relying more on M & As to increase land reserves, and Paulido is acquiring land on the open market.
(1) Creativity: 60% of the value is derived from M & As, which is a powerful tool for the sustainable development of the company. The total amount of land reserves can cover the company’s consumption over the next five to six years, and the size of the land that has been melted is certainly very large compared to the current stock ratio of most housing companies for the two to three years.
Of that total, 50% came from mergers and acquisitions, 27% from the open market, and 23% from old conversions. According to total land reserves, more than 83% of the company ' s value was in second-line cities, and more than 60% was acquired through mergers and acquisitions. In 2019, the average cost of cutting land was $4,306 per square metre, compared with the average price of sales in 2019, which was $145,528.
The proportion of square rice is 0.3. In comparison with other large and medium-sized housing companies, the housing price of the land that is heavily acquired through M&As is relatively low, and where the average price of sales is close, the advantage of owning land is created.
The landmarks of the land, especially the M&As, have become a powerful tool for its territory. We believe that, despite the relatively low cost of the land or project for which the merger was taken, there are risks that are mostly hidden and difficult to detect in the short term. But, as a blend of experience in the industry, it is rare to step on mines.
After more than two years of purchasing the Vandavran asset packs, a number of projects have entered the marketing and even settlement chain, which, in general, has been relatively smooth. The M & As strategy is as expected in the way the company operates, and shows the industry its ability in the area of M & As. With this advantage, the company’s greatest success has been in the face of rising prices in two-line cities.
Companies acquire a large amount of good-quality land through M&As, and land acquisition costs are low. According to the new company value-added distribution in 2019, 13% were in first-line cities, 65% in second-line cities, and 22% in strong three-line cities. Unlike auctions, M&As is a self-enhanced capacity of housing companies.
Sniffing and extremely strong executive power, more dependent on corporate background, size, strong leverage, risk aversion, more chance of success, but more inevitable. Especially when successful M&As are on the rise, in the inner of the industry, the company will be taken into account by more assets, thus reaching a win-win outcome.
To the extent that housing companies can afford to take good land in the same city and in the same region, the acquisition of land is better than the auction.
After time tests and proofs, we believe that the combination has sufficient experience in the field of mergers and acquisitions to maintain sustainable corporate development. To some extent, we believe that this approach solves the problem of the company’s continued development by acquiring a range of high-quality, low-cost land that, for a limited period of time, will also generate high profits for the company.
Figure: Irrigated Land Reserve 2014-2019 Chart: Distribution of Value Added Innovations in 2019 (2) Paulie: Land Limited Prices, House Restricted Prices
In the land market, housing firms are equally sophisticated, that is to say, increasing their investments in the reverse cycle, with most firms in the industry acquiring large amounts of land in a countercyclical manner. But, for Paulie, the company does not copy land in a countercyclical manner, but acquires large amounts of land in a procyclical manner. According to the 2019 report, the average price/market price of the company ' s new land is equal.
For 0.4, the land ratio is higher than the yield ratio. The average premium on land held in 200 cities in the country from 2018 to 2019, based on the company’s new land reserves/sale area, is around 25%, indicating limited heat exchange in the land market, especially under the Government’s policy of “restricted house prices”.
On the whole, there are sufficient advantages in terms of land acquisition, and its excellent M&A capability helps companies to have a large number of high-quality projects on two-line layouts, and helps companies to increase their acquisition capacity for SMEs and speed up industrial concentration; Paulie has a weak edge in investment, but in an industry environment of “stay in the house”, it does not take land in a pro-cyclical manner for firms.
Finance: Pauly has the core advantage of low financing costs, creating a steady decline in debt ratios over the next 2-3 years.
Pavli’s pro-cyclical take-off has led to limited profit margins for some plots, but the core advantage in the area of financing is a robust debt rate and low financial costs. Especially in the face of an overall poor industry financing environment and tight liquidity, the financial advantage of Pavlé will be more pronounced.
The biggest problem faced by companies as pioneers is high leverage and high capital costs. The cost of corporate finance in 2018 was 6.81%, not announced in 2019, but it is very difficult to expect a more modest increase in the cost of other housing enterprises.
At the same time as sales have grown steadily, there is little to worry about the high cost of money for a long time, which will affect the quality of the growth in corporate profitability. At present, convergence is well in the forefront of the industry, while preference for risk is gradually declining.
The best test for the year 2020 is not to achieve rapid growth in sales or better performance, but rather a decline in financing costs and net debt ratios, which are not temporary, but long-term, so that companies are not just large.
Business credit is also at the forefront of the industry. At the 2020 corporate performance meeting, the convergence made it clear that not only the debt structure would be adjusted to lower financing costs, but also that the trend of declining net debt ratios would not change over the next 2-3 years, leading to growth in corporate profitability and volume.
In 2020, the company issued a priority bill of $540 million, with a financing cost of 6.5%. So we think that the high leverage and high capital costs of the company are only a step-by-step issue and that, as the scale of future funding continues to grow, the credit rating will increase.
Leveraging and capital costs are falling. At the same time, with sufficient land reserves for companies, there is a longer shelf life, and we believe that the ratio of future spending on land to sales returns, i.e., the level of investment on the ground, will decline over previous years, which would be more conducive to higher corporate credit ratings.
(2) Paulie: Low cost of finance is its core advantage, low leverage reduces the pressure on indebtedness, and low cost of finance is one of its key competitive features. As the most urban estate company, Paulie has an unparalleled advantage in financing, and companies are actively taking advantage of this advantage, building on bank loans, equity financing, and debt swaps.
A diversified financing structure, such as capital, asset securitization, guarantees the company’s financial adequacy and the cost of financing that is competitive in the industry. And, in an overall policy environment of tightening the financing environment, the firm’s advantage will be even more evident, with a company’s capital cost of just 4.95% in 2019, leading to the Top10.
In the context of low financing costs, companies focus on maintaining a robust debt structure and reasonably controlling the scale of the growth of the debt. We know that housing companies continued to leverage scale in 2015 and 2016, but that companies, under the influence of state corporations, deleveraging during this period, led to the sale of the same value when other companies were growing rapidly.
After that, in view of the space for leverage, the net debt ratio of companies was, in our view, much more affected by the regulatory policy of Paulie as a company, especially the pressure to deleveraging would inhibit the growth of the size of the company. But that was an advantage in the current situation, when financial access to the industry was blocked.
The debt ratio will further reduce the liquidity risk of the company, reduce the pressure on the liability, and, in addition to the conglomerate background, the advantage of having access to finance and low cost of financing will be that other firms will not have. So, for Paulie, there may be pro-cyclical risk of taking land, and there will be limited profit margins, but a robust net liability rate will be achieved without a significant change in real estate policy.
Together, the problem is high leverage, high financing costs, but in the future it will be possible to raise the firm’s credit rating in the capital market, leading to a decline in capital costs. The core of Paulie’s competition will lead to a reduction in capital costs.
It is precisely the low cost and leverage of financing that makes it easier for companies to access low-cost financing in the face of poor access to industry finance. In general, the advantages and uniqueness of inclusion and insurance in the areas of investment and finance, respectively.
Source reserves. Despite shortcomings with high financing costs, credit ratings are expected to rise and financing costs are lowered under the company ' s strategy of deleveraging. Paulie has been at the risk of taking land on a pro-cyclical basis, but for the last three years, the company has stabilized in industry number five, maintaining consistent stability and, in the context of a residential industry, low-cost capital costs will become the firm ' s core competitiveness, which may be able to do so.
In the end, the four-fifths contest did not end. From the 2020 housing stock market, Paulie was a temporary leader, but he was always active in the second half of the year, and whether Paulie would be able to stay ahead and watch the subsequent market performance.