Three-dimensional reading of the annual report, the most significant leader in growth, the 2019 Poly Realty Review, the 2019 Poly Realty Report, which achieved business income of $23,59.34 million, compared to +21.29 per cent; attributed to the parent company ' s share.
The net profit of the East was $27,959 million, or +47.90 per cent; it was 31,23.12 million flat, or +12.91 per cent, of the contract area; it was the future that was most important for the company to ensure sustained growth; and, in conjunction with the annual Paulie report, it was in three dimensions that Paulie still had a significant growth advantage in the company.
In terms of decision-making on the ground. The company's outreach is still excellent. \triangleright's advanced housing company's excellence is a great test of whether or not it can get it right at the right time.
Land; in 2019, the company built up an additional equity reserve of 19.16 million flats, with 84 per cent of residential stock and 71 per cent of interest; the average floor price for the entire year was 5802 yuan per square metre, with an overall premium of only 14 per cent; and based on the project's static sales price, we recorded a 60 per cent difference in the price of the company's static premises for projects acquired in 19 years, leading by other leading housing companies.
In terms of the size of the reserve value, the future growth of sales is highly assured \triangleright, without taking into account the potential value of the goods (unrecorded old conversions, etc.), and the value of unsold by the company as a proportion of 19-year equity sales is approximately 4.1,
It guarantees two to three years of sustained growth and is a leader among priority housing enterprises. In terms of resource advantages, project expansion and financing advantages remain within the industry \triangleright
In terms of financing advantages, the combined financing cost was only 4.95 per cent at the end of 19 and the net negative (600048.sh): performance grew at a high rate, with interest rates at the highest level since listing, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
2. Poly Estates (600048.sh): performance is exceeding expectations, 1 property policy is not improving as expected; 2 Peri-risk uncertainties are increasing.
Figure 3: Summary of revenue from business and rate of increase in recent years from Poly Real Estate: Typical Lump, 2019 with Geostatic Real Estate Differences Summary of data projections in corporate financial statements
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.