A 40% increase in performance was positive and generous in return for investors The 2019 Annual Report of Paulie Property (600048) The 2019 Annual Report of Paulie Property (600048) realized business income of 235,981 million yuan.
Quality has grown steadily. Thanks to the increase in the prices of carry-over projects and the improvement in operational management capacity, the gross interest rate of companies rose by 2.48 percentage points to 34.97%, with real estate moving up by 2.69 core cities contributing 77%, and sales of the Pearl Triangle and the Long Triangle reached hundreds of billions.
Single-city contracts have reached 13 cities with a combined sales value of 250 billion yuan and a sales contribution of 54%. Sales are ranked first in the country in 11 cities, before 25 cities entered three, and the market position has steadily improved. Guangzhou has achieved sales of over 42 billion yuan, Foshan, Wuhan, Beijing.
For the first time, more than $20 billion went through 10 billion in Fuzhou, Xiaan, Sanya, etc., and the cost of expansion of the core city's deep-farming projects was well controlled by land resources. In 2019, 127 company expansion projects added a volume of 26.8 million square metres, costing 155.5 billion yuan.
The company adjusts the pace in a flexible manner in line with changes in the land market, “no one will follow, no one will follow” and reasonably captures the pace of investment, with an increase in the average floor price of the building during the year being only $5802.
The number of new items is 84%, while the 38 nuclear cities account for 79%. At the same time, the number of projects acquired through industrial cooperation, old conversions, acquisitions, etc., is increasing, and the ability to diversify and expand continues to increase, effectively supplementing high-quality resources.
In 2019, the company achieved 4,983 million square metres of new construction and 2,973 million square metres of completed construction, of which 38 core cities accounted for 58 per cent and the project was rich in resources and of excellent quality, laying a solid foundation for the company ' s continued development.
The debt ratio and the cost of financing have reduced the structural security of the funds. Companies have accumulated 431.2 billion yuan worth of sales throughout the year, raised the rate by 5 to 93%, and the financial security has been strong. With a strong credit margin, companies have received sufficient credit in the major financial institutions. As of the end of the reporting period, crowding
Unsold corporate debts amounting to $15 billion, medium-term bills amounting to $8.5 billion, combined reserve financing in insurance financial institutions, supply chain abn shelves, private supply chain financing amounting to $35.8 billion, non-use of bank letters amounting to approximately $269 billion and sufficient financing position. Corporate asset liabilities are 77.79 per cent.
The combined cost of debt is only about 4.95%, down 0.08 percentage points from the previous year, and continues to be an industry leader. Monetary funds amounting to nearly $140 billion, which is 2.1 times the amount of short-term borrowing and debt that is due in one year, and the financing structure.
As of the end of the year, the Polytechnic industry was operating in 287 million square metres, with contracts of 498 million square metres and property management projects exceeding those of the world.
In the fourth place, the combined power is ranked first in corporate management. The sales agent platform in China has continued to promote integration, enhance market-based expansion, and market agent operations cover more than 200 cities across the country, with 10,000 square metres, of which shopping centres are managed up to 1.53 million square metres and hotels are managed up to 94.
In real-estate finance, companies manage funds on a scale of nearly 120 billion yuan, of which ISF is repeatedly rated as “China Real-estate Fund Summary and Investment Recommendations: Overall, corporate sales are ideal, and industry leaders are strong: on the basis of evidence
The firm’s level of indebtedness has declined, capital structure has been optimized, and capital security has been high. At the same time, net profits rose by more than 47% in 2019, with excellent performance with a red rate of about 35%, dividends of about 5.2%, and generous returns to investors.
The real-estate management platform is fast-paced, and the synergies are further enhanced. Businesses continue to develop strong values, and the rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.