The company issued a monthly sales and new real estate announcement: 2.0137 million squared in March.
Six new real estate projects, with a combined planned volume of 1,082,000 square metres; a slight repair to the pre-comparation value in March, with the impact of the epidemic falling by nearly 30% in a quarter; a fourth place in a quarter (caliber of sales). We believe that industry sales are short-lived because of the impact of the epidemic.
Weak, but relatively manageable, long-term impacts. With the release of pre-repressive demand, one- or two-line cities are expected to return to stability, and companies, supported by the advantages of deep-farming in the core urban communities, are steadily increasing their sales throughout the year.
In March, Wang Hongwai added six new real estate projects in Beijing, Shanghai, Hangzhou, Suzhou, Nanchang, and that state. In terms of layout, the company pursues a development strategy for deep-farming core urban communities; and in terms of land storage, it has been able to access the land.
The company used a combination of acquisition, booking, cooperative development, etc. to expand the project reserve. In March, the total added land was about 1,082,000 square feet, corresponding to a total land price of about 10.94 billion yuan. In January-March, the total added land was about 4.5860 million square metres, representing 94 per cent of the area sold during the same period. The total corresponding land price was about $34.69 billion, representing the same period.
Forty-nine per cent of the sales; the average floor price was approximately $7,564 per square metre, or 52 per cent of the average sales value for the same period. A 64 per cent and 118 per cent (excluding foreign projects) of the cumulative increase in the value of the additional earth storage surfaces and the total land value were recorded.
The window that needs to be replenished is a steady increase in sales year-round escort.
Forge Fukuda, Fukuwa, a tax-free company number 6 from China (Sichuan) free trade experiment.
This report is presented independently and objectively, using legally compliant information. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The company does not consider itself a customer for the purpose of receiving this report, it does not read in the absence of a direct business agreement with the company, and it does not have proper responsibilities. This report is confidential to the company, and if it is not received by its customers, please return it and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential until it has publicly disclosed or agreed to do so.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but it does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the report, which are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values of securities or investment objects referred to in this report may be subject to change.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. For its other professionals, including but not limited to salesmen, traders, the company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report with analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance.
The company seeks to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only and are not an invitation or guarantee to purchase or sell securities or the subject matter of their investments.
The company and its authors do not bear any of the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.