On October 28, the Agricultural Bank issued a 22q3 financial report, which collected 564.62 billion yuan from 22q1-q3 battalions.
Youy+3.6 per cent; net profit return 197505 million, yoy+5.8 per cent; bad rate 1.40 per cent, provision for a robust growth in income and profit increase upwards. 22q1-3 net profit increase ring up 0.3 pct, \triangleright
The main benefits are a drop in credit costs; a year-on-year round increase ratio -2.3 pct. The break-downs show that 22q1-3 effects have declined in comparison with the year-on-year increase; net interest income has also declined, with the main behaviour under the net difference being \triangleright
The next-stage interest rate adjustment for deposits is expected to lower the end cost of the debt, thus supporting the spread. The scale is growing by -1.0 pct; in addition to credit, the previous three quarters saw an increase of $1.1 trillion in financial investment, which also provides a higher scale-up.
The research assistant contributes to Bowen. Credit resources continue to tilt towards priority areas, with the balance of manufacturing loans, green credit, inclusive micro-enterprises lending as of the end of 21 years + 30%, + 29%, and + 35%, respectively, contributing to a strong economy.
Implementation of the Rural Renewal Strategy, with high financial innovation in the county areas. In-depth rural revitalization of financial services, sustained by the Agricultural Bank (601288.sh) in mid-2022:
In the 22q3 quarter, the share of new district loans in the new line of credit was more robust than that of the whole bank, with district financial innovation rising by 2022/08/45.9 per cent, which is another decade high; the size of county loans grew by 15.7 per cent at the end of the 21st year, maintaining a high rate of expansion.
In addition, in September 2022, the agricultural banks issued $30 billion in long-term debt and $70 billion in second-tier capital bonds, respectively, contributing to the first-level capital adequacy rate, a capital adequacy rate of 22h1+10bp and +37bp, thereby laying a solid foundation for sustained scale-up.
Investment recommendations: strong scale-up, good asset quality Up, strong net profit growth, strong revenue growth; strong loan lending, high fiscal innovation in the county area, high visibility of the industry; stable asset quality, maintenance of high level of coverage, and strong capital adequacy ring
\triangleright Figure 1: Agricultural Bank ' s cumulative increase in year-on-year performance up to 22q3 Figure 4: Agricultural Bank ' s total assets up to 22q3 and loan-on-year increase (%)
Figure 5: Agricultural Bank loans up to 22q3 District Figure 7: Agricultural Bank provision up to 22q3 Figure 8 Agricultural Bank capital adequacy up to 22q3
A summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements, a methodological and analytical logic that leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.