Financial innovation is beginning to show off, and the internal and external resonance of the future can be achieved — China Handover (60180.0.sh) incident assessment report, China Handover released 2022 annual report: corporate operating income in 2022
Huangjw@cfsc.com.cn has made steady progress, and cash flows have improved markedly.
The main reasons for the decrease in net profits over the year were: 1) the issuance of public fund-raising reits disposal projects, corporate equity gains; 2) exchange gains achieved through exchange rate movements; 3) enhanced cost control; and 4) significant gains from disposal of non-current assets this year.
Sub-operational, corporate capital construction operations/base construction accounting operations/drawing operations/others, this increase and a decrease in the share of income from infrastructure investment projects; 2) reduced profitability of large integrated projects: 3) increased contribution of low Māori-level projects; and
1. China Handover (601,800): The price of fuel for the use of ships has risen. We believe that, as the epidemic has improved and the characteristics of combustion are significant, reits help to value the logic of repair.
Rewinding oil prices will bring the company ' s Māori ratio back to normal levels. 126.26 billion yuan, with a marked improvement in cash flows, is mainly due to the increase in the size of cash transfer projects to enable them to repay. We believe that good cash flows provide the company with more orders.
In 2022, companies insisted on capital excellence, financial innovation, and:
1) Innovative business models for securitization of various types of assets. The company has successfully released China's Consort Reit, raising a total of 9.399 billion yuan; 2) it has initiated a restructuring of design business assets.
Reorganization of listings; 3) promotion of priority share distribution schemes, with an expansion of the plan to raise $30 billion, optimize the capital structure and improve resilience to risk; 4) integration of diversification fund operations.
Millions of yuan, an increase of 545.72 per cent over the same period. Investment returns are bright, and financial innovation is beginning to work. We believe that, in the context of China’s special valuation system, companies accumulate excellent capital, and the return of value will be significantly accelerated, with the valuation rising.
The country's investment in infrastructure has grown faster than in 2022, rising by 9.4 per cent, a significant increase of 9.0 percentage points from the previous year.
The company, as the leader of China's capital sector, is guaranteed a growth of orders. The company's 2023 year marks the tenth anniversary of the One Way initiative, and the third International Cooperation Summit, to be held in the second half of this year, is expected to be held for countries along the line.
The company, as China’s largest international engineering contractor, will benefit fully from the continued progress of the strategy along the way. The amount of new contracts in the company’s offshore area is $216,782 million, or about 14% of the amount of new contracts.
Important projects with leading countries include the Golden Port of Cambodia, the Kanapuri tunnel in Bangladesh, the Peresac Bridge in Croatia, etc. We believe that the country’s stronger capital investments will be added along the overseas route.
With the company ' s 2022 bulletin, we have projected profits based on annual reports.
Quality, in the context of China's speciality valuation system, the valuation is expected to rise, thus maintaining a “buy-in” investment rating. 1) Capital investment is not as high as expected; 2) project returns are not as high as expected; 3) corporate performance
The construction materials group introduced Wong Joon-woo: B.A. in Civil Engineering and M.A. in Finance, University of Gangdan, more than five years in the construction materials industry.
Research experience and three years of experience in building and building materials. Hua : Master of Finance, University of Gangan. Research is directed towards building and building materials and new materials.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
It is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer); the Hong Kong market is based on the consistent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.