To optimize the continued improvement of the quality of the assets, China is the leading China-based transport infrastructure company, built around "The Great."
In some cases, net profits amounted to $19,104 million, an increase of 6.16 per cent over the same period, and an increase of $1.09 per cent was achieved, respectively, in the areas of transport, “big cities”, core areas of business, capital construction, capital design and dredging operations, business models, etc.
The perimeter consists mainly of domestic and global ports, shipping lanes, blow-ups, high revenue growth abroad, with higher costs reducing profitability. In 2022, operating income grew less than 2022 for land-building, watersheds, roads and bridges, railways, urban tracks.
The 6% increase planned at the beginning of the year is mainly due to the foreign business. In 2022, companies invested in and managed their own domestic and external investments, design, construction, operations and management.
In 2022, the financing environment was favourable, and companies seized the opportunity to improve their indebtedness by issuing priority shares and debt swaps.
The asset quality was optimized by the increase in the size of the cash transfer project. In 2022, the company increased the size of the “cash” project, the rate of repayment was accelerated and the project assets were continuously optimized.
Hundreds of millions of yuan. In addition to increasing the size of the cash transfer project, the company, one of China’s largest road and bridge construction companies, as the lead nation’s highway and major bridge construction enterprise, acquired a high speed from g1816 to Maron’s cooperation to Sellong, a high speed from Chongqing to Fuzhou airport.
In 2022, the company successfully released the China Reit project, raising $9,399 million in funds to build up its stock of assets. At the same time, it made a presentation.
In 2022, the company’s licensed stock assets fell to $223.4 billion, down from $40.574 billion at the beginning of the year.
The Division’s asset structure continues to be optimized, stock assets are working effectively, and the current policy environment is characterized by a continuous upgrading of the quality of assets and higher valuation levels, maintaining a “very recommended” investment rating for companies.
East Hing Securities Co. reported China Consignment (601,800): Structural and stock optimization continues to improve asset quality.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, China's border building (601,800): Structural and stock optimization continues to improve the quality of assets, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that China's hand-in-hand (601,800): architecture and stock optimization continue to improve asset quality.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.