In the midst of this convergence, a new industry was established on 31 May 2023 as the leading global integrated infrastructure service provider, covering such companies as capital construction, capital planning, dredging, etc.
Established in 2006 at the expense of the China-China Group and listed in 2006/2012 at the joint point/point of entry, the group is controlled by the National Finance Committee, formerly the China Road Bridge and the China Harbour Main Forces, respectively; the company signed a new contract of $154.23 billion in 2022, corresponding to +21.6 per cent, and the capital/capital plan/drawling operations accounted for 89 per cent/7 per cent.4 per cent of the total.
▪ Capital-related core industries have a strong edge and are expected to benefit from a high industry profile. (1) Broad/narrow-based infrastructure needs to be captured in January-March; (2) new contracts for port/road bridge/railline construction/drawling operations are equal to the same amount in 2022. Companies responded positively to the new urbanization, with new contracts for urban construction amounting to $679 billion in 2022, and integrated urban development.
18 per cent; Sino-Cong City, a subsidiary, with advantages such as parent company brand resources, industry chain relations, to create a “Middle-City” brand that promotes quality + industry upgrading; (4) company-driven sea wind construction, with the Second-Categorization Administration occupying 60 per cent of the market share of the sea wind installation in the country; and leading the establishment of a subsidiary, Sino-Change wind power, to create a confluence of the sea wind industry.
Quality design assets are to be re-listed by means of a combination of top-heavy design assets, enhanced integrated planning and leadership of design operations, higher company prices, rich stock of highway assets, and accelerated development of highway assets. (1) Highway assets as bottom assets have the advantages of mature industry, stable cash flow, clear tenure of assets, etc., and circular 236 is further optimized.
Conditions for the issuance of concession-type reits projects are in place; (2) the share of corporate franchises in total assets is 14 per cent, the issuance of reits improves financial indicators in the short term, helps to build up the stock of assets in the long term, and a highway project, which is in its operational phase, will support fund-raising.
The company is expected to recover from overseas operations by accelerating the process of building a “one-way” together. (1) The company continues to optimize its fundamentals through territorialization, looking forward to an assessment of the strengthening of territorialization in the form of territorial administration, mergers and acquisitions, and in 2022, the construction of new offshore engineering blocks for capital construction.
The contract was signed at $20.86 billion, with $98.7 billion in offshore revenues, the absolute size and proportion of which are among the highest in the construction complex; (2) the past “one-way” policy has led to a marked increase in the country's capital cooperation with the countries along the route. This year marks the tenth anniversary of the “one-way” period, and the company's active participation in foreign affairs since the beginning of the year is expected to take full advantage of the historic opportunity.
Billions of dollars, resulting in a net profit of $19.1 billion for the mother, firm growth in the company's income in recent years, restoration of profit levels, operational capacity
Reporting on support for professional research and analysis, high rate of improvement; (2) indicators such as firm equity incentive programs anchoring roe, net profit increases, etc., reflecting company growth letters, thanks to Yellow Shito, Big House, Shiraito source
The policy setting will boost expectations for overseas business growth, and public enterprise reform, the “medium-tech” acceleration, with firm valuations expected to rise further; company market gains on April 21 are slightly above the average of comparable companies, with low net rates, and the pace of push is not as high as expected; design asset segmentation is not progressing as expected; and state enterprise reforms are not moving as fast as expected.
The construction of a “one-way” has accelerated, with equity incentives highlighting confidence in growth, and the “one-way” policy drive has led to a marked increase in capital cooperation between the country and the countries along the way, with the prospect of benefits for both construction companies and international industrial enterprises.
After the second summit in August of that year, our overseas engineering projects accounted for a significant increase in the volume of new contracts with countries along the “one-way” route, which further contributed to the pace of growth in the completion of sales, with a peak of 0.5 to 1 year, and an overall “one-way-by-the-way” significant event that led to our investment in countries along the line.
And because of the large number of developing countries along the border, there is a strong demand for investment in infrastructure. Eight major buildings, and four major international engineering firms, have undertaken most of our foreign project co-construction operations, and it is expected that our cooperation with the countries along the border will reach yet another peak this year, with the “one-way” summit being catalyzed.
It is expected that engineering firms will benefit fully. -Road, which promotes the scaling up of national engineering cooperation along the line.
Since its inception, the executive director of the company has been actively involved in foreign affairs and has held talks with the leaders of many countries, including the Philippines, Cambodia, Portugal, Kyrgyzstan, Malaysia and Côte d ' Ivoire. The company will actively implement the important consensus reached between our country and our countries in the area of infrastructure development, deepening cooperation with countries, broadening cooperation areas and making a strong global market;
On 27 February, the company held a “Step-in-China” event in Kyoto, involving 111 participants from 110 embassies and representatives of international organizations in China, which provided a good basis for the company to advance its international operations as a whole this year. The company is expected to benefit fully from the development opportunities offered by the tenth anniversary of the “Save-Away” and to further upgrade its offshore orders.
For the first time, it was awarded to the Vice-President, the Director of Finance, the Secretary-General, and no more than 665 middle-level managers and core cadres, at a price of $5.33/units, with a total incentive of 0.72% of the total share capital for the announcement day.
A 75-cent split or industry average. This time, for the first time, restrictive stock incentives were introduced for companies to be listed, not only to tie the benefits of top managers, cadres, but also to raise performance targets such as future roe, net profit growth, etc., year after year, demonstrating firm confidence in long-term high-quality development.
China’s construction, Chinese electricity, Chinese energy, Chinese iron, Chinese iron, Chinese chemistry, Chinese smelting, Shanghai construction workers,
China-China International, North New Road Bridge, Centralized Rock and Soil, Chengdu Road Bridge, Air Port, Yong-won Construction, Pudong Construction, China-Aluminium International, Xinjiang Construction, Tunnels, Chinghing Holdings, Shanghai Sea Bay, Crossings, Zhejiang Crossing, China Ship Technology, New Founding Group, Shanghai-Kiji Group
The remaining seven of the eight construction companies were selected as comparable companies. The company ' s 21 April market surplus (ttm) was higher than the average of the comparable companies, and the net market rate (lf) was lower than the average of the comparable companies.
Large-scale integrated infrastructure service providers with a leading edge in infrastructure areas such as bridges, ports, dredging, etc., this round of State enterprise reforms has helped to further optimize corporate performance targets; and the company has been operating abroad for many years and has been in the forefront of firms with an absolute size of offshore revenue, with a comparable share of total revenue, and will benefit fully as the main force of the construction company “outwards out”
The level of valuation is expected to rise further at the tenth anniversary of the “one-way” development opportunity. The company’s April 21 cut-off rate for capital investment is not as fast as expected; the “one-way” boosts overseas operations is not as fast as expected; the reits push is not as fast as expected; the design of asset segmentation is not as advanced as expected; and the state enterprise reform is not proceeding as expected.
I have presented this report with diligence, independence, objectivity, and all the views contained therein accurately reflect my personal views on the securities or issuers mentioned; my specific suggestions or views contained in this report are past, present or future, regardless of whether they relate directly or indirectly to my remuneration.