For the first time, China Sea Oil Clothes (601808) covered the cycle of recovery, and the growth of technical services was underestimated.
There has been breakthrough progress in research and development of oilfield technical services, which is a core growth point for companies. Significant progress has been made in research and development of corporate technical services. In 2018, the company's cable-testing operations had 95 per cent of the technical capabilities of industry's top counterparts, and technological services were gradually emerging from backwardness.
The company insists on technology, internationalization, drilling services, heavy asset operations, elasticity, and signs of cyclical recovery. According to our calculations, drilling in 2019 basically crossed the profit-and-loss balance point.
Within a billion-dollar range, the drilling operations suffered losses and were less profitable as oil prices plunged into the valley. Owing to increased oil exploration and development expenditures in China and China, the number of days of operation of the 2019q3 rigs increased by 33 per cent from the same year to year, despite the current global overflow of offshore drilling platforms and low daily rates, the volume of operations has increased with greater certainty.
Production growth is a priority, with China’s future capital spending on oil in the sea and China estimated to be close to the budget ceiling. Billions of dollars, exceeding the budget ceiling, are due to the increasing friction in international trade, the overdependence of domestic oil on global trade, which is a risk to national strategic security, and the need to increase domestic production of oil and gas is a priority.
China Sea oil will remain close to the budget ceiling for future capital expenditure when it reaches its target of 503 million barrels of oil equivalent in 2019, which has exceeded the target ceiling of 490 million barrels of oil.
Assuming a high rate of growth in technical services in the oil fields, the level of profitability of drilling services is gradually recovering. The company, Hu Xiaowei, is expected to have a market value of $82.3 billion; the other three heavy assets are estimated at $25.9 billion in net equity.
China Sea oil capital expenditure increased less than expected, oil prices dropped significantly, oil field technical services performed less than expected, drilling service operating day rates dropped and costs increased more than anticipated.
The company has a complete chain of offshore oil and gas mining services, ranging from physical exploration, drilling to the technical services of the oil fields, which largely dominates the domestic offshore market. In 2002, the China Oil Company, as sole sponsor, set up the China Sea oil uniforms on the basis of crude oil uniforms, with the assets invested in them.
China Sea Oil South Drilling Company, China Sea Oil North Drilling Company, China Sea Oil Geophysical Exploration Company, China Ocean Oil Logging Company, China Sea Oil Technology Services Company, the operational assets of crude oil clothing companies, China Sea Oil Ships Limited, and China Sea Oil General Company or its subsidiaries, China Sea Dares Ground Service,
At its inception, the China Sea oil suit had a net asset of $4 billion, with 2.6 billion in equity held by the China Sea Oil Corporation. The company raised more than $10 billion in equity financing, and the net asset size grew from $4 billion in 2001 to $4 billion.
The purpose of the fund-raising exercise was to increase the concentration of shares in drilling platforms, cargo exploration vessels, and survey wells. The shareholders were China Sea Oil Group Limited. The two former shareholders were China Sea Oil Company Limited.
The group has a 50.53% shareholding. The company’s equity structure is relatively simple, and shares are very concentrated 1.2 Drilling wells and oilfield technical services are the two main core operations. The company’s operations include oil field technical services, drilling wells, surveying and surveying, and ship servicing four sections.
Four main plates, one for drilling services, the other for oil fields, the other for surveying and surveying, and the other for ships, cover the entire process of exploration, development and production of oil and gas fields.
Services account for about 80% of total revenue. Companies insist on technologicalization, internationalization, and 70% of the technical services board. The company’s profits are now largely contributed by the oil fields’ technical services panels. Although the revenues from drilling operations are relatively high, the Māori rate has not recovered because the global drilling platform market is still oversupply and daily fees in the short term.
In the future, as technology continues to improve, technical services operations will remain an important driver of corporate performance, but this does not exclude the possibility that drilling operations will rebound significantly as a result of the cycle recovery. Figure 3: 80% of revenues from drilling and oilfield technical services in 2018
Figure 4: In 2018, Māori contributed mainly to the operation of oil field technical services US$/bbl, down from the average price of $73.58/bpb for the same period in 2018. Despite the low price of oil, upstream capital expenditure on marine oil in the first three quarters of 2019 was achieved as a result of the implementation of the national energy security strategy
Due to the dominance of the domestic offshore market for uniforms, close to 70% of the company’s revenues came from the China Sea oil-related transactions, and company revenues were closely linked to China China’s oil capital expenditures, leading to a high rate of growth. Corporate performance began to rebound significantly in 2019, mainly as a result of faster growth in technical services operations.
The Division achieved a net return of $2.1 billion to the mother, and a total return of $71 million to the mother in 2018. The improvement in performance in 2019 was due first to a 56 per cent increase in revenues in tandem with China’s capital expenditure on oil, and secondly to a $6.6 billion increase in revenues from the high-mori oil fields, a 95 per cent increase in the same year, a large number of high-end equipment and technical services.
The Māori rate rose by 10 per cent, or 12 pcc, from the 2019q3 net interest rate.
Field technical services are the company's strategic business.
The company is the largest and most powerful supplier of oil field technical services off China’s coast. It also provides land field technical services, including surveying wells, drilling fluids, steering wells, fixing wells, increasing production.
In the case of the new offshore drilling project, the amount of work done to repair and produce wells is affected by the number of wells in stock production. Oilfield technical services for light assets are able to withstand fluctuations in performance during periods of industry downturn.
The business of technology services with relatively light assets is more robust in the different cycles of the industry, and is profitable even in the face of the industry’s low capacity. The fixed cost of the operation of technology services in the oil fields is low, with a depreciation amortization of 8.24% of the company’s cost of technical services in the oil fields in 2018, and drilling suits.
Depreciation amortization of 31.22 per cent of the cost of operations, and depreciation of drilling services compared to heavy assets in technical services operations
As a result of the rising capital spending on oil in China and China, and the upgrading of high-end equipment capabilities that companies have developed autonomously, oilfield technology services have moved out of the valley, with a significant increase in operations across business lines of $6.6 billion, an increase of 95% over the same period. Starting in 2017, some high-end equipment has been put into operation in China’s oil uniforms, and the collection of high-end equipment such as nuclear magnets, extradt, etc.
Both entry and profit rates are very high, more profitable than conventional equipment, and there has been a significant improvement in the profitability of oil field technical services operations, with a significant increase in the Māori rate since 2017, with a Māori rate of 25 per cent for technical services in the 2018 fields.
The company’s revenues from its oil field technical services are mainly derived from the flow to China Sea oil, marine engineering oil, China Oil Company, China Oil Company and other affiliates within the group, which account for 70-90% of the revenues from oilfield technical services, and only from the supply of technical services to China Sea oil, which is close to the company in 2018.
80% of revenues from oil field technical services operations. The future performance of the company ' s technical and technical services section will be more certain, as planned by the rising cost of China ' s oil capital. 2.2 Technology capabilities in areas such as surveying wells are aligned with international first-class levels
China has continued to build a series of technology products with strategic advantages. China and China have undertaken technical clearance tasks for the country and China ' s Sea Oil Section, conducted continuous core technical clearances, achieved breakthroughs and applications in a number of technical areas, such as surveying wells and drilling fluids, and created 277 core technical products through autonomous innovation. In recent years, companies have been monitoring wells and directing well collars.
Fields, successfully developed with drilling ground testers (ifpt), dwpr, etc., have been successfully applied. As a result of the transformation and application of multiple scientific research results, the Chinese suit has been moving towards a technologically innovative enterprise, and the value of the technology plate has jumped from 30% in 2015 to 49% in mid-2019.
In mid-2018, $742 million was spent on research and development of marine oil uniforms, compared to $7,39,702 million in Bakerhouse, Haliberton, and Sremberghe, respectively. In terms of R & D as a share of revenue, China ' s marine oil uniforms continued to lead, with 3.62 per cent of revenue spent on marine oil uniforms in mid-2018.
During the same period, Beckhouse, Haliberton, Slemberghea, 3.06%, 1.63%, 2.14% respectively. The technical strength of the technical clothing projects in some of the oil suits in China is aligned with the international first-class level.
Hariberton and Srembeche, among the main technologies, are drilling wells, and Srembeche started with cable tests. China’s oil suits have been working through many years of research and development, and breakthroughs have been made with drilling wells and targeted wells in recent years, with new products starting to come into the market in 2017 and 2018, bringing up high-end products and service lanes.
2.3 The market share of the company ' s technology services rises in space, the output of the company ' s high-end technology services expands rapidly, and the market share of the product lines rises considerably.
The capacity has been significantly enhanced, and there are now thousands of well-detection devices, several times larger than in 2015. High-end service markets have higher technical barriers, with companies having a 5% share in global well- fixation in 2018, a 2% share in global cable-testing markets, company-based cable-testing technologies that are continuously aligned to international first-class levels, and the market share remains high.
In 2018, the company’s market share was only 3% in the area of targeted drilling, and in recent years it has continued to introduce high-end equipment for targeted drilling wells, and its market share has also been much more open. In 2018, in the global market for well-drilling fluids, the company’s market share was only 3%, and the company developed an integrated technology of “repeatable water-drilling fluid systems plus pers emission reductions.”
The 80 per cent reduction in the source of drilling waste is expected to boost the company ' s share in this area. Figure 17: Global market share of company-directed drilling services in 2018 is only 3 per cent. Figure 18: Global market share of company-drilled fluids in 2018 is only 3 per cent. Corporate global market share continues to rise.
In 2008, the global market share of companies was only 0.12%, and after 10 years of growth, the global market share of companies reached 0.57%. Despite the volatility of the global market for oil uniforms over the past 10 years, the competitiveness of firms has been increasing as a result of the improved capacity of their technology services as a result of the breakthrough in R & D.
In 2019, the global market for garments was $282.6 billion, with the company’s share rising by 0.1% generating more than $1 billion in revenue. Technology services are a potential driver of corporate business growth worldwide.
In the first half of 2019, China received a two-year contract for the maintenance and repair of wells in India; a successful renewal of the contract with the Thai oil company for the maintenance of sea wells in Myanmar; and a three-year contract for the production of conventional wells in Indonesia: a three-year contract for the construction of a three-year contract for cable-testing services in Indonesia.
Two-year contract for steel wire operation services in Indonesia; cable surveying and puncture services for the winning Myanmar Maritime Project, heavy-duty survey services Return to the market in Myanmar: Access to Canada's local customer holster services: two-year contract for cable surveying services in Mexico, substantial breakthroughs in the Mexican market for technical services.
2.4 High-end technology services account for several times the increase in profitability, and high-end oil field technical services and oil field equipment are several times as rich as conventional operations.
At one point, the Māori rate was as high as 58%, while the Māori rate for conventional drilling services was only 20%, and in recent years the decline in the profitability of well engineering services has been largely influenced by the corporate business transformation. The Māori rate for high-end services can be more than twice as high as the Māori rate for conventional services, higher-end services are more dependent on high-end equipment, and foreign companies generally do not sell out.
In recent years, it is expected to reduce the proportion of outsourcing by using high-end equipment in the form of technical services. As some high-end technology services are more difficult to break through, companies have commissioned offshore garment companies to provide technical services to China Sea oil through outsourcing.
The company’s high-end surveying instruments have been put into operation in 2017 and 2018, and more high-end equipment will be introduced in the future, and work is now beginning to gradually replace the technical services that were previously subcontracted to companies like Sremberghe. The higher Māori rate for new high-end technical services will effectively enhance the profitability of the company.
The company operated the largest and second largest offshore drilling fleet in Asia, and by the end of June 2019 it had shipped a total of 52 offshore drilling platforms.
Drilling operations, offshore drilling platforms equipped with drilling, power, communications, navigation, etc., as well as safe life-saving and life-saving facilities.
By the end of June 2019, a total of 52 platforms (including 38 self-propelled drilling platforms and 14 semi-submarine platforms) had been operated and managed by the Great Sea Drilling Fleet, with 32 operating in Chinese waters, 10 operating in international areas such as Norway, the United Kingdom, Mexico, Indonesia, etc., 9 on standby and 1 towed.
(abs/dnv/ccs certificate, equipped with advanced top-drilling devices, high-power diesel machines, mud pumps and vibration screens for drilling wells at a rate of $17.7 billion, Māori at over 40 per cent and Māori at up to $7.7 billion.)
The price of oil has been high for a long time until 2014, between drilling suits. Oil prices began to decline in the second half of 2014, resulting in a sharp decline in revenue from drilling services, a significant Māori rate, and a 3.2-drilling service with a strong asset and a high cycle.
By the end of June 2019, the company drilling platform had a book value of $34.4 billion, representing 72 per cent of fixed assets and 46 per cent of total assets, with 63 per cent of the company ' s total assets being fixed assets and most of the fixed assets being drilling platforms.
In 2018, the depreciation amortization component reached $2.5 billion or 31 per cent of the operating cost of drilling services. This cost mix led to a scale effect that began to reflect a very high level of elasticity, while the revenue from drilling services was influenced by the gas cycle of the oil-coat industry and performance, when revenue was small.
According to our calculations, the company's drilling operations in 2019 basically crossed the profit-and-loss balance point. The cost of drilling services is between 30 and 53% of the cost of materials, subcontracts, and other costs, and the amount of remuneration and depreciation is around $3.54.4 billion.
That is, when the company earns more than $9.4 billion, well-drilling services will be lost, and if revenue continues to rise, the profitability of the operations will improve significantly.
3.3 Increased production of oil in China will lead to an increase in the number of drilling platforms at sea and a simultaneous increase in the volume of drilling services. In response to the call of the national energy security strategy, China and China will increase the domestic supply of oil.
Camp strategy, with a projected yield of 503, 525, 555, 590 million barrels of oil equivalent in 2019-2022, the number of wells that are positively correlated with production, the more production that will require drilling, the greater the amount of work that will be required, the 51 per cent of the oil from China and China in 2018, we believe that an increase in oil production in China and China will significantly drive the company to drill wells.
Figure 25: 51% of the revenue from company drilling services in 2018 came from China Sea oil. Figure 26: China Sea oil production has increased over the next three years.
The contract showed that the domestic market was operating, except for a few bids, and that the domestic drilling operations were near saturated. In order to be able to meet the demand for increased production of oil in China and China, the company would expand the fleet through a leased model.
The rise in sea oil capital expenditure has greatly boosted demand, the company ' s offshore drilling platforms have been underutilized as a whole, and there are still some vessels that are in a bid position and are expected to be redeployed to domestic operations in the future after saturated domestic supply, further increasing the operations of the company ' s drilling platforms.
With the increase in production of oil in China and China, the number of company drilling platforms and the use of calendar days has increased simultaneously. In 2019h1, the company operated and managed 52 platforms, including 38 self-incented drilling platforms, 14 semi-submarine platforms, 36 self-introduction platforms in 2018, and 12 semi-submarine platforms, a significant increase in the number of platforms from history.
In the data, we found a strong correlation between the number of Chinese oil rigs and China oil production due to the fact that the increase in the production of Chinese oil will drive the volume of offshore drilling, the size of the company ' s drilling platform, which essentially dominates the offshore drilling market, and the simultaneous increase in the number of drilling platforms as demand increases and equipment supplies increase.
The Platform ' s use rate for calendar days was 84 per cent, an increase of 19 pct over the same period, and the use of semi-submarine platforms for calendar days was 74 per cent, an increase of 5 pct over the same period, owing mainly to increased capacity utilization driven by increased demand.
Figure 30: Maintenance of the platform ' s calendar day usage increase The number of drilling days increases in parallel with the growth of downstream demand and is highly determinative. The increase in downstream development spending by companies and the number of oil and gas wells has led to an increase in demand for drilling services in China and China.
According to the China Sea Oil Operations Strategy, sustaining production growth implies a trend towards increased downstream demand, with half of China's marine oil suits drilling; revenue from well services coming from China Sea oil, monopolization of the domestic sea drilling market; the current share of domestic drilling platforms in the total; over 60 per cent; and an increase in the number of company drilling days if oil prices do not fall significantly, demand for offshore drilling services stabilizes.
Global drilling platforms are now in a state of greater supply than demand, with a small increase in daily rates, but they are still low. His aggregates suggest that global self-enhancement and semi-submarine drilling platforms are currently using about 70% of the market.
There is a significant surplus of equipment, while the platform under construction will be placed on the market, making it difficult to raise the daily rate in the short term. The self-introduction and semi-submarine drilling platform rates of $6.8 and $151,000 per day, respectively, equal to 19 per cent and 3 per cent. However, the semi-submarine platform rates are $173,000 per day in 2018, and they appear in 2019.
Figure 32: Oversupply of global self-propelled drilling platforms Figure 33: Oversupply of global semi-submarine drilling platforms
Oil prices themselves are more difficult to predict, and we are in a slow recovery phase of global market demand for garments, based on the current $65/barrell Brent price, with a positive impact on the daily rate.
4. Growth in production is a priority, with the long-term demand for the domestic offshore garments industry moving upwards with the downstream exploration and development expenditure of 4.1. The demand for the oilfield technology and engineering company services depends on the size of the oil company’s investment in exploration and development.
Use specialized equipment to provide services such as drilling wells, repair wells, increased production of oil fields through specialized technicians, with a single downstream clientele, for domestic and foreign oil developers, including Chinese oil, China petrochemicals, China Sea oil, oil extensions, and abroad, including Canfield, Saudi Arabia, etc. The number of drilling wells is raised when oil prices rise or policy-driven increases downstream capital spending.
Upgrade, where equipment and personnel are sufficient, there has been a significant improvement in the revenue and net profits of the garment companies. For example, domestic oil companies increased their capital expenditure at an upswing rate in 2004-2006, oilfield technical services increased their operations, and oil-suiting industries increased their revenues, net profits increased and net asset returns reached their stage highs during this period, and industries made good progress.
Since 2018, fueled by a recovery in oil prices and an energy security policy, domestic oil companies have increased their capital spending on oil at a rate of 25% in China and China. At the beginning of the year, three domestic oil companies each developed a “seven-year plan of action” for aggressive capital spending on exploration and development, which has moved away from the current low oil prices.
Capital expenditure on production plates increased by 19 per cent over the same year and is projected to increase by 16 per cent year-on-year. Capital expenditure on exploration and exploitation of the plates increased by 86 per cent over the same year and is projected to increase by 41 per cent year-on-year. The rate of increase in capital expenditure on oil exploration and development in China and China increased from 2 per cent in 2017 to 25 per cent in 2018. Investment in oil exploration in China and China increased by the same amount.
Investment in development increased by 46% over the same year, total capital expenditure on exploration development increased by 62% over the same year, total capital expenditure increased by about 80.2 billion yuan over the year, 29% over the same year, total sea oil capital expenditure in mid-2020, $850-95 billion, and we believe it will approach the upper limit of $95 billion, up by 18%, and support the increased demand for marine oil uniforms.
Global demand growth in the garment industry is expected to remain moderate and low. The current price of Brent's crude oil futures is between $60 and $70 per barrel, close to the average cost of extraction, with little profitability and insufficient incentive for international oil companies to increase their development spending.
Weakness, low demand for services. According to the Spears, the global market for uniforms reached $282.6 billion in 2019, an 8 per cent increase, and we expect the global market for uniforms to continue to grow at a moderate and low rate over the next three years. 4.2 To ease energy security pressures, real capital expenditure on oil in China and China is estimated to reach budget ceilings.
With our energy overdependence on global trade, national strategic security is challenged in the context of increased friction in international trade. By October 2019, China had 72% external dependence on crude oil, 42% external dependence on natural gas, and much of domestic oil and gas energy needs were filled by imports.
In the context of the increased risk of energy trade in China as a result of the year's increased friction in international trade, domestic energy security strategies were proposed, energy self-sufficiency rates were raised and domestic oil and gas production increased. Oil, petrochemicals and oils from three State-owned oil companies each developed a seven-year action plan in early 2019, aimed at securing energy supplies.
In October 2019, domestic natural gas production increased by 8.20 per cent over the same period, and natural crude oil production remained at the same level as in the previous seven years.
The main reason for this is to minimize energy security pressures on oil and gas resources, which are highly import-dependent. Driven by the priority objective of increasing production, China’s investment in oil uniforms is expected to be close to the budget ceiling, and we estimate it to be in the next three years.
In 2020, the total cost of oil capital expenditure in China and China was $850-95 billion, of which expenditure on exploration, development and production was projected to account for approximately 20 per cent of the total capital expenditure, 58 per cent of which was $70-80 billion in 2019.
In accordance with the strategic guidelines for 2020, China Sea oil uniforms reached $80.2 billion in mid-2019, exceeding the budget ceiling by 29 per cent. We believe that in the future, production growth will remain a priority, and that overall exploration and development expenditures will remain on the upward trend in the coming years, with China and China oil.
Capital expenditures will also reach annual budget ceilings and the offshore oil garment market will continue to prosper.Figure 41: China Sea oil actual capital expenditures are expected to reach budget ceilings.Figure 40: China Sea oil actual production is expected to reach target ceilings.
4.3 China has a virtual monopoly on China’s offshore oil uniform market China has a monopoly on offshore oilfield development in China, while China’s oil suit accounts for more than 70% of the offshore oil field services market. Of the country’s three oil companies, China’s oil and petrochemical oil and gas resources are dominated by terrestrial oil and gas fields.
China Sea oil focuses on the development of offshore oil fields and is the only developer of offshore oil fields, and the size of their capital expenditure determines the size of the offshore market. China Sea oil uniforms, due to the size of the drilling fleet and advanced technology, account for the majority of the market share of China ' s offshore oil field services, are estimated to be between 70 and 80%, and domestic sea oil and gas.
China Sea oil is the main customer of China Sea oil garments, whose contribution to total revenue reached 69% in 2018, and which are closely linked. As the largest equipment in the area of marine garments, the highest market share of garment companies, China Sea oil uniforms become China Sea.
The main service provider of oil, the company, is under the control of the same group as China Sea Oil. In 2018, the company supplied China Sea Oil with 4 billion yuan in drilling, 7.6 billion yuan in technical services, 2.3 billion yuan in ship services, 1.2 billion yuan in research services, 15.1 billion yuan in total, $21.9 billion in 2018, and services provided to China Sea Oil as a share of total income.
In mid-2019, the revenue growth in marine oil uniforms again exceeded the combined revenue growth of 300-component companies over the same period. The revenue growth rate of companies was at a time when international oil prices were over $100 per barrel, the industry was in a weather phase, and China and China were spending more on oil capital.
Starting in 2018, industry income grew again faster than the combined income of the 300-component company, and China’s oil capital expenditure again went up. The income growth led to a sharp rebound in net profits from the company’s homecoming.
The annual net profits of the company rise again above the market average. Figure 44: Comparison of the combined growth rate of the company and the 300-component company, the level of the marine oil suit regressed from the bottom and is expected to soon exceed the market average.
This is mainly due to higher asset turnover and better profitability in the high industry. The performance of the market for marine oil uniforms in the middle of 2019q3 roe 4.5 is largely driven by performance growth of 126 per cent over the year, with excess returns of 90 per cent, and a return to higher levels of spending on China and China oil capital, and corporate performance.
15, 17, 16 times the main factor driving the increase in the share price of the Chinese and Chinese oil-coats was improved corporate performance, during which the performance of the public sector increased significantly, the valuation fell back, the valuation was minimized when the ps reached its peak, the company ' s 5.1 technical services grew well in 2014, and the drilling operations gradually recovered from the bottom.
We believe that there is a strong demand for increased production in the offshore oilfields, that there will be a strong increase in sea oil capital spending over the next few years, and that demand in the marine garment industry will continue to grow. Assuming that mid-2021 will see a 29%, 18%, 15%, respectively, increase in sea oil capital spending in exploration and development, and that the volume of oil field technical services will increase with capital spending, and that high-end equipment capacity will continue to grow.
503, 530, 555 million barrels of oil equivalent, with a simultaneous increase in offshore platform operations. As a result of the excess of the global drilling platform at the last oil price peak, we assume that the daily rate will remain the same and that revenue from drilling services will increase at a rate of 5.2 per cent using the segment valuation method for the valuation of heavy assets and light assets, respectively.
The company’s business plates are of a different nature and are more suitable for the application of segment valuation methods. China’s oil jacket operations include four plates for drilling services, oil field technical services, ship services, and property survey services, the implementation of which depends on a large number of drilling platforms of the company; ship services depend on a variety of work vessels, tankers, chemical vessels; and material survey services.
The oilfield technical services include, inter alia, surveying wells, drilling fluids, directional wells, fixed, increased production of wells, with a greater focus on service and technology exports and on fixed assets.
Investment requirements are low and are petty asset operations. We therefore value asset-intensive drilling, ship, object exploration operations and light asset oil field technical services operations separately. Drilling, ship and property survey operations are asset-intensive operations with a high cyclical character, using the pb valuation method to match the market value
The bulk of the division's fixed assets is $47.6 billion. The construction work under way is being considered for 1.8 billion yuan, mainly for offshore platforms, totalling $45.1 billion. Most of the company's current assets are receivables and monetary funds, with the bulk of the receivables coming from business-related current assets amounting to 45 per cent, or $10 billion.
The oil field technical services operations are growing rapidly, using the pe valuation method for a market value of $82.3 billion. The oil field technical services technology technology experts believe that the oil field technical services plate would have a market value of $82.3 billion in 2020, with heavy asset drilling services, marine oil capital spending lower than expected, oil prices falling sharply, oil field technical services not growing as much as expected, and drilling.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, produces the present report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts it.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.