Events: On March 30, the Episcopal Bank issued a 2022 report. Revenues of $22,237 million, yoy+0.5 per cent; Growths of revenue rebounded and profits increased robustly. By the end of 22 years, the cumulative rate of revenue growth had increased at \triangleright \triangleright.
The rate of growth has turned negative (negative growth for the entire 22 years, positive growth for the first three quarters), largely influenced by a narrow net interest spread. The rate of growth has been negative (positive growth for the 22nd year, negative growth for the previous three quarters), with financial operations providing important support, and fiscal growth has been 26.9% year-on-year, compared to 10.3 pct in the first half of the year.
The fall has also led to a net return profit of 1.6 pct below 22q3 at a higher rate than the previous year, but remains at a steady level. A firm push for strategic transformation leading to a re-shaping of the balance sheet. By the end of 22 years, total lending had increased by \triangleright
Loans from strategic and emerging industries, medium- and long-term loans from manufacturing, at a rate of more than 40%, 50%, 60% and 70% of the surplus, respectively, reflect both the success of the transition and the firm determination to map the new track.
Surprisingly, in addition to the high volume of green business, retail aum increased at a rate of 18.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and non-traditional forms, the financing balance increased at a rate of 13.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with the research assistant in Bowen.
Half-yearly drops of 5bp, but the 22q4 one-season net interest margin increases by 9bp, and the cost of the liability is managed or core contribution is made. The average cost of the 22-year deposit increased by 4bp compared to the 22-year deposit, but the average cost of the individual time deposit dropped by 30bp compared to the same year, compared to the average rate of the 2022 national newly absorbed time deposit.
In a more powerful context, the importance of cost-control of liabilities in alleviating the pressures of narrow net interest differentials has increased. Questions: Roe was equal, asset quality improved - 2023/ asset quality remained stable and risk control in focus areas was working well.
22q3 dropped by 1bp, raising the rate of concern by 2bp, and the rate of overdue by 3bp over 22h1. Of this, the share of public premises open to total assets increased by 0.1 pct (0.2 pct less than at the beginning of the year), while the rate of bad loans to public housing property fell by 55 bp. The balance of local government financing platforms ' debt to total assets decreased.
The strategy is reflected in the statement, and the perceived “circumstance” of 2022 is a common manifestation of industry, with the economic recovery accompanied by an improvement in the expected income of the population, and we anticipate the quality of credit card assets.
4. The Bank of Henging (601166.sh) incident review: Large shareholders investment proposal: recovery rate: recovery rate, recovery rate of net interest difference, recovery rate, recovery rate supported by financial operations; recovery rate, recovery rate, recovery rate, recovery rate, recovery rate, recovery rate, recovery rate, recovery rate, recovery rate, recovery rate, recovery rate, recovery rate, recovery rate, recovery rate, recovery rate, recovery rate, recovery rate, recovery rate, recovery rate, recovery rate, recovery rate, recovery rate, recovery rate, recovery rate, recovery rate, recovery rate, recovery rate, recovery rate, recovery rate, recovery rate, recovery rate, recovery rate, recovery rate
Solver: credit is “opened” and reversible over 2022 assets are of stable quality and risk management in priority areas such as property and municipal investment is good; strategic transformation is advanced, \triangleright
Figure 1: Cumulative and year-on-year growth in the performance of Employers as of 2022
Figure 4: Net interest spreads and dismantling of banks as at 2022 Figure 7: Overdue rates of banks as at 2022 Summary of forecast data on corporate financial statements
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.