-Sunshine Power (300274.sz) semi-annual report, 2024, reported rapid growth in performance and significant increase in profitability.
Rapid growth, by branch of operation, generated 13.9 billion yuan in 2023 for electronic power conversions, such as photovoltaic converters Equipment/storage systems/new energy investment development, and 32.42 per cent in the first half of the year, compared to 5.42 per cent in the same year, due to corporate goods
Card premiums, product innovations, scale effects, and project management capacity have been improved. For orders, the company’s high power group of inverters sg320hx, 1+x modular inversions have been widely and deeply applied in various global contexts, contracting with Thailand’s Gulfenergy
3.5 gw light storage supply agreement for the construction of a prototype bar off-grid project for the maala of the Saudi luxury vacation complex (165mw photovoltaic reverse transformer + 160mw/760mwh storage energy system).In terms of products, companies continue to develop innovations and expand product categories and applications,
Launch of a new generation of high-power cluster inverters and household inverters for domestic business users, launch of the first mini-reverse series for the European balconies, and family intelligence.
The largest independent energy storage station in Latin America was signed, 800 mwh with english, 320mw/640mwh with sse, and access to the UK's highest voltage-level power grid.
The High Performance of Light Reservoirs, Profit Resiliency - and the Commercial Cold Reservoir System Powerstack 200cs, which should be widely reported on a global scale, is 2024.04.25.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: The company is a provider of the global first-class photovoltaic inverter and storage system resolution \triangleright, and is expected to benefit from product advantage and increased demand, both at home and abroad.
Risks; risk of price fluctuations in raw materials; risk of recognition of lower-than-expected income; industry \triangleright \triangleright
This report is prepared without the interference and influence of the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. In projecting the evolution of the securities variety or making recommendations on the feasibility of investment securities, I have made the required disclosure and, to the extent I know it, the company, and the stakeholders in the property have no interest in the securities that have been evaluated or recommended.
This report has a risk rating of r4, which is intended only for customers (c4 and above) who meet the requirements for the proper management of investors in Hualong Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”). The company will not be treated as an ex officio customer by any institution or individual who receives the report.