The company's contract for the world's largest storage project is expected to benefit from global storage trends.
Investment rating: superior to the city (maintenance)
On July 15, Sunshine Power announced and Saudi algihaz successfully signed a global maximum storage project with a capacity of 7.8 gwh, with three sites in Saudi Arabia, in the areas of Najran, Madaya and Khamismushait, with delivery starting in 2024, with a new view to full capacity and grid transport in 2025: 1) the global storage capacity is expected to rise.
The demand for transformers has begun to recover, while prices for products have begun to slow down. According to the United States Energy Agency (eia), the United States accumulated reserves for January-May 2.99gw, compared to +309 per cent, and eia estimates that, in the context of the United States reloading season of June, it is expected that the large reservoirs will be 3.09gw, compared to +192 per cent, during this period, the demand for new-market storage units in Asia, Africa and other emerging markets and developing countries will be strong, excluding China, according to the Bureau of Energy (eia), other emerging markets and developing countries, including China.
(emdes) The average annual clean energy investment needs to expand from the current level of about $270 billion to more than $1.6 trillion over the next 10 years in order to achieve net zero emissions, about half of which will be spent on clean energy, electricity grids and storage capacity-building, with Africa-Asia emerging markets as a whole 2) and the company is expected to benefit fully from the growth in demand in the global light storage sector.
One of the milestones of the globalization of business is that the company, as a leading global light-store industry leader, is expected to achieve steady growth in global light-storage demand with the advantage of leading technology and channels. We expect the company to deliver its photovoltaic converter in 2024.
On 15 July, the company announced a successful contract with Saudi algihaz for a global maximum storage energy project with a capacity of 7.8 gwh, with three sites in Saudi Arabia, in the areas of Najran, Madaya and Khamismushait, with delivery starting in 2024, with full capacity running in 2025. The Saudi “2030 Vision” will be effectively enhanced by increasing the stability and reliability of the Saudi electricity grid.
The project, which is equipped with nearly 7.8 million cores to address the challenges posed by transport, will be implemented through the Ems, bms system, which will ensure efficient and safe operation from the core to the system and to the storage power plant. Sun power will also undertake system simulation work and site work during project design and construction.
The secondary power grid is being tested to simulate local grid realities, verify field-level strategic coherence, and ensure secure and stable access to the Saudi electricity grid. The project is expected to achieve a long life cycle of more than 15 years of operation after the grid is connected, guaranteeing stable and efficient benefits for the power plant.
Since the beginning of the year, the European and United States markets have been recovering, the demand for the European and American markets has been recovering, and the prices of the product have begun to rise.
Figure 6: Average monthly prices of our United States Reversers per month (US$/desk) for exports. For the medium to long term, the demand for energy storage in emerging markets such as Asia, Africa and Latin America is high. According to the IEA, excluding China, other emerging markets and developing countries (emdes) need to increase their average annual clean energy investment from the current level of approximately $270 billion to $1.6 trillion over the next 10 years.
Upward, net zero emissions, about half of which will be invested in clean energy, electricity grids and storage capacity-building, and overall, new Asian-African storage capacity figure 8: Monthly United States large storage capacity (gw) companies are expected to benefit fully from the growth in global demand in the light-storage sector in 2024.
The company contracted with Saudi algihaz to secure a global maximum energy project of 7.8gwh, one of the milestones in the global distribution of energy, and the company, as a leader in the world-wide light-storage industry, is expected to achieve steady growth in its performance with the advantage of leading technology and access to the opportunity of growing demand in the global light-storage sector. We expect the company to deliver 155-175gw in 2024, an increase of 19.2 to 34.6% in the same year.
Investment Recommendations: Higher Profit Forecasts, Maintenance of Better than Large Market Ratings, High Price Volatility of Raw Materials, Less Progress of Overseas Repository Capables, Changes in Overseas Trade Policy. Sunshine Power (300274.sz) – Half-Yearly Report Forecast Reviews 2023 – High Increases in Light Reserve Operations, and Significant Increases in Profitability in Second Quarters
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject