(b) Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) % q2 profit growth and significant improvement in cost rates
..with a strong light-voltaic inverter, fully benefiting from volume increases 37.62% Māori, compared to +1.7 pct, mainly benefiting from cost-control capacity ups and ups and downs of overseas companies in comparison with 300 deep trends.
Revenue growth. According to the Sobi Photovoltaic Network, the company won 25gw in 2024, with a market share of 19.2%, the second highest in the country, and a strong industry position. After looking forward, the pattern of photovoltaic reverse competition and prices are relatively stable, and companies are actively pushing the product downside.
With the added-up scale effect and the apparent profitability support, it is expected to benefit fully from the growth of the global photovoltaics. The level of efficiency gains has increased significantly, and overseas orders are expected to be released in the second half of the year, with H1 storage system revenues amounting to $7.82 billion, or 8.3%, mainly in storage system prices.
In the future, the US is expected to move into a interest-reduction cycle, thanks to a reduction in the price of upstream core materials, the company’s promotion of precipitation through product overlaps, and an increase in scale effects.
We expect the company’s share of overseas markets to rise in the second half of the year to support profitability. Given the increase in domestic and European and emerging-market stock sales and emerging-market orders, we turn the firm up.
The storage capacity is less than expected; the order delivery pace is less than expected; and the trade restrictions policy risk is high.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.