Clinical verification impacts were largely eliminated, and Be ' s operations grew rapidly - the Tage Medicine (300347) evaluation report showed an increase of 43.63 per cent: net return to the mother was 301 million and net return to the mother after deduction was 240 million, respectively.
The low performance has been passed, and the return to Māori level is evident. The annual rate of growth in the year 2017 was 43.63 per cent, net of the Jérégoire, and the short-term impact on the company's operations. The Māori rate of company ownership during the reporting period was 43.85 per cent, compared to 43.85 per cent for the same period.
Increased sub-operational offers resulted in a significant increase of 13.96 per cent in the Māori rate for clinical trial technical services operations. _aaa_Pharmacology Bioindustry Investment 2018 Benefited from the Be and Innovative Medicines Project outbreak, where the performance of the main battalion increased significantly
Sub-operations: During the reporting period, the operation of clinical trial technical services achieved revenue of 820 million, a 73.17 per cent increase over the same period, of which the Be operation achieved revenue of 181 million, a significant increase of 191 per cent over the same period. During the reporting period, the company completed construction with 18 hospitals, increasing the number of beds by nearly 1,000, with the first national replication.
The company will benefit greatly from the outbreak of Be operations, which is expected to continue to grow at a high rate over the next two years. 639 million clinical and registered operations, i-iv, were registered during the reporting period, representing an increase of 55.37 per cent over the same period;
The related advisory services generated $826 million, a 20 per cent increase over the same period, of which smo grew by 74 per cent, data management and statistical analysis income by 20.52 per cent, and Fangdabio and cmc operations by 16.11 per cent. As a domestic clinical leader, the company will continue to benefit from receiving more international multi-centre clinical items in the future.
There are currently 52 in-country innovative drug projects implemented by companies, of which 1 ii and 11 are 30, 11 and 11, respectively.
During the reporting period, the company ' s new contracts amounted to 254 million dollars, an increase of 25.9 per cent over the same period; by the end of the year, the public department had established the basis for a high growth in its performance over the next two years.
The company has been active in developing multidisciplinary, global and clinical service capabilities, ranging from pharmaceuticals to medical devices, through M&A integration and the corresponding layout.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: As a domestic clinical pole, the company will continue to benefit from the outbreak of international multi-centre pit beds, domestic innovation drug projects and consistency evaluation be projects for some time to come, along with a stronger outreach.
Risk factors: risk of less than expected exposure to business and increased competition in the market