High performance on schedule, continuing to benefit from the encouragement of Teg medicine (300347) Innovation and consistency evaluation advances
□ Performance: Recovering large clinical operations + the high growth of be + the increase in return for investment The ring performance continued to improve on a single quarter, reaching $512 million (+57.52 per cent) in 2017q4 quarter, $101 million (+146 per cent) in net return to the mother, and continued acceleration. The main reason is: 1) clinical trials.
Revenue from technical services is $820 million (+73.17 per cent), the impact of self-checking for clinical trials has been eliminated, historical contracts have been phased out, prices for newly signed clinical trial contracts have been revised upwards, Māori rates have recovered significantly, clinical testing services have increased by 39.14 per cent, compared with 13.96 pp; Korean affiliates
Ten thousand yuan, or 2041.76 million yuan less than the same amount. (2) Benefited from the evaluation of generic pharmaceutical consistency, the increase in income from Be operations in clinical testing of technical services was significant, resulting in revenues of 180 million yuan (+190.79 per cent). (3) 826 million yuan (+20 per cent) from clinical research-related advisory services, advisory services
□ Finance: The increase in the Māori rate is evident and the overall rate is declining 42.94 per cent, with an increase of 4.91 pp, mainly due to the Māori increase in clinical operations □ policy: encouraging innovation, consistency evaluation into peak be
Since 2017, from the Central Office, the State Office to the Directorate General of Drugs and Pharmacy, encouraging innovation policies, new drug approvals and management of clinical trials are undergoing major changes, and it is expected that new medicines will be produced in the country in the coming years.
At the first peak of clinical and marketing, the company is expected to maintain a high growth in the bedtime business as the leader of the country’s clinical coro business. At the same time, the consistency evaluation is already in the landing phase, with an expected 2018 announcement point: performance is largely in line with expectations and ownership.
The negative effects of clinical self-censorship policies have been phased out and clinical trial technical service operations have resumed.
Three-quarterly reviews: three-quarters performance has increased markedly, and the pace of growth has increased, and as drug review reforms have encouraged innovation, large clinical operations will continue to increase steadily.
Long; the continued advancement of the consistency evaluation will make Be a bright spot for the company's performance over the next two years; at the same time, it is expected that the company's pre-investment fund projects will continue to be withdrawn smoothly in the coming years and will become the firm's bulletin point: confirming a return to high growth and looking forward to it.
In-depth reports: consistency evaluation contribution companies return to high consistency evaluation policies that are not advancing as expected; goodwill impairment risk; business integration risk; no rating - not available because the necessary information is not available, or because the company faces significant uncertainties in terms of unforeseeable results, or for other reasons
This report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are based on open market information, the accuracy of which I know.
There is no guarantee of sex or integrity, nor is there any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. This person has not been, is not, will not be, and will not receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.