High industry performance is expected to continue to improve.
On 19 April, the company released its annual report for 2017, which achieved an increase of 114.01 per cent in operating income of 1,687 million over the reporting period, with net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies netting off non-recurring gains and losses of 240 million pharmaceutical organisms
In 2017, the rise of China’s innovative pharmaceutical industry and the growing global investment in pharmaceutical research and development increased the landscape of the industry as a whole, with companies already implementing 52 domestic innovation projects.
In order to achieve a rapid growth rate of 82,028.7 million for major clinical operations in 2017, compared to 73.17 per cent for Yang Ouwen, of which $18,093.36 million was realized for Be operations, representing an increase of 190.79 per cent, i-
In three ways,1 major clinical operations will no longer be held up by old orders, and Korean subsidiaries will either achieve a profit/loss balance:2 and Jetun Teri will complete a year-long performance contribution:3 and Be is expected to continue to grow at a rapid rate. As a result, the company’s performance may improve.
In 2017, the company achieved a non-recurrent gain or gain of $61.11 million, with a median equity gain of $48.91 million, as the company began to invest and form funds directly from the time it was listed.
This year, the company is expected to earn more than billions of dollars by investing in domestic innovation projects.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Center, 1,000th Hengsheng Da, Lujiang Gate Road, and Fukuda District, Fukuwa 6th tax-free.
China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment (Sichuan)
The client of the company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) does not regard the recipient as a client and not a reader who has no business relationship with the company.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and published, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report on the basis of analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report, based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information, and market performance. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client. Based on the company ' s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, a study on the value of listed companies is consulted with the opinion of a professional finance consultant.
This report and the performance of the company’s future relevant studies.