Tagger Medicine (300347) Medical biology be trial + innovative medicine clinical, sustained high growth in corporate performance, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Summary of performance: The company achieved operating income of $1.69 billion in 2017, an increase of 43.6 per cent in the same year; the net profit of $30 billion was realized for maternity, an increase of 114.0 per cent in the same year; the net profit of $240 million was realized for non-retroactivity, an increase of 146 per cent in the same year; the net profit of eps was $0.60 per cent.
In 2017, the company achieved a high rate of growth in its income, with a high rate of growth. Sub-operational Line: 1) Clinical trial technical services: 820 million yuan, with a similar increase of 250 million yuan, an increase of 20.5 per cent, and medicine 340 million.
The Māori rate, which is 16.1% over the same period, increases the Māori rate for the company as a whole by 5.66 pp over the same year, leading to a much higher rate of profit than the increase in income. The Māori rate for clinical research-related counselling services rose by 1.39 pp over the same year, while Māori for clinical trial technical services increased by 13.96 pp over the same period, mainly after the verification of clinical trial data.
Corporate performance will continue to grow rapidly in the context of the generic pharmaceutical consistency evaluation and the encouragement of innovation. Starting at the end of 2015, cfda launched a new deal series of drugs: clinical trial data verification, generic consistency evaluation,
The reform of the classification system for the registration of chemicals, the licensing system for the listing of medicines, the priority review and approval of medicines, the inclusion of ich, the recognition of overseas clinical test data, etc., has greatly optimized and purified the industry development environment, particularly since the launch of the Innovation Opinions on 1 October, when companies have explicitly benefited from the advancement of the New Deal.
The company has built clinical testing bases with 18 hospitals, increasing the number of beds by nearly 1,000, which will enable company Be operations to break out in 2018. In the area of innovative medicine, the company is currently implementing 52 in-country innovation drug projects, of which 30 are clinical trials in i, 11 clinical trials in ii and 11 companies in ii clinical trials in ii.
More than 100 international multi-centre clinical trials have taken place, and are one of the few home-grown cro firms that can take on international multi-centre clinical trials. As one of the country’s most potential cro firms, we believe that companies will continue to benefit from the national policy dividend and will continue to grow with a high degree of certainty.
In the industry, where industry trends have been determined upwards and are in the early stages of the outbreak, companies, as well as leading domestic high-quality clinical companies, can enjoy high value premiums and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Periods, mergers, and acquisitions do not perform as expected, or create a risk of goodwill impairment.
Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.