The company announced in the first quarter of 2018 that it had achieved operating income of $473 million, an increase of 33.16 per cent.
Ten thousand dollars; 60.86 per cent; eps0.19. □ continued high growth in clinical operations, with returns on investment entering a steady return period.
The analysis is as follows: (1) continued high growth in clinical trial technical service operations: parent company revenues of $188 million, an increase of 80 per cent over the same period (annual report shows new convergences in 2017) and an increase in the Māori rate in clinical operations: historical orders for clinical trials prior to self-checking have been absorbed
After that, the price of the newly signed clinical trial contract has been revised upwards, the Māori rate has continued to rise, and the parent company has made a net profit of 1,284.27 million yuan, or 254.11 per cent more than the previous year; (2) Tetun Teri's operations have been continuously affected by the policy of self-checking of medical devices, with a self-checking of mechanical clinical trials, 2018 q1 and table 7562,400; and Northern medical intelligence and intelligence.
The Māori ratio of 2018q1 rose by 44.93 per cent, from 2.13 pp in the same year, mainly from the Māori policy of clinical operations: encouraging innovation, consistency evaluation into the Bé peak period
Annual report: high performance on schedule, sustained benefits Municipal review approvals and management of clinical trials are subject to major changes and are expected to usher in the next few years with the first peak in clinical and marketing, the company as the leader of the country's clinical coro business, Da Ping.
The bulletin points: Performance meets expectations, and large clinical and be-bed operations are expected to continue to grow at a high rate. At the same time, the consistency assessment is in the landing phase, with a peak of Be-declared in 2018, and the company-be operations are expected to contribute to sustained growth in performance.
The negative effects of clinical self-checking policies have been phased out and the operation of clinical trial technical services has begun to resume.
The pace of growth will increase steadily in large clinical operations as pharmacological reforms encourage innovation policies to move forward, with three quarterly reviews showing a marked acceleration in performance in the third quarter and a long period; and the continued advancement of consistency evaluations will make Be operations a highlight of the company ' s performance over the next two years;
At the same time, it is expected that the company's pre-investment fund project will continue to withdraw smoothly in the coming years and become a corporate rating.
In-depth reports: consistency evaluation contribution companies return to high consistency evaluation policies that are not advancing as expected; goodwill impairment risk; business integration risk; no rating - not available because the necessary information is not available, or because the company faces significant uncertainties in terms of unforeseeable results, or for other reasons
This report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are based on open market information, the accuracy of which I know.
There is no guarantee of sex or integrity, nor is there any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. This person has not been, is not, will not be, and will not receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.