On 4 April, the company issued a performance forecast for the first quarter of 2018, and during the reporting period, the company was placed on the public market.
There is a positive growth trend in major business such as counting and bioanalysis. During the reporting period, the net profit of shareholders belonging to the parent company was $63.6397 million, or $7.447 million, which is consistently higher than last year's q1 base factor. The ring, compared to last year's q4, continues to maintain a high level of profitable water.
Song Honghein, q1 non-recurring gain/loss in 2018, is close to last year ' s full year, and this year ' s return on investment is more than $1 billion. The company achieved a non-recurring gain/loss of $56-60 million in the first quarter of 2018, compared to 6,000-year last year.
The 70 million dollar level gap is no longer significant, mainly because companies have been investing in domestic innovation medicine projects from the moment they were listed, through direct investment and fund-raising, and the harvest period has come, and we expect this year's corporate investment earnings to be increased by the establishment of a subsidiary in Romania and further internationalization.
Division. This new subsidiary will accelerate the implementation of the company’s network layout in Europe, expand its European operations, and actively prepare the Department for large-scale international multi-centre clinical trials. The elimination of negative values is 70.85 times the median, taking into account the company’s scarcity in a share.
The high performance rate in 2018 is expected to result in a certain valuation premium, which will continue to be rated as “increasing.”
Hwang-hseng-hwan, Kikuji Road, No. 1,000, Fuhua, Fukuda District, and Free Trade Experiment, China.
In the 17th method of the Central China Sea International Center, 17th Avenue, the city's conjoining highland, using legally compliant information, this report is presented independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be the same.
The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving this report, the reader with no business relationship with the company is not a client of the company, and the company does not have proper responsibilities. This report is confidential material of the company, such as this, without its public disclosure or consent.
The report is based on information that the company considers to be reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which are subject to change without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.