Performance meets expectations. Clinical cro fly. Tag medicine.
114.01 per cent of the total net profit from deductions is $240 million, representing an increase of 146.05 per cent over the same period.q4 seasons show a gain of $512 million, an increase of 57.52 per cent over the same period, a gain of $101 million over the same period, an increase of 145.59 per cent over the same period, a net profit from deductions and a gain of $70 million over the same period of 1089.6 per cent over the same period.
The growth of Eastern financial and intellectual wealth1 and income profits is on a seasonally accelerated trend, with a strong performance of q4 seasons q4 The company achieved $1.687 billion in revenue for the year 2017, an increase of 43.63 per cent compared to 43.63 per cent and a net return to the mother of $301 million, an increase of 114.01 per cent compared to the previous year.
The main drivers were the gradual decline in the company ' s i-iv clinical operations, the impact of the clinical self-censorship, the rapid increase in the Māori rate, and the rapid growth of the Be operations, which benefited from the progress of the generic pharmaceutical consistency evaluation. The increase was 13.96 percentage points compared to the same period the previous year, and the high growth of the Be and i-iv clinical and registered operations was also the company ' s performance in 2017.
The main drivers of high growth: the Xube operation, which achieved $181 million in 2017, an increase of 190.79 per cent over the same period, whose hypervelocity growth benefited from a rapid advance in the evaluation of generic drug consistency, and a growing volume of company berth orders;
i-iv Clinical, registered operations: 639 million yuan was collected in 2017, an increase of 55.37 per cent over the same period, and the high rate of growth resulted from a significant recovery in the Māori rate of this sector of operations, due to the need for self-censorship of clinical trials, a reasonable increase in the offer for this category of operations and a combination of cost-control measures for the subsidiary dreamcis.
Clinical research-related advisory services increased at a robust rate of $826 million, a 20 per cent increase over the year 2017 and a Māori rate of 48.53 per cent, smo operations: $131 million in 2017, a 74.32 per cent increase over the same period, and the Smo operations in Zhemmer, Zhejiang State, continued to grow at a high rate as client acceptance of crc services increased: data management and statistical analysis operations: $248 million in 2017.
(b) bio and cmc operations: $335 million in 2017, an increase of 16.11 per cent;
Sample analysis techniques, skilled professionals and state-of-the-art equipment, better bio and cmc customer markets in both parts of the United States and the United States, long-term steady growth: the source of financial prosperity in the East.
3) Equity investment gains have been stable, and co-development of the co-processing services has been positive: since the company was listed, it has participated in the creation of several M & As funds for equity investments in projects such as innovative medicines. During the reporting period, the company transferred shares such as Jetong Teri, Shanghai Liddy, Shanghai San-Friends, Sugar Guardians, Pries.
Stable and good returns on investment provide new growth points for corporate performance; on the other hand, the synergies between equity investment and the development of co-services have strengthened the company, mainly because of the faster development of domestic Be operations and clinical trials of innovative medicines.
The cumulative amount of contracts to be executed at the end of 2017 was $2.774 billion, an increase of 38.84 per cent. The rapid increase in the value of new company contracts and the amount of contracts to be executed provided a strong basis for subsequent performance growth.
There is still a lot of room for improvement than in the European and American regions. 3) Three costs: there is a marked improvement in operating efficiency. Corporate sales costs, management costs, financial costs, 2.27%, 16.96%, 0.69%, respectively, compared to the same period last year - 0.69 pp, -2.56 pp, and +0.72 pp. Of this, sales costs are reduced mainly because of the company’s sales team.
Increased efficiency in integrated management; a significant decrease in management costs was attributable mainly to high management costs caused by the company during the same period in the previous year by one-time renovation of the expanded rental output of the main office space, the cost of the preparation period for the new medical equipment assessment and testing centre, while the increase in fixed management costs, such as rent, was faster during the reporting period. The increase in financial cost was due mainly to exchange gains, losses and loan increases resulting from the lower exchange rate of the United States dollar during the reporting period
2 - Short-term investment logic: Big Clinical Blocks continuously warming + Be Business Performance Increase 1) Large Clinical Blocks are warming up, and some companies have improved their operations significantly: Tag Medicine started in 2016 with a new project contract for Big Clinical Operations, taking due account of self-checking requirements and reasonable additions to this category of operations
The working hours offer, which was signed before 2016 with the completion of the project, is gradually reducing the impact on the overall Māori rate of this type of business, while the increased Māori rate has been promoted by various measures such as cost control and contract price escalation against the sub company, which have resulted in a 7.22 incident clinical trial, the impact of self-checking has been phased out, the old orders of the company ' s big clinical section have been gradually absorbed and the Māori rate of the big clinical section has recovered more rapidly during the reporting period.
At about 40 per cent, the panel's up-and-up performance will quickly contribute to the company's performance; From October 2015, Korea's subsidiary, Dreamcis, led clinical trial operations in ii-iii, was in a state of loss as a result of a low-cost, high-quality marketing strategy to increase market share, and during the reporting period the company adjusted its business structure and posted key managers (cfo and cfo)
With the rapid improvement in the operation of the dreamcis, its main business in Korea is expected to be quick to pay off with a net profit of $7.1615 million in the fourth quarter of the reporting period, which represents a decrease of $2,041.76 million compared to the same period in the previous year.
(b) From January 2016 onward, the subsidiary North Medical Ingenuity Service and the Aro Operations in the Cardiovascular Field (Academic Research Organization), influenced by the self-censorship of clinical trials, are currently relatively small, and the market pricing, cost control, quality control, etc. of this type of operation are being refined, with improved operations expected to contribute rapidly to an increase in performance;
Since June 2017, Jetun Teri, a subsidiary, has been working with the main medical equipment, which has been affected by the self-checking of clinical tests. The benefits are currently relatively low, the need for innovations in the benefit medical equipment has increased, and improved operations are expected to result in a rapid increase in performance.) Consistency evaluation has progressed rapidly, and the outbreak has been rapidly reflected.
Since January 2012, when the Department of State initiated the first evaluation of generic pharmaceutical consistency, a number of supporting policies have been in place, and the evaluation of consistency has progressed rapidly, with two batches (17 varieties, 22 acceptance numbers) having passed the evaluation to date. According to policy requirements, the first 289 varieties are expected to be fully evaluated by the end of 2018 (perhaps not fully completed), and be tested as an important part of the later stages of the evaluation of consistency process.
By combining the resources of the parent company, Fonda Medicine, and Caring Tagger, the company built an efficient professional team focused on Be, and the consistency assessment varieties are far ahead of coverage. From the benefit of a positive evaluation policy dividend, the company’s performance has increased in the current reporting period, with a consistent assessment of the non-289 varieties of injections.
The parent company, Tag, has a high-quality, high-level clinical trial service capacity and clinical resources, and Bena’s unilateral advantage is evident. As the be-capacity bottlenecks gradually open, it is expected to provide a significant increase in company performance: since 12017, Teg’s medicine has been built together with 18 hospitals.
The number of beds has increased by nearly 1,000, effectively alleviating the constraints of the Be project ' s clinical resource shortage.2 The Be coalition was formed to address the technical and managerial challenges of the Be project. The ii-iv clinical centres are being built together with hospitals in the country ' s three or four-line cities, and a number of ii-iv clinical research institutions have been developed through the introduction of quality systems and projects, with a view to changing the past business model.
Investing (share participation) in the construction of Hangzhou Jyber, a fully-owned hospital, to be built as a clinical research centre with a strong capacity in the country, which is about to run a Be trial as of the disclosure date of the annual newspaper.
In addition to the technical services for i-Clinical Trials, cmc services and bioanalysing services were provided with a high degree of institutional and client recognition: fda verification through the first molecular bioanalysis in April 2017; cmc audit through fda and six clients in May 2017; Fonda pharmaceutical aid industry, the first American generic, Palosicin, was marketed in 2207; and in 32017, at home.
Two of the first 12 conformity evaluation drugs were served by Fangda: Palosin and Rachuvettin calcium tablets; 4 Tegtex test tests for smooth passage through field reviews of cnas and cma; and 5 national cde centers’ recognition and appreciation of the company’s translation guide. Fonda medicine is expected to ensure a high rate of growth in its performance under the policy dividend of the consistency evaluation, in collaboration with the parent company.
3. Long-term investment logic: Innovative service providers reaping policy dividends, full industry chain layout + strong internationalizers (1) The domestic wave of innovation has started, the cro industry has a very high profile as an innovative service provider, leading companies have benefited notably from the new industries that have developed in the country in the last two decades, and the cro industry as an innovation as a result of the domestic wave of innovation in recent years.
The service provider has gained a very good view, and it is clear that the company benefits from its role as a lead in the country’s clinical cologne, and that clinical trial service operations will be sustained over the long term at a higher rate of growth, providing performance support, and helping the company to develop well.
As domestic innovation policies for pharmaceutical devices continue to be implemented, the overall pharmaceutical environment will move from a “mixing” to an “innovation” where local drug innovation will significantly boost the rapid expansion of the domestic market;
(b) The company can provide research and development technical services and research and development advisory services for the entire process of clinical trials from an innovative drug  to iv and is currently implementing 52 domestic innovation projects, of which 30 are clinical trials, 11 are clinical trials  and 11 are clinical trials iii.
2) The internationalization process is a pioneering step, and overseas operations will be ready in the future, as the globalization of new drug research and development progresses with China in Ich, international multi-centre clinical trials provide a huge potential market for domestic clinical coro companies. The company’s clinical trial technical services are focused on the clinical trials of domestic drug research and development, taking over from international multi-centre clinical trials.
While there is still a gap between capacity and the global clinical giants, in recent years companies have gradually made global deployments, particularly in Asia and the Pacific, through accelerated acquisitions by overseas companies (Republic of Korea dreamcis, United States bdm, etc.) and the establishment of multiple overseas affiliates (Hong Kong, Japan, Singapore, Canada, etc.), and have completed extensive coverage, with companies initially equipped to take over large international multi-centre clinical trials for international multi-centre clinical trials.
Business development provides a good basis for a clear lead in the process of internationalization of clinical trial services over most of the country's clinical cro enterprises, overseas performance 3) advantage in size and scarcity of markets, clinical advice maintains high growth, and companies are able to provide near-complete clinical services such as data management, statistical analysis, smo, medical testing, registration declarations, etc. through M&As, both within and outside the country
Research related advisory services, based on size and market scarcity, is expected to maintain a rapid growth in corporate clinical research-related consultancy operations. Overall, companies can provide a full one-stop service to clients, developing a more sticky client base in conjunction with clinical trial technical services, with obvious size advantages, and increasing corporate performance.
In 2017, the Hangzhou Simmer subsidiary, the central management organization (smo), which mainly provides management services for clinical trial centres, was one of the largest smo companies in the country and focused on providing clinical research institutions and researchers with clinical research (crc) services. In 2017, more than 340 projects were implemented and over 900 employees were employed, with more than 70 per cent of the State ' s Simmer operations maintained in 2017 as a result of a gradual increase in client acceptance of crc services.
(b) The company Smo plate is expected to continue to grow at a high rate as it expands its network layout throughout the country;
As professional teams grow and overseas project experience accumulates, corporate clinical trials abroad will continue to grow steadily in analytical services. The source of financial prosperity in the East will continue to grow.
36.62%, corresponding to 63x, 45x, and 33x. The company is the lead in the country’s clinical cologne, capable of providing i-iv full-time clinical laboratory services (including be) and instrumental clinical trials, and is expected to share a large market in the context of the technological innovation of medical devices, the advancement of the evaluation of generic consistency, the international multi-centre clinical trials, and the stability of clinical trial counselling services, some pre-cro services and equity investment services.
Development-oriented development will contribute to the improvement of the whole industry chain, provide a steady performance contribution, and maintain a “highly recommended” rating. Innovative medicines encourage policies that fall short of expectations; model pharmaceutical consistency assessments do not progress as expected.
One of the seven core members of the new wealth team in 2015 and the third core member of the crystal ball in 2015. M.A. Pharmacology, North, Beijing University.
B.A. in Pharmacology, Beijing University, and Kwan Koko, three years old.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.