Reciprocal feedback on competitiveness, certainty of growth and readiness Investment rating: buy-in (first time) • Pre-emerging advantage + policy dividend, leaping to the top in the world
The company’s pre-positioning advantage of full-licensed pre-positioning of airports + off-island + city duty-free operations, place-flows, entry points, and its efficient transformation of large passenger flows into sales revenue have a scale effect. In 2020, the exit duty-free policy was liberalized, the epidemic’s catalytic consumption accelerated, and the company grew rapidly.
The share of duty-free market sales is 86 per cent, the share of global duty-free market sales is 27.5 per cent, core barriers to scale-based effects are being built, and positive feedback is continuing to build competitiveness.
Corporate prices compare with the 300-percent trend in capacity, while attracting more brands, thereby increasing the number of skus and categories; (2) improving warehousing logistics to improve operational efficiency; and (3) optimizing membership services and increasing consumer stickyness.
The benefits and efficiency of the supply chain will help companies to reduce their efficiency gains, thereby increasing profitability and profits. Higher profit levels will further boost market expansion, M & As scaling, and enhance supply-chain advantages.
• The short-term Hainan epidemic has recovered tax-free elasticity, the international tax-free city of Haiguchi has opened up space for growth, the epidemic improved at the end of September, the under-the-line shop has resumed operations, the Hainan Province has issued tax-free/tourism vouchers, etc., and the average sales for duty-free shopping days from Hainan Island from July to July were over $150 million, (20202021, respectively).
The company's share of the off-island duty-free market is expected to increase further when two major projects are located.
In the short term, after the epidemic has improved, duty-free departures from the island are gradually warming; new growth points are expected to be created after the opening of the International and Inter-Asian Free Cities I and II, raising the company’s share of the off-island duty-free market. In the long run, duty-free airports are expected to recover in a resilient manner when the international tour is gradually liberalized;
Catalysing accelerated recovery in consumption, with policy dividends continuously increasing the firm ' s competitive advantage over time, away from local outbreaks; increased competition in the industry; less than expected operation of new projects; and full distribution of duty-free operations, with more than a step ahead
China’s tourism group, formerly a Chinese tourism service company with limited shares (later called “companies” or “centres”), was granted national tax-free business in 1979, starting with tax-free operations:
(1) Border duty-free shops: The company was founded primarily as a port duty-free shop and established tax-free shops in the main ports and border areas of the country. In 2017-2018, the company acquired 51 per cent of China, Japan and Shanghai, and acquired the right to tax-free access to the Beijing capital airport, the Rainbow Bridge airport, the Pudong airport, core traffic, and growth.
In 2019, the company was granted partial tax-free access to Da Hing Airport, further consolidating the location of the port duty-free shop. (2) Off-island duty-free shops: in 2011, the company established its first off-island tax-free shop in Hainan. In 2020, the off-island duty-free policy was further liberalized, with the company acquiring 51% of the sea-exempt stock taking over three companies.
In 1990, the company established tax-free stores in Beijing, Shanghai, Dalian, and other cities.
In 2019, the company re-established the city’s tax-free shop, which opened in Qingdao, Xiamen, Dalian, Beijing, Shanghai, and in 2021, the company acquired the port of Hong Kong, replenished the tax-free market and laid the groundwork for further liberalization of the municipal tax-free policy.
As of 2022.8, the company runs 123 port duty-free shops, 5 off-island duty-free shops, 11 intra-city duty-free shops and 54 cruise, on-board and off-board supply duty-free stores.
Figure 2 Tax-free shop layout (up to 2022.8) On the one hand, the epidemic has led to a drop in international passenger flows and a significant drop in airport tax-free receipts, from -26.2 per cent in 2019 ~ 2021cagr, from 27.6 per cent in 2019 to 69.5 per cent in 2021.
The ratio of tax-free airport camps to contributions fell from 64.6 per cent in 2019 to 24.9 per cent in 2021.
1.1 Exemption from duty on the island: significant first-hand advantages are the expansion of the shop layout, Seagate, Sanya as the main tourist attraction in the island, and the company's card flow entrance. 2022h1m3 and Seagate, respectively, received 792.74 and 7828 million overnight passengers, representing 25% and 24% of the total, respectively, in the sea.
South Province's main tourist focus is also the main battleground for the flow of tax-exempts. With the release of tax-exempt policies from the island in 2020, tax-exempt businesses have been added to the list of duty-free shops. As of 2022h1, there are 10 tax-free shops in Hainan Province - 3 Ya, 4 in China, 5 in China, 1 in Bo, 2 in Sanya, 2 in Haiguchi, 3 in Bozo.
The advantages are significant, including t1, t2, the Moon Square, one and occupying two major traffic entrances to Phoenix and Melan airports (2022h1 passengers abscond 547.73 and 6,561,300, respectively).
Chart 6 Sanya, Haiguchi's number of overnight passengers (man thousand) and speed increases
Whitesha County, Tunchang County, Chart 7, Three Phoenixs, Melan Airport Passenger toll (man thousand) and Speed Chart 8 out of duty-free stores.
Tria International Tax Free City: Performance contributions, with phase 2 being completed, are expected to further enhance competitiveness. Tria International Tax Free City is the world’s largest tax-free business complex, with the completion of the first phase and the relocation of the former tax-free shop in Sanya City to be opened in 2014.
The development of tax-free islands has led to a steady growth in the operation of the tax-free city of Sanya, which received 25.3 per cent in 2015-2019, 31.7 per cent in the net profit on maternity, and about 20 per cent and 30 per cent in the net profit on maternity, respectively.In 2020, after the liberalization of the tax-free policy on the island, the tax-free city of San Asia achieved $21,353 million (+104.0 per cent).
The net return to the mother is 2,967 million yuan (+108.8%) and the share of the net return to the mother is increased to 40.6%, 48.3%, and becomes the main contributor to the performance. With the completion of Phase II, it is expected that the synergies will further improve competitiveness.
Figure 11 Third International Tax Free City net profit (millions of yuan) and its acceleration (1) Phase I project: 120,000 square metres of construction and 70,000 square metres of operating space (less than 10,000 square metres of operating duty-free shops in the former Three Asian Cities), with a seat dominated by perfumed products, including estee
Lauder, Dior, Chanel, and others, the bs are mainly based on fine items, including Prada, Armani, tiffany, bvlgari. As of 2022q1, the first phase of the project had 642 brands covering 30 duty-free commodity categories.
(ii) Phase II project - Hatoshima: Phase II was built over 65,000 square metres, mainly with taxes and meals, with four thematic areas, each containing several commercial and ancillary building blocks, four thematic areas, from south to north, as a wonderhouse, as well as an international creative museum, an international carnival and an international food fair, with a view to creating an international food fair.
I'm looking at the second phase of the International Free City project, and I'm looking at the third phase of the International Free City project.
Construction began, with a total construction area of approximately 7.65 million square metres for the tax-free project, which is expected to be operational in 2023; and a total construction area of 96,000 square metres for the hotel project, which is expected to be completed in 2026. With the completion of the project, it is expected that the existing Sanya International tax-free city will be expanded, high-end luxury brands will be introduced and the company ' s core competitiveness in tax-free operations will be further enhanced; and
Integrative integration with the Sanya International Free City Project and the Haekoshima Project to enhance synergies between the company’s operations in Hainan Market and to further improve the company’s overall competitiveness in the Hainan Province and in the national and global duty-free market.
Figure 17 Third International Free City, No. 2, Planning Map: Seagate International: The world ' s largest single-size free business, 2022.10.28 External operations are expected to drive further growth in public tax-free operations.
(1) Geographical superiority: the new port passenger hub is designed to accommodate 22 million passengers a year and will become the country’s largest and world-leading port, and is expected to be completed by the end of 2022.
At the same time, Seagate International is located on the west coast’s central business circle, where 20 minutes reach the sea mouth core, half an hour across the Straits of Jonglei, and two hours across the island, effectively reaching the island’s tourist consumers.
Figure 20 International Traffic Network near Exempt City Chart 21 International Free City Radiation Map (2) Largest tax-exempt entity in the world: 3.24 million m2 of land planned for this project, divided into six projects
Land parcels, including commercial, residential, business facilities, and hotel plots. The tax-free plates are located in the five blocks, with a building surface of 25,58 million m2, and will become the largest tax-free market in the world.
In a complex combination of multiple industries, the project to build commercial poles for tourism shopping in Asia is expected to be tax-free. 1.2 Airports are expected to be tax-free: to occupy the main channels, to be more risk-resistant, to occupy the main international passenger traffic entrances.
17 of them have established exit/exit/exit duty-free shops, including Hong Kong Airport, Pudong Airport, Capital Airport and White Cloud Airport, with a capacity to effectively reach large international consumption groups.
The epidemic has affected international passenger flows, and companies have reduced rent costs by re-signing with Shanghai, the capital, and White Cloud Airports. After the outbreak in 2020, international passenger traffic at airports fell sharply, tax-free policies were liberalized over the island, the epidemic accelerated the return of consumption, tax-free discharges from the island increased, and duty-free sales at airports fell from 64.6 per cent in 2019 to 23.2 per cent in 2022q1.
The company’s dependence on airport channels has diminished, and in order to guarantee its own profits, it has signed tax-free agreements with Shanghai Airport, Capital Airport, and White Cloud Airport. Shanghai Airport: rents have been changed from “downward, topless” to “downward, top” and risk-resistant.
Under the original agreement, if the actual monthly sales were raised to <month base sale, then the actual monthly sales would be raised to delivery rent; on the other hand, the actual monthly sales would have been raised to the extent that they were “downhill, topless”, which would have been more favourable to Shanghai Airport. Under the new agreement, if the actual monthly international passenger flows were 80% actual international passenger flows per month in 2019, then the actual monthly sales would have been sold.
On the other hand, the monthly bottom sales raise = 12 months of the year's bottom sales, i.e., “downwards, tops”, where international passenger flows, which affect companies more than the epidemic, have led to a significant reduction in airport tax-free revenue, under the original agreement, the company has to pay the floor.
Rent, with relatively rigid costs, can lead to a significant decline in the profitability of companies. Under the new agreement, passenger flows are not restored as expected, rent costs are reduced accordingly, cost pressures are reduced to some extent, and risk resistance is improved.
Real international passenger flow per month per month per month in 2019 per cent per month
The reconciliation factor x area adjustment factor, in which the term “extracting from the current year's bottom sales” is determined in the following order: “per capita contribution” is set as the per capita contribution level by reference to 2019
(1) If the actual international passenger flow (x) in the current year is greater than the corresponding minimum in the current year in the following table, then the corresponding annual base sales for the year are raised to a “passenger flow adjustment factor” based on the actual international passenger flow in the same month as in 2019.
(2) If the actual international passenger flow (x) for the year is less than or equal to the minimum value of the respective high passenger-flow zone for the current year in the following table, then take the corresponding annual base sales of the x area
The ratio of the ratio of “area factor” to the total area of the duty-free site by the actual area of operation (3) if the annual actual international passenger flow (x) after 2022 is in
Within the corresponding interval between 2019 and 2021, the annual base sales for the corresponding year ranged from less than 10 per cent to more than 70 per cent, respectively, from a high to a low deceleration factor, when the area actually opened as a proportion of the total area of the duty-free space
Proposing formula: Annual bottom sales up = corresponding annual bottom sales
On the basis of the 2019 Shanghai airport tax-free passenger unit price of about $400, international passenger traffic recovered in 2023 to about 120% in 2019, with actual monthly sales exceeding the base rent, after which rent levels equal to sales would reach the bottom rent, and then the bottom rent would be the upper limit. International passenger traffic recovered at 20% to 120%.
Rent relief has gradually narrowed with the recovery of passenger flows, and has been gradually expanded, with monthly rent relief ranging from $180 to $440 million.The rent levels under different agreements are measured when international passenger flows in figure 312023 compare to different recovery levels in 2019
White Cloud Airport: Unlike Shanghai Airport, the company's new agreement with White Cloud Airport to charge the transfer fee for business rights remains the same, i.e., the monthly reserve fee (the base monthly sales amount x the contractual percentage) is raised to a higher level than the monthly sale amount of the original agreement, adjusted only for the monthly bottom sales, fixed monthly passenger ratio factor and monthly real value
The international area coefficient. 2020 - 202h1, the cost of rent payable by companies under the new agreement to White Cloud Airport at $480 million, the amount of $1.22 billion required under the original agreement to cover the floor rent, could be recovered by $740 million.
The policy has been gradually liberalized, with tax exemptions in the city opening up new opportunities.
In Shanghai, Beijing, Shenzhen, Guangzhou, etc., duty-free shops have been supported in the city by policies to promote duty-free shops in the city. Intra-city exemptions can effectively complement the airport’s tax-free operation, improve consumption experience, and build on Korean experience, and the 2009-2019 tax-free sales have been growing rapidly with policy support and tourism development.
Cagr is 21.5%, and the size of the tax exemption in the city is about 90%. With the further implementation of the tax exemption policy in the city, our tax-free market in the city is expected to unleash its great potential.
Figure 35 The size of the South Korean tax-free market first announces the tax-free shop in the city, which buys a supplement to the tax-free shop in Shanghai.
Tax-free shops have been opened, companies acquired Hong Kong Central Tours in 2021, re-entering home-based duty-free shops, and upgrading the full range of tax-free shopping experiences of expatriate and Hong Kong-Australian travellers.
The two-scale effect builds core barriers, and positive feedback is that the strong and the strong are always on top of them. Core geography is scarce and monopolistic, and, according to chapter 1, companies preposition core geographical positions with full-licensed, multi-channel pre-positioned positions.
The supply chain advantage has been enhanced by, inter alia, the efficient transformation of large passenger flows into sales income, which has resulted in: (1) an enhanced bargaining power with brands while attracting more brands, thereby increasing the number of skus, categories of goods, (2) improved warehousing logistics, improved efficiency of operations, and (3) optimized membership.
Services, increasing consumer stickyness. The scale effect and supply chain efficiency enhancement enablers reduce efficiency gains, thereby increasing profitability and profits. Higher levels of profitability further promote the expansion of shops, M&As, and scaling up effectiveness.
Figure 38 Core competitive advantage Airfield operations have declined, duty-free off-island policies have been liberalized, and duty-free off-island operations have become a new growth point for companies. In 2021, companies sold 27.5 per cent of the global duty-free market, the world's number one, and the national duty-free market.
The company, with its pre-emptive advantage, speeds up tax-free operations off the island, expands its doors, while continuously optimizing the supply chain system and consolidating its competitive advantage. Figure 41 Shares in the domestic duty-free market (2021)
Figure 40 Global duty-free market share (2021)
2.1 The size effect is self-evolved, with quantitative and price advantages The direct extraction model, with brand numbers and price discounts, leads other domestic tax-exemptors. Most of the other tax-exempts are procured through international tax-exempts, companies build scale effects through pre-emptive advantages, compared with other domestic tax-exempts.
Branders have established long-term partnerships, adopted direct mining models, and have a better advantage: (1) number of brands and types of goods: tax-free channels are free of high import duties on luxury items such as perfume, tobacco and alcohol, watches and jewellery, compared to general trade patterns, and are therefore more favourable at the price level.
Luxury goods, such as fashion apparel, have become the mainstream of tax-free channels. Companies, through direct branding, have further guaranteed the quality of their products and have a more competitive advantage.
The company is expected to share the dividends of the growth of the luxury market by liberalizing its policy and accelerating its consumption. In 2019, the epidemic affected airport passenger flows by a significant drop in 2020, with airport duty-free shops being the main conduit for tobacco and alcohol revenues falling from 22% in 2019 to 5% in 2020.
The liberalization of the off-island tax-exempt policy, the increase in the personal tax-exempt amount from 30,000 yuan/year to 100,000 yuan/year, the increase in consumer demand for higher-priced fashion items and accessories, and the acceleration of the company's introduction of this category, 2020.12 - 2022.3, the change in the number of brands of the various categories of goods in chart 46
Figure 47 shows a ratio of income among the various categories of goods to the 1208 brands of 2022q1, far higher than other tax-exempt companies in the country, in the first line of international tax-exempters. As a result of the saturation of existing off-island duty-free shops, there are bottlenecks in brand introduction and passenger reception.
According to the presentation in 1.1, Seagate International Tax Free City is expected to open in 2022.10.28, and Sanya International Tax Free City is expanding, and companies are expected to further introduce luxury brands and upgrade their purchasing-side advantages. (2) Prices: global tax-free operations are under pressure as a result of the 2020 epidemic, and domestic off-island tax-exempt policies
Unlocking, with its pre-existing advantages and scale effects, the company has grown rapidly, with tax-free sales rising to the highest level in the world, further increasing its bargaining power vis-à-vis suppliers, and raising the return of suppliers from $368 million to 939 million in 2019-2021, which is also significantly better than that of other tax-exempters in the country.
Figure 51 Comparison of prices of popular make-up products across tax-exempt platforms Figure 50 Vendor kickbacks (billions) 2.2 Storage logistics systems are improving and digitalization is improving supply chain efficiency
The company has the only free logistics delivery system in China that covers the whole country. It has established seven major customs regulatory logistics centres in Dalian, Qingdao, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Sanya, Hong Kong and Beijing, and has built a modern “one-size-fits-all” logistics distribution centre at the mouth of the sea - the China-China International Logistics Centre project, one of which is used in the first phase of the project.
The project is expected to improve the efficiency of logistics distribution, address the lack of best-selling goods, and step up the customer experience and enhance the company’s competitiveness in off-island tax exemption.
Introduction of a digital inventory management system to improve efficiency. The company's introduction of a digital warehouse management system closely monitors the movement of goods in the supply chain, the intelligent planning of the best logistics routes, the continuous reduction in the time taken to transport goods to retail stores and from warehouses to airports, and the year 2021's lead days in the world's head-line tour retailers.
In addition, the company uses automated inventory monitoring and replenishment systems for big data analysis at its doorsteps that not only replenish stocks in a timely manner, but also respond quickly to changes in market trends and consumer preferences, accurately match consumption requirements by 2.3 speed-up channels and integrate membership systems.
In 2019, the company set up a new retail business department to facilitate the booking of priority airports, and tax-free shops such as Beijing, Shanghai, Hangzhou, Hainan have become the next-to-line sales model. The 2020 epidemic prompted the company to accelerate the construction and improvement of several online platforms, such as "cdf buy-outs" .
To compensate for the decline in offline traditional operations caused by travel restrictions, companies received $246, 319 (+29.7%) in 2020-2021. The epidemic changed their consumption habits, the epidemic was expected to be sustained, the company was active in piloting and strategizing on-line integration platforms, and the company continued to do a great deal of good work on-line operations.
Figure 55: Comparison of main online platforms, development of a unified assembly platform to dig deeper membership values. 2021.2 completed the deployment of a centralized crm system, further integrated the assembly system, and established an off-line, off-the-road, internal and external connectivity.
An integrated platform has been created to share interests. The assembly system consists of big data analysis and artificial intelligence technology that allows companies to effectively analyse and visualize consumer preferences and to assess market trends in a timely manner and improve the level of service provided to their members. 2.4 Based on the experience of Hong Kong, competitive advantages remain after closure.
2020.6 The Hainan Free Trade Port Construction General Programme was launched, which established Hainan Island '2025 as a closed port for self-trade. According to Shen Thanyang, Vice-President of Hainan Province, at the annual meeting of the Boao Asia Forum, “Hinanan self-trade port seals do not operate as Hong Kong and Singapore do, and they operate primarily for goods and transport.
Losing instruments and postage items are subject to a system of regulation and regulation of `first-line liberalization, second-line containment'.” We believe that the liberalization of domestic tax-exempt policies in the past took a gradual approach, avoiding excessive shocks, and that Hainan Island would be able to properly liberalize licensing restrictions after closure, but that licensing advantages would remain.
In extreme cases, Hainan Island will introduce island-wide tax exemptions for a certain period of time after the closure, with full competition between tax-exempt and retailers, and with Hong Kong ' s development experience, with large retailers with a more competitive position in core geographical location, a rich group of goods, and a high quality of services.
Supply chain barriers, 2022.8 companies went to Hong Kong to raise HK$15.89 billion to scale up and improve the supply chain, and under positive feedback, the barriers to competition are expected to deepen further and form the basis for subsequent full-scale competition.
3 duty-free taps continue to contract deep, with the potential for 3.1 duty-free release in the future, airport duty-free waiting for the construction of the foundations of the Triad Bay 3.1.1 and Seagate International to create a new growth point
In Hainan Province, the outbreak of disease, isolation and control measures were strengthened, resulting in a 53.7% decrease in the number of overnight arrivals, and the closure of the under-line shop, which affected operations. In late September, the outbreak was effectively brought under control, the under-the-line shop fully resumed operations, and the flow gradually resumed.
But before the outbreak, Henan Province stimulated tax-free consumption by offering duty-free/tourist consumer vouchers, tourist attractions, hotel discounts, etc., and helped to revive the tax-free market. The company introduced multiple points, reduced gifts, time-scratch purchases, exclusive suites, etc., to stimulate tax-free consumption.
The tax-free city of Sanya estimates its income: as the epidemic resumes and various measures stimulate it, the number of visitors to the island and the amount of the tax-free sales are expected to recover.
In 2023, it is expected that the foreign business will increase significantly, with the prospect of introducing a luxury brand, which will lead to a tax-free shop at the San Phoenix Airport, with an initial area of about 800 m2, with international first-line tax-free brands such as those located at the Ashlande, Dio, Sea Blue, Sk-ii, Life Hall, Langu, St. Roland, etc.
It covers such items as perfume, bags, watches, jewellery and alcohol, and is open to the outside world at 2020.12.20. The San Phoenix airport duty-free shop, using the “buy-on-take” model, makes it easier for airport tourists to shop off the island.
The tax-free stores at 2022 - 2024 phoenix airports earn $6.83, 10.75, and 1,484 million, respectively.
In view of the price and conversion rates of duty-free passenger units in Hainan Province, it is estimated that 2022 - 2024 will be tax-free, respectively, penetration = shopping = (the number of passengers spending the night at Sanya + Sea Pass)
Revenue from tax-exempt shops under the Sea: (1) Revenue from tax-exempt shops at Meran Airport: 2021.12.2 formal delivery of the second phase of the airport, design passengers; throughput from 15 million to 45 million; additional tax-exempt area of 9313 m2; introduction of class watch;
A number of international luxury brands, such as Shao Bong, Irmas and others, have improved the epidemic, passenger traffic, conversion rates, passenger unit prices are expected to enter (2) Revenue from the tax-free shop at the Day Square of the Seagate: the tax-free shop at the Moon Square of the Seagate is located in the cbd nuclear heart area of the city of Seagate, and the first/second phase is opened in 2019.1.19.2019.6.1 with a combined area of 22,000 m2.
One project introduced nearly 200 internationally renowned cards such as estéelauder, Lancôme, Shiseido, Sk-ii, while the second project further attracted a large number of international fashion brands, including burberry, valentino, alexandermcqueen, tod's, and chloé.
The opening of the International Free City of Haiguchi has played a part in the diversion, and we expect 2022-2024 Seagate Moon Square to be free of taxes of $50.68, 73.08 and $9.707 million, respectively. (3) The tax-free shop of Joan Hae-Hae-Hae-Hae-Hae-Hae-Hae-Hae-Hae-Hae-Hae-Hae-Hae.
Given that the traffic is much lower than that of Sanya and Haiguchi, we expect a tax-free shop of 2022 - 2024 in Chonghai at $510, 612 and 673 million, respectively.
3.1.2 The outbreak affects airport duty-free pressure, flexible recovery of passenger and passenger traffic: in 2022, affected by the Shanghai epidemic, a significant drop in passenger flows, recent entry and exit policies have released multiple benefits, border tourist groups have the flexibility to choose the point of entry and exit, and Macao has resumed its visit to Australia in November
International passenger flows are expected to recover gradually to 57% and 74% of 2019. (2) Portfolio prices: the Shanghai epidemic of 2022 caused disruptions in logistics, supply chains, and could result in a shortage of best-selling products, with some impact on passenger unit prices.
It is hoped that the airport will develop tax-free, further upgrades the commodity category, leading to higher unit prices. (3) Direct mail: the Shanghai epidemic of 2022 blocked logistics, supply chains, and had a definite impact on online operations. Companies are actively piloting and strategizing on business trends in the post-epidemiology era.
Capital Airport & Da Xin Airport Revenue Measurement: The Impact of the Big Hing Airport Diversion: Beijing Dae Hing International Airport Positioning Large International Hub, 2019. Mainly to address overloading of the capital airport. Summer and autumn 2021, Da Hing Airport Conversion Basic
It is planned that the Beijing Capital International Airport will achieve the target of 82 million passenger tolls through the “promotion efficiency” rehabilitation programme and that the Beijing Daesing International Airport will achieve the target of 45 million passenger tolls by 2021 and 72 million by 2025, respectively, representing 42 per cent and 47 per cent, respectively.
Revenue measurement: We believe that the revenue projections for the capital airport are similar to those for Shanghai, but considering the diversion of the airport, we expect that passengers at the capital airport will account for 56.6 per cent, 56.0 per cent and 55.6 per cent of the total of the two airports, respectively, and that incoming and outgoing passengers will return to the capital airport brigade, respectively
The rate of revenue growth at the airport is stable and profitable.
(2) In 2020, due to the impact of the epidemic on the decline in airport passenger flows, the company seized the opportunity to liberalize tax-free off-island policies and speed up tax-exempting out-of-island efforts to close the airport tax-exempt income gap, while actively developing online channels to achieve business replenishment, with tax revenue of $19.708 billion in 2020, an increase of 161.2 per cent over 2019, and an increase in revenue from 2 per cent over 2019
Māori ratio: after the company's acquisition in China and Shanghai, the tax-free commodity procurement channels have been consolidated and the share has increased significantly, delaying the Māori rate; (2) exemption license plates from the island have been increased, new tax-exempters have adopted a high discount strategy to capture market share, resulting in companies being forced to lower the Māori rate. We believe that the subsequent Māori rate has been reduced.
The increase will be gradual, mainly because: (1) the tax-free Māori rate is higher than the tax-free Māori rate, companies accelerate the release of the tax-free from the island, and when the epidemic improves, the tax-free income ratio will lead to an increase in the Māori ratio; (2) 1 supplier will not tolerate high tax-free discounts for long periods of time in order to maintain brand image and profit levels, and the competitor's low-price strategy will not be long.
In order to stimulate consumption, the branding side of the epidemic will implement a low-price promotion strategy, which will raise prices when the epidemic improves; and (3) companies will continue to improve their purchasing capacity and achieve lower-cost efficiency gains. This is mainly due to a sharp increase in rent costs following the company’s acquisition of China and Shanghai.
Since then, the flow of passengers at airports has declined significantly, companies have re-signed tax-free agreements with the capital airport, Shanghai airport, White Cloud airport, reduced the rent-free rate and reduced the sales rate to 5.7 per cent in 2021.
(2) Management cost rates: corporate management efficiency continues to improve, management costs continue to stabilize from 2016 to 2020. Digital construction continues to optimize supply chain management capacity. Management cost rates are expected to remain stable. (3) Financial cost rates: companies have a strong cash flow, operating cash flow/income is maintained at over 100 per cent,
In 2019, Shanghai net interest rates were 10.7 per cent and Shanghai net interest rates were 3.7 per cent. The off-island net interest rate was better than the airport duty-free shop and Sanya net interest rates were maintained at 11.7-13.6 per cent.
With the opening of the city’s first phase two, it is expected that new growth points will be created to raise the company’s share of the off-island duty-free market. In the long run, with the gradual liberalization of international tourism, airport duty-free operations will be expected to recover flexibly; the epidemic will accelerate consumption returns, policy dividends will continue to increase the firm’s competitive edge, and tax exemptions from the island are expected to unleash further potential.
Local outbreaks have been repeated: Omikium has become more contagious, causing repeated outbreaks in some parts of the region, which may lead to a further delay in the flow of tourists from the island and the liberalization of immigration policies, affecting the development of tax-free operations. Industry competition has intensified: if tax-exempt licences are further relaxed, tax-exempters may take their share of the market.
Price wars have led to volatility in the company’s operations. The new project is not operating as expected: Seagate International Free City is operating at 10.28, and there is greater uncertainty about the climb period, which can lead to less business than expected.
Risk of exchange rate fluctuations: Corporate purchases are paid mainly in United States dollars or euros, and the international political situation is shaken, which may lead to a significant depreciation of the renminbi exchange rate and a decline in the Māori rate.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.