Three issues of retail retail retail tourism in commerce and commerce: Cooperation in Taigu Real Estate is expected to introduce luxury. 10 October, co-founded by China Free Investment Development Co. Ltd.
China-China Investment and Development Co. Ltd., which was established on September 28, 2022, with a registered capital of 2.5 billion yuan, is represented by a legal person (sub-general, secretary) and covers business complex management services, business management consulting, property management, etc.
Before that, it was co-owned by the Central Free Investment and Macros Ltd., which held 50% of the shares.
In Hong Kong, China, and in Miami, Jakarta, Indonesia, and Ho Chi Minh City, Viet Nam, there are investment projects in Hong Kong, which currently cover 1.62 million square metres and 1.68 million square metres of the interior. The company's Toku Square, located on Golden Bell Road, Hong Kong, is one of the most successful integrated developments in Asia.
Total market value/flow (million yuan) is one of the industries. The Taigu Group’s projects in the interior are managed entirely by the company.
Tax shopping malls, hotels, hotel-style apartments, etc., are diversified, with exemption from previous tax-exempt operations, lack of experience in integrated property management at tax-based malls, and exemption from Chinese property (601888).
Report: Global retail tourism taps, advantaged properties have good partnerships with high-luxury brands.
Biennium Consolidation - 2022/10/20 - succeeded in attracting top international brands, including Hong Kong Taigu Square, Chengdu Ocean Taigu, China Middle and Middle and Middle China (601888).
The company has been working with the International Luxury Group for more than 30 years, with good partnerships, and with projects built and managed by the company that are more than expected. - 2022/07/28
With the approval of the Luxury Goods Group, it is expected that it will contribute to the elimination of three high-luxury brands in Seagull Bay, China's exemption from the White Cloud Airport tax exemption, China's exemption from the third phase of Seagull Bay.
Land set up, totalling 511 acres, of which ht05-08-01 plots are of a retail commercial nature, accounting for 311 acres of land, with a significant industrial-led retail business project. The east side of the plot is Sanya International Free City Phase II and Phase I projects, presumably with ht05-08-01
It is a target block for the development of the three-phase project for the construction of the Sanya International Free City. Investment proposal: three-stage exemption is a tax-based business complex, which, in position, is close to one or two, is expected to benefit from off-island duty-free operations.
Many of the restrictions on tax exemption are expected to lead to the introduction of a richer brand, especially the arrival of luxury brands. In terms of the product category, tax-free operations were previously subject to customs control approval and lengthy processes, leading to the elimination of three new issues from Seagate Bay: cooperation with ancient properties is expected to introduce extra luxury.
The lack of timeliness, the development of a tax business, and the increased mobility of commodities have facilitated the expansion of seasonal, highly sensitive and sophisticated product groups. In addition, cooperation with the ancient estates is expected to bring fresh blood to merchants on the one hand, and the combination of business on the other hand.
The impact of the August epidemic in China and South China has not been completely eliminated, and the convening of several national epidemics and major conferences has resulted in a certain suppression of the movement of people, which is expected to result in a significant decline in performance in the third quarter.
Current stock prices have largely fully reflected expectations. In the medium and long term, the core advantages of the exemption remain the same, especially after the opening of phase two and three of Seagate International, Triya I-2 and Phoenix Airport, the channel advantages have been further consolidated and the scale advantages have been further enhanced.
Good ridding the tourism retail industry of its vanguard, profit projections and financial indicators: Medium Free Sea Bay: Three issues: cooperation with ancient properties is expected to introduce extra luxury.
Three issues of the Bay: Cooperation with Taigu properties is expected to introduce heavy luxury; Three issues of Cooperation with the Bay are expected to introduce heavy luxury; One and Three editions of the Overview of the Bay are expected to introduce cooperation with the Bay.
On October 10, China Free Investment and Development Co. Ltd., the China Free Investment and Development Co., Inc., co-founded the Sanya Free China Investment and Development Corporation, which was established on September 28, 2022, with a registered capital of 2.5 billion yuan, and a corporate representative who is a permanent member of the armed forces.
General and Secretarial), which covers business complex management services, business management consulting, property management, etc., are currently held by the Central Investment Free, Co-owned and 50 per cent each by the Macro Corporation, which is ultimately controlled by Taigu Corporation. Taigu Corporation is a subsidiary of the British-Taeco Group.
The main operations are in air services and aeronautical catering, aircraft engineering, property investment and development, hotels, industry, trade, shipping and insurance, including such institutions as Tegau Estates Ltd., National Thai Airlines and Tegau Coca Cola. Tegucigalpa Ltd. (1972.hk) is listed in the Hong Kong stock market and is dedicated to the development and management of commercial, retail, hotel and residential property.
The development strategy focuses on the development of integrated property projects at major transport interfaces. The portfolio of investment properties of the ancient properties in Hong Kong, China, is centred on Tagu Square, Taigu House, and another city.
2. Cooperation with Tai Chi Estates has helped brands to introduce and manage and upgrade their properties with rich experience in large-scale integrated property management. Taigu Estates, established in 1972 and operating in Hong Kong, China’s interior, has investment projects in Miami, Indonesia, and Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, and currently manages 1.62 million Hong Kong Ping.
The company’s Taco Square, located on Golden Bell Road in Hong Kong, is one of the most successful integrated development industries in Asia. The Taco Square, which was inaugurated in 1990, includes a large shopping mall, a writing building, hotel homes, three hotels and parking lots.
With the exception of three hotels, the entire Taco Square is owned and managed by the Taigu property, which holds 20% of the shares in the Marriot Hotel, the Hongry Hotel, and the Hong Kong Island Shangri-La Hotel. The Tegu Group is fully managed by the company. The three-phase exemption is expected to be a diversified complex of taxes, shopping malls, hotels, hotel-style apartments, etc.
There is a lack of experience in property management, and collaboration with ancient properties helps to improve management capacity. There is a good relationship between ancient properties and high-luxury brands.
The project is about to open, and lv has been included in the first visits. The company has been working with the International Luxury Goods Group since Taigu Square for more than 30 years, has a good partnership, has been recognized by the Luxury Goods Group for projects that companies have built and managed, and is expected to help avoid the introduction of three high luxury brands in Seagu Bay.
On 22 September, two construction sites in Sanya Sea Bay, with a total capacity of 511 acres, were built on three-phase construction phases, of which ht05-08-01 parcels were of a commercial nature and covered 311 acres of land. The maximum capacity of the plot was a retail commercial project with a significant industrial impact.
1.0, to measure the maximum programmable building space of approximately 2,074,000 square metres, with a total start price of $13.735 million on the ground, which, in terms of competing buyer eligibility requirements, is not less than $10 billion in capital registered by the competitor or his affiliated business in Hainan, and the financial position to date needs to be satisfied: 1 asset liability rate of no more than 70 per cent after pre-collection and 2 net liability rate of no more than 100 per cent,3
Figure 3: Location of the Sanya Sea Bay construction on September 22th. Three issues of the Bay: Cooperation with Taigu properties is expected to introduce extra luxury. From the position of the land, the east side of the plot is Sanya International Free City Phase II and Phase I, presumably ht05-08-01.
This is a target block to be exempted from developing the three-phased project for the construction of the Sanya International Free City. HT05-05-01/03/04 3 plots of land, totalling 1,33418 square metres (approximately 200 acres), are to be used for the construction of the Bay: cooperation with the ancient properties is expected to introduce extra luxury.
Ten thousand yuan, or approximately $11158 per square metre of floor space, the land competitor or his affiliated business must have its headquarters in Hainan Province, with a registered capital of not less than 10 billion yuan, and must have or promise to invest in a retail commercial complex of more than 100,000 square metres in Sanya.
The distance between ht05-05-01/03/04 and ht05-08-01 is limited to Lin Wang Avenue.
According to Bann’s advisory data, China’s consumption of luxury goods in 2021 accounted for 13% of the total consumption of luxury goods in China, and Hainan became a sacred place for non-negligible consumption of new luxury brands. It is now at roughly the same level as Beijing and Shanghai, with annual consumption of between $50 billion and 60 billion.
In Henan Province, in October 2020, a detailed plan for the control of the Sanya Bay National Coast Leisure Park was launched, positioning the Bay as a national coastal, international tourist resort. The Bay embodies three core functions, including an internationalized one-stop tour destination, an international tourism consumption centre based in the South Sea, and a regional service centre based in the southern part of Sanya Radiological Province.
In February 2022, the Hainan Provincial Development Commission issued a project investment plan for priority (significant) projects for 2022 in Hainan Province, in which, in addition to the three phases of Sanya International Free City, it included the Sanyaskp project, the Sanya Bay Super Vientiane Hole project, and, according to official and public names, the distribution of projects such as UBP, IME and others.
The city project has entered the field phase, and the design of the tender has been launched.2 The Hua Yu Super Vientiane project, the Hua Yu Super Vientiane project, part of the land is listed.
The land area is 10.29 million square metres (approximately 154 acres), with a starting price of 952 million yuan. The plot is a retail commercial blended restaurant mixed recreational and financial land, with 47 per cent retail commercial land, 25 per cent catering land, 18 per cent recreational land and 10 per cent commercial and financial land, and a proposed retail commercial project with a significant industry-led impact.
From the tender documents at Bay, we learned that the whole project, in addition to the Great Vientiane business complex, includes Waterfront Street, luxury hotels, electric galleries, boat wharfs, and the World Pyrotechnic Show, which brings together the full range of shopping + food + accommodation + entertainment.
Three issues: cooperation with ancient properties is expected to bring in a lot of luxury.
In 2002, the first Vientiane City was born in Shenzhen and became China's most exemplary shopping centre. Twenty years ago, Vientiane City was distributed in more than 20 cities: Shenzhen, Hangzhou, Shenyang, Chengdu, Wuhan and Nanning.
Vientiane, as the shopping center with the highest luxury brands in the country, attracts many world-renowned brands. Three issues of Bay China Sea: cooperation with ancient properties is expected to introduce luxury three, and a luxury brand is open in the country.
International branding is often a major decision, and it is a result of negotiations between groups and multiple brand sectors. Global layout strategies, national/urban macro-economics, the prosperity of retail markets, consumer brand identity and purchasing power, related brand performance, the ability of partners to operate, the context of specific projects and the terms of cooperation, form an integrated multi-dimensional approach.
We analyzed the opening of four top brands in the mainland region, starting with a combination of consumer capacity and regional layout of the local population on the site. Beijing, Shanghai, as the domestic political and economic centre, all brands have opened a number of shops, and the Eastern Region, the Long Triangle, the Pearl Triangle, as the best economic belt for the country’s economic development, have become the preferred brand.
From the perspective of the partners, branders tend to choose the top realtor of the regional layout. The top realtor’s many years of experience in integrated business management, with a high national profile, has a certain level of endorsement of the brand shop’s performance.
On this basis, we assume that the luxury brand is expected to open in the form of a tax when entering Hainan market, and that the city does not rule out the simultaneous opening of the Seagate and Sanya. The Seagate site is expected to be located in Vientiane and Seagate International, and Sanya is expected to be free for three months.
It is certain that the construction of the Hainan Trade Port will help China to consume more luxury goods on a step-by-step basis, with a luxury brand that will only be late, not absent, and we'll see.
Three issues of the Bay: cooperation with ancient properties is expected to introduce extra luxury, and three of them are tax-free business complexes, which, by their location, are expected to lead through duty-free off-island operations. From branding, because of the many restrictions on duty-free access, it is expected to introduce a richer brand, especially for luxury brands.
In the material category, tax-exempt operations were previously subject to customs control, lengthy processes, which led to untimely loading of new items, the development of tax operations, and faster mobility of goods, which facilitated the expansion of seasonal and highly sensitive groups of fine goods. In addition, cooperation with the ancient estates is expected to bring fresh blood to merchants, on the one hand, and through the Teenco-based Integrated Business Project, on the other.
The impact of the August outbreak in Hainan has yet to be completely eliminated, the multi-point epidemic and the convening of major conferences across the country have resulted in some repression of mobility, a significant decline in performance is expected in the next three quarters, and the current stock prices are largely fully reflecting expectations in the medium and long term.
The core advantages of the exemption remain the same, especially after the gradual opening of phase two and three of Seagate International, Sanya I II and Phoenix Airport. We continue to see the channel advantages consolidated and the scale of the advantage further strengthened. We continue to look away from being a leader in the retail tourism industry, the epidemic has repeatedly affected passenger flows, and the risk of tightening immunization policies: the risk of exchange rate fluctuations: the risk of tax-exempt policy changes: the return on new projects is not positive.
Three issues of the Bay: cooperation with ancient properties is expected to introduce luxury.
The views expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute a reference to the information in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.