Chinese Central Free Trade and Retail (601888) Rehabilitated after the epidemic, duty-free taps ready for release, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Recommended logic: 1) The domestic duty-free market is vast. The global retail tourism consumer market has grown steadily, and China has gradually become the main global duty-free consumer market. According to Flost Sullivan, by 2026, China's tourism retail duty-free consumer market is estimated at $332.9 billion, the global duty-free market is 743.7 billion yuan.
The company is now the largest tax-free operator in China and the world, with cities exceeding 85%. The pre-epidemiology consumer consumption has led to the development of a tax-free industry, with companies gaining a high rate of tax-free access;
In the aftermath of the epidemic, consumption has returned to the country, while off-island tax-exempt policies have been added, companies have fully benefited from policy dividends, off-island operations have broken out and become the backbone of corporate revenue collection. 3) Full-licensing operations, with strong leadership, are the only tax-free operators in the country that currently have full licence plates and full access, off-islands, ports, etc.
As the world’s largest single-size tax-free shop, the International Free City will begin to operate, will bring new growth to companies, and will further strengthen its position as a leader. As consumer consumption rises, the domestic tax-free market continues to grow.
The consumption of tax-free goods rose from 76 billion yuan in 2015 to 94 billion yuan in 2019, which led to an increase in the price of tax-free households.
Restrictions on entry and exit have led to a return in consumption and a strong rise in duty-free exits from the island. Since the outbreak, entry and exit have been more restricted, with international passenger traffic falling by more than 90%, leading to a clear return in consumption and domestic consumption of luxury goods.
At the same time, the duty-free off-island policy continues to increase, increasing the per capita quota, increasing the range of duty-free goods, liberalizing the method of delivery, increasing the amount of purchases and the number of items purchased almost exponentially, and effectively absorbing the consumption back-to-back generated by the entry/exit restrictions.
The flagship effects highlight the fact that companies benefit fully from the policy dividend. Companies are currently the only duty-free operators in the country with full licence plates and channels, covering the off-island, port, city, and other tax-free channels. On the island, companies operate five duty-free shops in Hainan, occupying two major airports, and are exempt from the Seagate International Free City and Phoenix Airport.
Tax stores will also be operational in the second phase, and companies will benefit fully from the addition of tax-exempt policies from the island and will remain at the forefront. On the port side, companies have tax-exempt shops in nine of the top 10 airports in the country, maintaining steady growth before the outbreak, and are expected to move in and out of the country as the epidemic is effectively controlled.
Step back, duty-free ports will gradually move towards a slow recovery, and company port operations are expected to resume in China (601888): the epidemic affects short-term performance.1 The tax-free industry is a leader and witness to the development of the tax-free industry in China.
The first tax-free business to promote the development of tourism in China was officially launched in 1979. The Chinese tax-free goods company was set up in 1984 to mark the official entry of China's China Free Group into the historical arena.
Each development has been accompanied by a major reform of tax-exempt policies, and with such political incentives as the issuance of duty-free off-island policies and the liberalization of border duty-free policies, the company has now become the world’s largest retailer in tourism. The course of company development can be roughly divided into three phases: the initial stage of development (1979-2010): in 1979, the State Council approved tax-exempt sales operations and authorized China to do so.
The Tourism Services Corporation has a tax-exempt division, which was established in 1984 by the China Tax-Free Goods Corporation and subsequently opened the Beijing-based tax-exempt and Black River-exempt shops: in mid-1997, the Group was formed and strategically reorganized with the General Service of the China International Travel Agency, forming the National Travel Group, which landed in 2009 and successfully placed it on the market.
A steady growth phase (2011-2016): The exemption policy for Hainan Island was formally implemented in 2011, with the exemption group officially operating in the city ' s tax-free stores opened in Sanya: it was followed by the exemption of the group from duty-free cruise ship operations, cross-border electricity vendors, and in 2014, the largest single-body tax-free shop in the world, the tax-free city of Sanya International, which has been operating for several years.
Rapid expansion (2017-present): Starting in 2017, the company entered a rapid expansion phase, acquiring companies such as Japan (China), Japan (Shanghai), Haiwan and Hong Kong China and Hong Kong, further laying down its own position as a leader in tax-free industries, with a year-long tax-free operation: the company also focused on developing the Hainan Province market, the opening of Sanya International Free City II, and the opening of Haiguchi International tax-exempt.
The company’s tax-free + tax-paying end sales amounted to $66.9 billion in 2021, ranking first among the world’s largest travel retailers. The company’s successful listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in August 2022 marked the beginning of a new era of development.
With 86% of the country’s duty-free retail market, and the top 1057 billion dollar brand value of the tourism service industry, companies now hold the absolute lead in domestic retail tourism and duty-free industries. And, with 25% of the global market share of the final sales of tourism retail, they remain the world’s largest retailer.
Figure 1: Corporate development path 1.2 Tax exemption supports higher revenues, leaving the island as the main driving force The income from pre-epidemiological duty-free operations has grown rapidly, and post-epidemiological tax operations have increased resilience to risk.
During the year, companies cut off tourism services, focused commodity sales and retail tourism, and collected 45.8 billion yuan tax-free, representing 95.5 per cent of the total, and 54.4 per cent of the 2015-2019 capr outbreak, with traffic, logistics, travel and travel restrictions, a sharp drop in the number of people entering and leaving the country, and a significant impact on tax-free operations, with a decline of 29.4 per cent to 32.36 billion yuan in the same year.
China is one of the countries with a full-scale tax-exempt license plate, with tax-free access at ports, duty-free off-islands, tax-free within-country flights, tax-free flights on-board flights, and so on.
Roads has been the company’s main revenue earner for a long time, and tax-free operations have been growing rapidly since the tax-exempt operation in Hainan Island was officially introduced in 2011. International travel restrictions, coupled with the liberalization of duty-free off-island policies, were affected by the epidemic in 2020, with companies operating off-island operations outpaced by $17 billion in 2021, or 70 per cent.
In terms of product categories, the share of perfumed goods is about half, while the share of fashion and accessories has risen gradually, reaching 46% of 2022q1, which is gradually equal to that of perfume. Cost control has been effective and profitability has improved.
After a peak of 53.1 per cent in 2018, the Māori rate declined somewhat as the effects of the epidemic led to the closing of shops, marketing activities, etc., while company management costs remained at around 3 per cent: the cost of sales also fell sharply, from 31 per cent in 2019 to 5.7 per cent in 2021, driven by the optimization of the cost rate, due also to a reduction in passenger flows during the epidemic and a significant reduction in the rent to be paid at the airport.
The company, formerly a Chinese tax-free company, was strategically reorganized with the General Service of China ' s International Travel and Trade Association and was renamed China Tourism Group, and then China Tourism Group, China Tourism Group, Inc.
The company is owned by the State Finance Committee of the State Council, which holds 53.3% of the shares of China’s tourism groups; important subsidiaries of the company and Sun companies include Hai Yue, Japan (Shanghai), Japan (China), Hong Kong China and Hong Kong.
Under the consumable top-of-the-stream design, the duty-free sector has a significant price advantage in 2.1 duty-free goods, and the industry is growing at a high rate. Tax-free goods are goods that are sold free of duty, import chain value-added tax (VAT) and consumer tax (CAT).
Tax-free goods have a significant price advantage over duty-free goods. Our policy now provides for a total of 45 duty-free types of goods off the island, including perfume, box bags, watches, electronics, alcohol, etc., and 14 duty-free types of goods at ports of entry, including tobacco and alcohol, perfume, watches, food and health products, among which different rates are applied.
With the annual rise in the disposable income of our residents, the consumption of luxury goods rose to €94 billion in 2019.
Domestic consumption amounted to about €30 billion, or 32 per cent. Consumption of luxury goods abroad affected by the epidemic fell sharply in 2020, and domestic consumption rose significantly, by 46.6 per cent to about €40 billion, or 70 per cent. As international travel was restricted, domestic tax-exempt policies gradually increased, consumers opted to buy luxury goods in the country gradually increased, while tax-free shops were luxury.
On the demand side, as the income level of the population rises, the quality of the population and the demand for brand consumption increase, the level of internationalization of consumption rises, and the high quality of the duty-free market supply and brand goods become part of the population’s consumption.
At the same time, domestic tax-exempt policies are working, duty-free retailing and tourism services are increasingly integrated, business travel is integrated, consumption scenes are more conducive to duty-free consumption. According to the AFP, 70% of consumers of luxury goods buy with personal preferences.
The tax-free market is expected to grow rapidly in the post-epidemiology cycle. According to Flost Sullivan, the global retail tourism market is expected to grow at a high rate starting in 2022.
The tax-free ratio is expected to rise from 61.4% in 2021 to 68.6% in 2026, with the Asian market being a strong engine of growth in global retail tourism, contributing 80% in 2021.
China’s retail tourism market is growing rapidly, and the share of duty-free goods consumed globally is expected to accelerate. The tourist market in China has been growing steadily from 57.3 billion yuan to 91 billion yuan, with a capr of 25.9% in 2020.
The impact has declined, but as the epidemic has been brought under control and domestic tourism has gradually recovered, China ' s retail tourism market is expected to rise back to 45.9 billion yuan in 2026 and 41 per cent in 2021-2026. The tax-free market grew faster than the first duty-free consumer market, with the share of the global duty-free market expected to reach 44.8 per cent in 2026.
2.2 Consumption Reflux + Policy Plus, with a strong rise in duty-free off-islands, tax-free Switzerland and Korea were the leading global markets before the epidemic. The global duty-free consumer markets consisted mainly of China, South Korea, Switzerland, France, among others.
Switzerland is dufry and France is Lagardère. From the company's point of view, Switzerland earned 59,640 million yuan in operating income in 2019, the world's largest; from the State, Korea's tax-exempt subject, Lotte, earned 34.54 billion yuan in 2019, and New Roe's 27,580 million yuan in operating income, bringing the total to 62.13 billion yuan.
South Korea has long been tax-free, attracting large amounts of Asian consumption to South Korea, with US$14.85 billion in foreign sales and 95.4% in foreign sales, according to the World Tax Free Association.
Millions of yuan, but China’s tax-free market at the same time accounts for only 8% of the global share of duty-free sales. We believe that, while the ex-Korea duty-free market was larger than the Chinese tax-free market, there was a larger return to China’s tax-free market than the higher natural increase in per capita income, mainly due to the combination of the Korean “diplomatic” and the Chinese “diggling” market.
The epidemic continues to spread, and there has been no significant recovery in international passenger traffic from civil aviation. The new global crown epidemic is still spreading, with 620 million confirmed cases globally and cross-border obstacles remaining. As of August 2022, our international passenger traffic was 178,000 per month, returning to 2.5 per cent in the same period in 2019.
In addition, South Korea’s tax-free shopping is still not recovering significantly, compared to the previous 36.5% in 2020. By contrast, Hainan has benefited from its unique tourism resources, and passenger traffic has recovered significantly under the conditions of the domestic epidemic, returning to 80% of the same period in 2019 in May 2021.
On the other hand, and after the short-term outbreak at Hainan, which has become an important entry point for the return of consumption, the duty-free exit from the island has been the least affected. The tax-exempt channels in our country are, among other things, duty-free, off-island, off-city, off-market, and on-shore, except for off-island duty-free, duty-free, intra-city duty-free and transport-free.
In the event of an outbreak, duty-free access to the island is affected, and consumption of luxury goods is increased. As travel is restricted, China’s consumers are in luxury.
The share of luxury goods consumed in China will be more than 90% per year. The share of China-China duty-free shops in the domestic luxury consumer market has gradually increased, with the gradual addition of the off-island tax-free policy, the gradual enrichment and improvement of the integrated system of tourism for resort shopping in Hainan Island, and the increase in the number of duty-free shops.
The policy adds up to the size of the exemption from duty on the island. Since 2011, when the Treasury issued its first policy on the exemption from duty on Hainan Island, after years of adjustment and development, the duty-free policy on the island has been considerably relaxed and the terms of purchase have been extended.
Initially, airline-to-island passengers were relaxed to include passengers leaving the island by rail and ship, up from $5,000 to $100,000, commodities from the original 18 to 45, and purchases were lifted, and mail-to-home liftrs were added. Strong national policy support for duty-free exits is expected to expand further.
After a brief decline in the year, the domestic duty-free market will enter an accelerated upward route, with capr being expected to prevail in 2021-2026, with the port/island ratio remaining at around 68 per cent/26 per cent, with the port duty-free situation being hit by a sharp drop in cross-border travel restrictions and departures, combined with the newly issued new duty-free off-island policy, resulting in a significant reversal of duty-free access to the island, 2021
In the medium-to-long term, cross-border travel will be slowly recovering, duty-free off-islands will be gradually expanded, tourist shopping ecology will be enriched, and the proportion of duty-free off-island access to the country’s tax-free market is expected to remain around 75% in the future.
At a relatively early stage, the tax-free amount was only 30,000 yuan per person/year, and there were fewer commodities, so the number of duty-free consumer items off the island and the amount of consumption remained low, rising from $3.29 billion in 2013 to $13.49 billion in 2019. Cagr, in 2020, under the double factor of exit-restricted policy plus, had a shopping value of $49.47 billion in 2021.
For 7,046,000 items, the purchase value was 91.5 per cent in 2019-2021, and the purchase value was 96.8 per cent, with tax-free actual purchases and per capita consumption increasing by both. Average per capita consumption per person outside the island remained at around $3500 until 2020, with penetration (= 3.5 per cent of duty-free shoppers/Hainnan overnight visitors) rising from 3.5 per cent in 2016.
In 2019, 5.5%, a slow year-on-year upward trend. In 2020, a new out-of-island tax policy was introduced, raising the purchase limit from 30,000 yuan/person/year to 100,000 yuan/person/year, adding new product categories such as flat-board computers and electronics, per capita tourism recovery, duty-free penetration and per capita consumption will continue to grow.
2.3 Hainan continues to consume with code additions and slow recovery at ports. Hainan responded positively to the “positive steering of the return of overseas consumption” and “active hosting of the return of overseas consumption”, as proposed in the 13th and 14th Plans. In recent years, China has continued its efforts to introduce preferential consumer-promotion policies, with the intention of making Hainan an international brigade.
In January 2022, Hainan Province, in its report on the work of the Government, proposed the implementation of a programme for the construction of an international tourism consumption centre to improve the international competitiveness of duty-free shopping in Hainan, with a view to selling 100 billion yuan from the island's duty-free shops.
Portsides, eight ports and clearance ports: three air ports: the Melanes Airport Port at Haiguchi, the Phoenix Airport Port at San Francisco Airport, and the Bay Port at Jonglei Bo. To accelerate the implementation of the physical conditions for port facilities to be closed by the end of 2023, to promote the construction of the Hainan Free Trade Port, the 14th Five-Year Plan for the Construction of the South China Free Trade Port Bank (2021-2025) of December 2021 is clear.
The three priority tasks of planning for the construction of water ports, air terminals, cross-border power suppliers’ logistics, and mail speed control centres are highlighted. We believe that the development of gold will be accompanied by continued enhancement at the ports, further upgrading of the Hainan currents capacity, further positioning of the strategy to absorb the return of consumption, and scaling up the tax exemption from the island.
There has been a sharp decline in emigration and a marked recovery in internal tourism. Since the outbreak of the disease in 2020, population movements have been significantly affected, with significant declines in both emigration and internal tourism.
Due control led to a relaxation of the mobility policy, a return to 54% of the 2019 level for internal travellers, a return to 16.7% in 2019 for emigrants, and a projected slow recovery of short-term outbound trips. International flights showed high levels of kidnapping.
At its general session, the Council decided to increase the number of domestic and international passenger flights in an orderly manner and to establish measures to facilitate the movement of foreign personnel. During the Golden Week of 20221, China’s international flights began to grow, with the planned number of international flights increasing to about 800 from 1 October to 8 October, and are expected to gradually enter the rising routes and resume growth.
Hainan’s ability to induce itself and its port recovery is limited. Restrictions on entry into and exit from the country after the 2020 epidemic have led to a massive return of consumption, most of which is tax-free from the island.
It is expected that some off-island consumption will revert to out-of-country consumption as the port resumes, but as the off-island tax-exempt policy is added, the commercial shopping system is improved, the off-island tax-exempt is limited by the diversion, and the passenger flow is still growing.
The tax-free licence plates are tax-free, municipal tax-free, port duty-free, tax-free, and so on.
The company can operate only some of these types of channels, while Wang Dynasty has not yet landed on a real-estate project, and only China is exempt from running all-terrain business. There are five duty-free off-island shops, and there are more than 100 border duty-free or intra-city duty-free shops in cities all over the country, as well as cruise ships and on-board duty-free shops and nine offshore duty-free shops.
The company will continue to expand its business map to strengthen its position as a leader in the tax-free industry in the country. The world’s largest retailer, with a country’s tax-free market of over 85%.
The sales earnings, 25% of the market share, ranked first among the largest retailers in the world, followed by Lotte, Niro, Dufry and Lagdell, with a combined 73% share of the market concentration in the city of Cr5. The domestic duty-free market, owing to the scarcity of license plates, high entry thresholds, high concentration of markets, and exemption from duty-free operations in China as one of the first companies to start in 2021.
With a pre-eminence and a rare full-size license, the company has a strong leader. The domestic regional advantage is clear, and the country has a national layout.
A total of 123 port duty-free points, 5 duty-free shops off the island, 11 intra-city duty-free shops, and 54 other duty-free shops, with retail networks spread across more than 100 cities in China’s 28 provinces, municipalities directly under central control, and autonomous regions, and have nine overseas gates.
By 2022, q1, the company had more than 430 suppliers and maintained a long-term business relationship with its top five suppliers. The firm’s stable supply relationship with suppliers helped to create a stable sku and brand image that attracted customers to buy back over the long term, with more than 316,000 skus sold by the company, which covered dior, perfumed, etc.
In the long run, after nearly 40 years of growth, companies have become the world’s largest retail tourism operators, and the scale of procurement has effectively increased their bargaining power, and it is expected that the company’s global flagship will continue to stand out, with supply chain procurement continuing.
From in-country brands, according to Frost Sullivan, corporate brand resources are far ahead of other domestic duty-free carriers and at world-class levels. By 2022, q1, companies had established long-term brands with more than 1,200 well-known brands around the world.
Stable cooperation includes 145 perfumed brands, 253 fashion and accessories, 540 tobacco and alcohol brands, and 270 food and other brands. On the luxury side, according to Reuters, Louis Vuitton intends to expand the layout of China’s tax-free market, and is promoting a new shop project in Sanya Sea Bay.
3.2 Tax exemption from the island is the main driving force, with a strong potential for development, and the number of duty-free stores is well ahead of the curve. There are currently 10 tax-free stores in Hainan off the island, mainly concentrated in Sanya and Haiguchi, operated by five operators, of which China has the largest number of duty-free shops, including the current domestic sales.
The largest shopping centre, Sanya International Free City. There are six duty-free shops in Hainan that are off the island, one each owned by Haifa Control, Sea Brigades, Extortion, Middle and Middle. The company is an absolute leader, and has a layout at San Phoenix and Seaports, and at Joan Hae-Bung.
The company owns six tax-free shops on Henan Island, mainly located at Sanya and Hainan, occupies two airports at San Phoenix and Melanes Airport, and has the only tax-free shop outside Sanya and China. In 2021, the company occupied the Hainan tax-free market.
90% of the market share, while other operators together account for the remaining 10%, the company has an absolute lead in the off-island duty-free market, the largest single-body duty-free shop in the world is about to be opened, and it is hard to shake off the island’s tax-free status. Sanya International Free City is the largest shopping mall in the country, and it still maintains a high rate of growth, with sales revenue rising from $10.46 billion in 2019.
This increased to $34.81 billion in 2021, or 82.4 per cent, with an average sales income of more than $9.5.4 million per day in 2021, an average of over 21,000 visitors per day during the Golden Week, and an average daily sales income of more than 170 million yuan. In August 2019, the Seagate International Free City began construction and will be the world ' s largest single-size tax-free shop with an area of about 150,000 squared.
The opening of the Haiguchi tax-free shop will strengthen the company’s lead in tax-exempting off the island, while at the same time occupying the tax-free markets of Sanya and Haiguchi’s two major tourist cities, bringing about a new growth curve. The Haiguchi International tax-free city has invested a total of RMB 5 billion to build a tax-free business that will cover zero taxes.
Tourism retail complexes, such as selling, catering, recreation, leisure, hotels and other businesses that have been developed in tandem, including the world's only custom-made theme of the virtual weta court, one of the world's largest whiskey museums, the world's first integrated paper retailing and the collection and production of the maze experience store, the world's first national beauty salon in the world's tourism retail scene, and so on, are expected to be of global influence.
The return flow, the large transfer of duty-free consumption at the port to the Hainan Ex-Island duty-free, and the ratio of corporate out-of-island receipts increased from 27.6 per cent in 2019 to 47:2022q1 per channel.
The company has set up tax-free doors in nine of the top 10 airports in the country, with several tax-free shops licensed. Prior to the outbreak in 2019, passengers left the country.
The top three Beijing Capital International Airports, Shanghai Pudong International Airport and Guangzhou Bai Yun International Airport, together with Shanghai Rainbow Bridge International Airport, are ranked among the top three countries in terms of tossing, which account for 50 per cent of the total number of passengers arriving and departing from China via the airport in the same year, and the company ' s franchising of tax-free shops at the top three airports has helped the company to take up the vast majority of the market share.
The average monthly passenger traffic by domestic and international routes in 2021 was 3.6584 million, or 75 per cent and 2 per cent of the 2019 level. The low international traffic caused companies to take down duty-free operations. In 2019, companies collected $31.84 billion in duty-free stores.
In 2021, tax-free shops at the port fell to 17.1 billion yuan, and the rate fell to 25.1 per cent. It is expected that the outbreak will be eased thereafter, that duty-free operations at the port will gradually resume, and that the recovery of the shortfall will result in the company’s new tax exemption from the island in Shanghai, Japan and China, which will be affected by the epidemic. The two main airports in Beijing, Shanghai, and Shanghai, are the most international passenger flow in the country.
The Great Airport, with revenue from Shanghai, Shanghai, China, China, China, Japan, China, China, China, Japan, China, Japan, China, Japan, China, Japan, China, Japan, China, Japan, Japan, China, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, China, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, China, China, China, China, China, China, Japan, China, China, Japan, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China
Since February 2020, the company has been paying taxes on its accumulated stocks and selling them online. In addition, the company has introduced a policy of tax-free access to the island, which has been favourable, and has been targeted at visitors over the past 180 days.
The company classifies duty-free goods ordered and sold online as being sold on the tax-free line, and the goods ordered and sold on the line as being sold on the tax-based line.
By launching online platforms such as “cdf buy-out” and adopting innovative marketing models such as online pre-purchase services, the company partly offsets the impact of falling passenger flow and the closure of the shop. Even in the case of the sharp decline in international passenger arrivals during the 2020 and 2021 epidemics, the company’s earnings and profits have increased in the same year, with the number of online platform orders falling in the second quarter of 2022.
Over the same period of the year, the number of online operations is expected to continue at a high rate. Figure 53: Companies buying from Cdf members on line drive tax operations up. The new crown epidemic accelerates the deployment of company digital strategies, and companies integrate through integration.
Membership systems, and the deployment of large data analysis to understand client behaviour and further operational efficiency, with the company ' s online channel development chart 10,000, or 311.3 per cent, with cagr reaching 311.3 per cent. From the structure of online channels, revenues from online sales were smaller in 2019; and tax-free lines in 2021.
Upward sales revenue is $8.28 billion, compared to 23.580 billion on the tax line; as of 2022, q1 on the tax-free line was $1.98 billion, compared with $5.21 billion on the tax-based line. The online channels have grown to consist mainly of tax-bearing businesses, with companies increasing their tax-bearing operations from $1.15 billion in 2019 to $24.1 billion in 2021, representing a share of the revenue.
At the same time, duty-free operations at the ports are under pressure. The company has been entering into rental adjustment agreements with the Beijing Capital Airport, Shanghai Airport, Guangzhou Baiyun Airport, etc., to ensure the profit margin for duty-free operations at the ports: Shanghai Airport: in 2021, the company and Shanghai Airport re-signed a supplementary agreement for the transfer of business rights for the free shop project.
The revised rates are based on the monthly actual international passenger flow, which was capped by the base rent. 1) If the current month ' s international passenger flow is less than 80 per cent of the international passenger flow for the same period in 2019, then the actual monthly sales increase = per capita contribution x monthly actual international passenger flow x passenger.
Supplementary agreement. 1) Establishment of a monthly passenger rate factor and a monthly actual area of operation factor for the month’s base sales under the original agreement: 2) Implementation of the incremental provisions of the previous agreement when international passenger flows in the previous year, 2019 = 0.8; 3) extension of the lease period for the entry duty-free shop project until 2029.
With the spread of new coronary pneumonia vaccinations, increased efficiency in detection, and the introduction of special effects, several countries around the world eased their immigration policies in 2022, and international airline passengers warmed up. It is expected that overall global immigration controls will continue to ease, with international passenger flows entering recovery routes.
With $1.91 billion a year, following the recovery of the build-up business with international passenger flows, a positive increase to $3 billion is expected in 2023; after the outbreak in Shanghai, Japan, because of the low flow of people under the line, the revenue is mainly driven by on-line flows and is less related to below-line passenger flows, and, assuming a subsequent resumption of the flow, it is expected to grow to around $14 billion in 2023; and other ports
Tax exemptions are expected to return to positive growth in the context of the gradual liberalization of immigration policies and the recovery of cross-border passenger flows. Overall, the size of the tax-free collection at company ports is expected to increase to $18 billion in 2023, an improvement over 2020.
Intra-city tax-free shops are offered tax-free purchases, which are more flexible than on-board duty-free, airport duty-free, market-free shopping experience, time and shopping practices, rent-free rates are between 10 and 20% in the city, and the rent-free rates are significantly higher in airports, which generally amount to 40%.
On April 25, the Office of the State Council issued an Opinion on Further Unleashing the Potential of Consumption for Sustained Recovery of Consumption, which states: “Improving the policy of duty-free shops within the city and planning for the establishment of a number of duty-free shops in China.” According to statistics, this is the fifth time since 2020 that the State has made clear its intention to develop a set of duty-free stores in China.
In 1979, the Republic of Korea took the lead in introducing an intra-city duty-free shop policy, whereby passengers can purchase goods in an in-city shop on the basis of passports and exit tickets and receive them in a designated tax area (airport and port pick-up area).
In addition to our duty-free stores, which mainly serve expatriate foreigners and Hong Kong and Macao passengers, South Korea’s tax-free shops, which are mainly consumer groups, are prepared to leave the country, and operate through the “underline shop plus online shopping”, the purchase of goods from airports in the city, and the processing of members.
As a result, the average sales volume of duty-free shops in Korea has increased by up to 30% annually, well over 5% of the port, 84.6% in 2019 and 92.8% as of August 2022.
The tax-free market structure of the Republic of Korea is still at a low level of the tax-free base in our city, and it is expected that the subsequent release of the tax-free zone in the city will result in a new engine for the duty-free industry. The company has now opened five intra-city duty-free shops in Beijing, Shanghai, Qingdao, Xiamen and Dalian, and is expected to fully benefit from the development dividend in the future.
Assumption 1: the Hainan passenger flow has recovered steadily, with 60 million overnight arrivals, 63 million in 2022-2024, and 67 million, respectively.
(b) Assumption 3: reduced underflows due to the epidemic, corporate efforts to develop tax lines have led to a decline in the Māori rate, which is expected to return to positive growth with the gradual resumption of the flow, leading to an increase in the Māori ratio from 2022 to 2024.
The company, as the leader of the domestic tax-exempt industry, fully enjoying the policy dividend, has a strong leading position in the city, full access to the tax-exempt economy, and has a strong medium- and long-term momentum. The company is currently 46.98 times more than the company p-ttm, as there are currently no comparable tax-exempt companies, and therefore other market-based tax-exempt companies are selected for comparison: Switzerland’s tax-exempt retail giant, dufry
(dufn.sw) Korea's Ninyo Tax Free Shop (008770.ks). Given the company's imminent opening of Seagate International Tax Free City, which will result in a brand-new increase in revenue, and the company's overall leadership of tax-free channels, such as off-islands and ports, the global market rate has gradually increased, with a high premium given to the company's history.
The effects of the epidemic have been repeated, the opening of new shops has been less than anticipated, tax-free policies have changed, and competition in the industry has intensified. There has been no direct or indirect recourse to any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.