Retail retail tourism in commerce and commerce, leading the global retail tourism trade, has continued to consolidate its position of dominance, gaining a core of duty-free positions and taking advantage of the return of consumption. China is exempt from tax-exempt activities.
Business-based retail tourism, with the largest and most comprehensive duty-free retail network in the country, has opened up scope for companies to develop in 2020, with the impact of the epidemic on the return of large amounts of overseas consumption, coupled with policies that encourage support for tax-free development.
A sharp drop in passenger flows and logistical constraints have led to firm sales pressures. As a result of the company’s active expansion of online operations, the share of taxed goods sold has increased significantly, and the Māori rate has fallen to 32.9 per cent annually, with fewer airport rents under the new agreement.
Total market value/flow (millions of dollars) Exemptions from the island have an absolute advantage, and the airport is less dependent on tax exemptions. Companies have a significant preponderant advantage in Hainan, with over 80% of the city, and new entrants will be difficult to overcome in the short term.
Tax-free shops will bring in more brand names and continue to tap into the potential for consumption.
High performance expectations - 2022/07/28 New projects are actively deployed and post-epidemiological rehabilitation is strong. Seagate International Free City is expected to be exempt from duty-free White Cloud Airport (601888) in China
With the start of operations by the end of 2022, the tax-free space of the company will be significantly increased, with the third-south merger of the Seagate, the Stock Exchange Agreement.
– 2022/06/25 The 3A International Free City Phase 2 will address the TIA International Free City reception bottlenecks, and the new projects will add to the company ' s future performance.
Annual Report & 22q1 Quarterly Review: The Impact of the Epidemic is short, and financing operations are expanding. On August 25, 2022, the company made an offer to invest in a number of projects, both domestic and foreign, and is expected to deepen international capital and equity through stock listings in Hong Kong.
- 2022/04/27 Co-operation with duty-free retail taps to speed up international duty-free market layout; changes; new project returns fall short of expectations, etc.
Global retail tourism has continued to gain strength, deep farming is taxed for dozens of years, industry is well ahead of (i) strategy is clear, deep farming is tax-free.
In March 2008, the company (then known as the United Kingdom of China, Inc.) was re-established jointly by the United Chinese Towns Group (UCLG) on behalf of a travel agency and tax-exempt related assets. On 15 October 2009, the company was placed on the market with a stock code of 601888.
In 2019, the company stripped the travel agency business of its parent company. In 2020, the parent company injected 51 per cent of its shares in the company. The parent company resolved the competition of its peers through the restructuring of its business and the company was able to focus on tax-free business. To date, the company was the only listed company whose main business was tax-free.
Focus on duty-free operations. Companies are mainly engaged in retail tourism operations, mainly tax-free operations, including the wholesale and retail distribution of duty-free goods such as tobacco and alcohol, perfume, refined products, clothing, electronics, etc. In addition, companies are involved in the development of commercial investment complexes with tax-free operations at their core.
Investment development operations in the destination business complex. (ii) The National Finance Committee (NAC) holds a large share of management experience and actually controls the NAC.
As of 2022q1, China’s tourism group held 53.3% of the shares, held as shareholders in listed companies, and the State Treasury Board as the actual controller.
Figure 2: Equity structure Management team has extensive management experience. Senior management team has an average of about 20 years experience in the retail tourism industry.
He is an annual figure in the tax-exempt industry. Mr. Chen Guoqiang, General Manager, has more than 30 years of experience in the management and operation of the tax-exempt industry.
It is the only retail operator in the country that covers all duty-free distribution channels, including port shops, off-island stores, inner-city stores, cruises, airline shops, airport stores and foreign-ship shops. As of 2022q1, companies operate 193 stores.
There are 184 shops in the country’s 29 provinces, as well as nine offshore duty-free shops in Hong Kong, Macao and overseas.
Tax-exempt operations cover airports, intra-city, and off-island duty-free shops. Tax-exempt operations include the following three main areas: first, airports, etc., which are aimed primarily at passengers entering and leaving the country at international airports and land crossings.
It is mainly popular among young consumers, and the prices of duty-free goods at airports are very favourable; the second is an intra-city duty-free shop, where the main business is to be purchased by residents of Hainan Island on a yearly basis, with a relatively small contribution from foreign consumers before leaving the country.
The company has a clear pre-emptive advantage by having access to the core airport. The company is exempt from the concession of 9 of China’s top 10 airports, including Beijing Capital International Airport, Shanghai, which ranks three of China’s top three passengers in terms of the amount of money that they swallowed before the new crown outbreak in 2019.
In addition, in 2019, the company awarded 10-year-old tax-free shipments to Beijing Dae-Hing International Airport. In the future, as the flow of passengers to and from Da-Hing airport continues to climb, the company will provide tax-free access to the country’s main airports.
The impact will be further enhanced.
In 2021, corporate revenues increased by 28.7% on the same date, and revenue from online sales compensated for the decline in the flow of customers. Some shops affected by the epidemic were closed at the beginning of 2022, and 22q1 companies received $16,782 million in revenues compared to minus 7.5%, during which the company increased its sales promotion and encouraged online shopping, but the downstream passenger flow and logistical constraints that affected the epidemic continued to result in company sales.
The global tourism retail leader, the dominant position, continued to consolidate Māori decline during the epidemic and the rise in net interest rates. In 2017-2019, companies were granted duty-free access to multiple key ports through mergers and acquisitions, agreements and tenders, and the share of free retailing increased significantly, with the increase in Māori.
In 2019 - 2021, the company ' s Māori rate fell to 32.9 per cent annually, mainly as a result of higher taxes, higher discounts, and the epidemic, which led to the temporary closing of shops. In sub-operations, the high rental cost of the company ' s tax-free/tax-owned Māori rate increased significantly in 2019. In 2020 - 2021, as a result of the epidemic, companies actively expanded their operations online.
The sale of tax-free commodities has increased significantly, the share of duty-free goods has declined, and companies have undertaken more promotional activities, leading to a decline in the Māori rate, but the sharp decline in the cost of sales has pushed up net interest rates in reverse. Profitability has increased faster in recent years.
The annual impact of the epidemic and the impact of the New Deal for the Outer Islands has increased rapidly to 57%, and in 2021 to 70%, becoming the core business of the Middle East, further increasing profitability. In 2020, the net return profit of the company was $6.140 billion, an increase of 32.57% over the previous year, mainly due to the fall in the cost of leasing associated with the epidemic and the cost of extension, the increase in foreign exchange gains and tax exemption from the island and the capture of Shanghai.
In 21 years, the net return to the mother earned $9,654 million, an increase of 57.23 per cent in the same year, mainly due to the high growth of the Hainan tax-free shop, the increase in sales on the line, and a decrease in rental costs. The new airport rental agreement resulted in a significant decrease in the cost of sales. In 2017-2019, the cost of sales rose sharply from 8.1 per cent to 31.1 per cent.
The cost of the driving period increased from 12.6 per cent to 34.3 per cent, and the rental fee as a percentage of income increased from 1.9 per cent to 25.7 per cent, mainly as a result of the consolidation of the period in China (operation of the capital airport tax-free shop t3), Shanghai (operation of the Shanghai airport tax-free shop) and the exemption of high-value airport rental charges from duty-free operations in the capital city airport, Da Hing airport, Baiyun airport and Hong Kong airport.
The Division’s sales cost rate of 31.07 per cent and 16.82 per cent and 5.71 per cent, respectively, is due mainly to a reduction in the rental rate at the airport. At present, the company has entered into a new rental agreement with the airport in the north, the rental rate at the airport has been changed from a sales-to-sale to a passenger-to-flow-related rate, and the rental rate has dropped significantly, resulting in a decrease in the cost of driving sales to 8.71 per cent of 2022q1.
Construction, and separation from the General Hostel in 2019, the management fee rate continued to decrease from 3.83 per cent in 2017 to 3.11 per cent in 2020, with good cash flow and low demand for external funds. In 2017-2021, net cash flows from corporate operations were positive and cash flows from major businesses were good. Cash outflows from fund-raising activities were mainly paid by shareholders at dividends and subsidiaries below $500 million.
By 2021, China had been exempt from only one direct external financing, i.e. a non-public increase of 9,624,000 shares in 2013 (11% increase in the value of equity after issuance) and a net raise of about $2.5 billion to invest in the Sanya Sea Bay shopping centre project. Global retail tourism taps have continued to consolidate their advantage.
Policies drive tax-free development, consumption returns accelerate market growth, global duty-free markets move eastward, and Asian markets have great potential, and the global retail tourism market is expected to resume steady growth in 2023. The global retail tourism market grew steadily before the epidemic.
The size increased from RMB 469.7 billion in 2017 to RMB 599.1 billion in 2019, with a compound annual growth rate of 12.9 per cent. In 2020-2021, the new crown epidemic and associated tourism restrictions had a significant impact on the global retail tourism market, which was gradually liberalized during the second half of the year, and the tourism retail market recovered significantly.
Global tourism retailing has continued to gain strength, with tax-free markets severely hit by the new crown epidemic, and sales have fallen to $140 billion. Countries have taken measures to stimulate tax-free markets, China has eased tax-free shopping restrictions on off-islands, Korea has promoted direct mail from large customers, and the country has raised tax-free limits, all of which can be tax-free.
The world’s tax-free market is expected to grow to 743.7 billion yuan in 2026, according to Frost Sullivan, with a high concentration of tax-free industries in a number of home-based companies. The higher growth rate of larger firms in 2014-2021 suggests a strong industrial advantage.
In addition, after the acquisition of wdf in August 2015, the group’s strength in duty-free retailing was further strengthened, and the world’s ranking for exemption has been reversed for many years, from 2015 to 2019. By 2020, it became the world’s largest retailer in tourism, mainly through the acquisition of other duty-free traders, the taking of core duty-free positions, and the epidemic.
In the tax-free market, large groups have expanded their power even further through mergers and acquisitions, and the situation is “severe” in figure 15: The changing ranking of global tax-exempt top8 sales (million euros) has great potential for growth in Asia, where duty-free markets are performing better than taxes. Asia’s retail tourism market is the largest global share of growth.
One of the fastest markets, 50.9 per cent in 2019 and 21.2 per cent in 17-19 combined annual growth rates for duty-free retail retail tourism in Asia, dominated by 2181 billion yuan in 2021, of which 14.6 billion yuan, or 64.5 per cent, were duty-free retail. Thanks to measures supported and promoted by the Governments of China and other Asian countries, duty-free sales forms in Asia were distributed duty-free.
The tax-free/tax-free compound growth rate was 28.4%/11% in 2017-2019, 14.9%/16.3% in 2019-2021, and the tax-free market performed relatively more robustly during the epidemic. Assuming the return of the offshore tourism market in 2023, China and Asia will become global zero as China expands the duty-free market and returns from duty-free consumption abroad.
The market continues to grow with an important boost, with the projected overall increase of 23.1 per cent in Asian tourism retailing in 2023-2026, and a combined tax-free/tax-paying global tourism retail leader, whose dominant position has continued to consolidate (ii) China’s retail tourism market is vast. The epidemic has caused consumption to return to the flow.
China’s duty-free market has become an increasingly important part of the global duty-free market. As a result of rapid tourism growth and rising income levels, China’s tax-free market grew rapidly between 2017 and 2019, with a compound annual growth rate of 29.4 per cent, with restrictions on entry and exit but a significant increase in tax exemptions from the island.
The continent fell by 31.7% and 14.9%, respectively, and reached RMB 48.1 billion in 2021. China’s tax-free market was free of negative growth in the context of the global epidemic.
By retail channels, China’s tax-exempt operating income comes from offshore duty-free shops, off-island duty-free shops, municipal duty-free shops, and other channels. Until 2020, customs duty-free shops landed as traditional channels for China’s shopping policy, and restrictions on the purchase of duty-free goods were significantly liberalized.
The company took advantage of the dividends of Hainan’s preferential policy, which led to a sharp increase in the tax-free share of the revenues from the island, from 27.6% in 2019 to 69.5% in 2021, and to the fact that the exemption from the island exceeds the duty-free access to the port to become the market size and market size of the global duty-free market from 2017 to 2026.
Figure 20: Market regulations for China ' s duty-free commodity market, 2017-2026
Online sales make it easier for consumers. Online platforms include two types of services, one on the tax-exempt line, which is scheduled to be delivered below the tax-free line, and the other on the tax-free line.
Free from active appliance, support for tax-exempt policies in Itoan Island, expansion of electricity vendor sales, separate development of off-island tax-free lines, reservation of sub-programs, “cdf duty-free” and off-island sub-purchases, “cdf member buy-in” for Hainan. The closed-line shop also has several channels for selection, including Beijing, Shanghai, and Hangzhou.
In recent years, China has experienced rapid economic growth, rising per capita income, rising consumption levels, and rising high-end consumer households. In 2021, the country’s disposable income amounted to 35,000 yuan.
A total of 507.7.205.9/13.3.890 million households in the high international net value phase, representing an increase of 90 years after 2017, became the main consumer force. After 90 years, positive values ranged from 18 to 32, of which 90 years later began to become a strong force in society, with a stable income, and after 00, gradually moved to the workplace, with their new generation of consumers showing enormous consumption power, based on wheat.
The Chinese Luxury Consumption Report, 2019, published by Kinsey, prefers to buy luxury goods through tax-free channels to 20% after 90 years, compared to 70 and 80 years later. China’s market for personal luxury goods has grown in size.
However, most Chinese consumers still choose to buy luxury goods in China because of restrictions on their travel abroad. Following the 48% increase in 2020, the Bann Consultancy expects that China’s private luxury market will grow by 36% in 2021, amounting to nearly 471 billion yuan.
Around the corner. Since 2020, as a result of the new crown epidemic, the global market for luxury consumer goods has been depressed, but China’s domestic market, which is expected to become the largest market for luxury goods in the world in 2025, has returned to high levels of consumption as a result of an improved shopping environment and restrictions on leaving the country.
Figure 24: Sale of personal luxury goods in China
The epidemic has accelerated the “consumptions back.” The outbreak of the new global crown has led to a sharp drop in cross-border tourism, with only 2,023,000 Chinese travellers in 2020, a decline of 86.9 per cent compared with the previous 86.9 per cent. Cross-border tourism was an important channel for consumption of luxury goods abroad, and the epidemic has shifted consumers to consumption in the domestic market. In 2020, China’s domestic market accounted for 70 per cent of China’s consumer consumption of luxury goods worldwide.
In 2021, thanks to the continuation of the trend towards a return of consumption, the proportion rose further to over 90%. In the past, despite the better control of the Chinese epidemic, the global epidemic had been repeated, and the demand for travel abroad had been curtailed.
Tax-free goods have a price advantage. Tax-free operations have strong policy attributes and are essentially a part of the tax interest of the central transfer, allowing residents to enjoy a favourable price. The cost of domestic imports of consumer goods consists of tax-exempt prices, customs duties, consumer taxes, introduction value-added tax, etc., with a 13% rate of value-added tax, with tariff and excise taxes varying according to the class of goods, customs duties, consumer duties, and value-added tax.
Cross-border power providers, although exempt from customs duties, still collect consumption and value-added taxes at a rate of 70%. We compare the prices of the same product with those of the flag shop, Kyoto International, China Free, China Travel, and Island Free Small Procedures, and find that the price of duty-free products off the island is 20-40% lower than that of ordinary electricity providers.
Tax merchants have cheap platforms, but brands and product lines are not sufficiently rich. As duty-free goods enjoy policy preferences that exempt import duties, value-added taxes, and consumer taxes, tax-free access is absolutely competitive in terms of prices compared to the luxury prices of shopping malls, brand cabinets, and tax-free markets accelerate development.
The bottom logic behind the country’s strong support for the expansion of duty-free markets is to attract the return of overseas consumption. Tax-free global retail tourism has continued to consolidate its dominant position, which is essentially a national concession to consumers and a tool for keeping domestic consumption. Tax-free is a strong policy sector, and the state is tax-free.
The country attaches great importance to the establishment of tax-free channels, from increased tax-free licences to the establishment of an off-island tax-free pilot to the expansion of the tax-free marketing industry, and the promulgation of various policies and measures to encourage the development of tax-free sales in many ways.
A change in the pattern of duty-free competition over the island has led to the construction of an autonomous port in Hainan, from a “one-stop” to a “one-stop” approach. The short-term exclusive operation of the off-island duty-free market opened in mid-June 2020, after a 51-per-cent exemption to the sea was completed.
On December 30, 2020, the Third Asian Sea Brigade tax-free city, the China Free Group San Phoenix Airport tax-free shop and the Chinese Sanya International Tax-free Mall, opened three off-island duty-free shops, the Sea Control Global Fines tax-free city on January 31st, 2021, and the Sea-Care Free-Escort-Free Lake tax-free shopping mall. By the end of 2021, the Hainan Islands had been tax-free for five major operators and 10 off-island duty-free shops, which means that by the end of 2021, there were five tax-free businesses in Hainan Island, which means that there were 10 off-island tax-free shops.
Competition encourages firms to upgrade their services. A new pattern of competition will force duty-free firms to enrich their products and become more proactive in introducing more consumer-friendly brands and varieties of goods, differentiating competition according to their advantages, and improving the quality of their services.
At the same time, the gap between the prices of duty-free goods off the island and those of Korea has narrowed after duty-free competition has become appropriate, and is more competitive among international tourism retailers. The Hainan Free Trade Port has helped to move away from the island’s duty-free market, closing the entire island at 2025.
Industrial manufacturing is focused on tourism, modern services, and high-technology industries. The Hainan from the General Programme for the Construction of Trade Ports, published on 1 June 2020, states that the Hainan Free Trade Port has zero tariffs on the import and export of products within the country’s established boundaries, and that import taxes are imposed on products that are restricted and banned.
Shipping and aviation hubs bring money, talent and information flows, and make big tax-free cakes. Competition will become more competitive in the future, and the advantages will not be broken. The newly-arrived off-island tax-free operators will grow up, optimize their branding, supply chain integration, customer accumulation, and increase their sales rapidly.
But, considering that China has for years been exempt from farming in tax-free industries, high barriers have been set in place, and its pre-eminence in Hainan market has been significant, and new entrants will be difficult to overcome in the short term. After the island’s entire customs closure in 2025, the import tariff is completely exempt from imports of goods other than the import tax catalogue, which allows the import of the Hainan Free Trade Port.
In the context of large-scale off-island duty-free cakes, exemption and other off-island duty-free operators will benefit.
As of 2022q1, it has established more than 30 provinces, municipalities, autonomous regions and Cambodia, covering airports, aircraft, borders, passenger transport stations, railway stations, foreign service, diplomatic personnel, cruise ships and nine major types of tax-free shops in the city, covering Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Hangzhou airports, among others.
After nearly 40 years of development and capital investment, the company established the country’s largest and most comprehensive free retail network. In 2019, the percentage of duty-free revenue at ports was 66.3%, and in 2021 it was only 38.7%.
The company owns 184 shops in the country and 9 shops outside the country, including port duty-free shops/off-island shops/off-shore duty-free shops/other, respectively
It covers tax-free and tax-free operations and provides a wide range of branded goods. Before the outbreak in 2019, the tax-based ratio was just $1.15 billion, or 2.4 per cent.
429.4/24.1 billion yuan, or 63/36 per cent respectively, of which duty-free operations were classified by commodity type, afloat/fashion and adornment/smokers (ii) duty-free off-island: good-policy firms developed with absolute advantages The off-island duty-free market is strong and policy dividends are being released. The off-island duty-free market has developed since the pilot in Hainan in 2011
Reviewing the change in tax-exit policy over the decade, at the demand level, easing consumer shopping restrictions and increasing the price of single-persons: Global retail tourism taps, with a sustained consolidation of advantages, tax-exempt applications were relaxed by domestic and foreign travellers (including residents of Hainan Province) who had reached the age of 18 and left Hainan Island by air.
At the end of the supply line, the number of expatriates has been increased from eight to 45.
The number of tourists in Hainan has recovered, and the rate of duty-free penetration from the island has increased from year to year. From 2017 to 2019, the number of tourists in Hainan province reached 10.5%. The number of tourists has fallen in 20 years. In 21 years, 81,043 people in South China, an increase of 25.5% compared to the previous 25.5%, have returned to about 97% prior to the outbreak.
Good and self-employed ports are well advanced, and duty-free penetration rates from the island are rising steadily, rising significantly from 8.52% in 2017 to 29.74% in 2021, and are expected to continue to rise in the future. Tax-exempt subjects are active, and duty-free appeal from the island increases.
With the second phase of the operationalization of Merlan Airport at Haiguchi, the tax-free shop has a size of 220,000 square metres and is dominated by perfumed products, adding more jewellery, watches, bags, clothing, electronic brands to the consumer's choice. The new "mail delivery" and "back-to-island extraction" methods in Hainan Province in 2021 also boosted the stock of large commodities such as wine and box packs for passengers.
The market potential has yet to be exploited. After doubling the tax-free sales from Hainan Island in 2020, the tax-free sales from Hainan Island in 2021 rose by 83%, from $3436.16 in 2017 to $7518.8 in 2021.
By 2025, it is expected that the size of the duty-free consumer market in Hainan Island will rise to 160 billion yuan, making it the largest duty-free market in the world. Global retail tourism has continued to gain strength.
Sanya was very popular with tourists, bringing a huge flow of duty-free shops. In 2019, the number of stay-over visitors in Sanya reached 2,294.5 million, an increase of 9.3 per cent in the same year, the number of stay-over visitors in Sanya was significantly reduced in 2020, the number of stay-over visitors in Sanya recovered in 2021, and the number of stay-over visitors in Sanya in 2021 reached 21,162.04 million, an increase of 4,476.4 million from 2020.
In the same year, 26.11% increased. 2022h1, Sanya hosted 67.549 million overnight tourists, returning to 72.5% in the same period in 19 and recovering the flow in good and attractive terms.
Construction, located in Sanya Bay. The first phase was officially opened on 1 September 14th, with a total area of approximately 120,000 square metres and a commercial surface of 72,000 square metres, the largest single-body duty-free shop in the world. The second phase of the Hae-Mae Island project opened in January 20, with a surface of approximately 65,000 square metres and a commercial area of 32,000 square metres, mainly for the sale of taxed commodities and catering, and for the use of walking landscape bridges.
From 2015 to 2021, the number of purchases in Sanya International Free City rose from 1.01 billion yuan to 36.1 billion yuan in 2021 and 85.7 per cent in cagr, which also rose from year to year, to 2017.
During the holidays in 2021, Sanya City received more than 21,000 daily visitors and sold more than RMB 172 million a day. This was supported by nearly half of the performance.
21.51 per cent and 35.96 per cent, which have been growing year by year. The 2021 International Free City has achieved a business income of $3.6110 billion and a net profit of $4.665 billion for mothers, representing 51.43 per cent and 48 per cent of the total income and net profit for mothers, respectively, and is the main bottleneck to the growth in sales. The Tria International Free City is currently divided into two phases, one of which is free shopping.
Phase two is dominated by the operation of tax brands and restaurants, limited space for individual brand sales, crowding of tourists during the season, and limited tax-free operating space. In order to absorb more brands and commodities, the Sanya International Free City has been expanded, and the construction of three national and international consumer centres will effectively compensate for the shortage of existing areas of business and further enhance the core competitiveness of corporate tax-free operations.
It is also in the process of upgrading duty-free shopping facilities in China, with a special focus on the introduction of luxury brands, which will help to upgrade tax-free shopping facilities in the off-island region.
The amount of traffic at Merland Airport has increased steadily before the outbreak. The number of passengers tolls increased from 22,580,000 in 17 to 2,422,000 in 19 and the number of cagr was 10.6 per cent in 19; the number toll to 16,490,000 in 20 years affected by the epidemic has fallen from 32 per cent to 16,49 million.
The airport stores complement the city stores, and the competitive advantage is significant. In mid-2020, the group was exempted from taking 51% of the sea share and from the 100% share of the Seagate Moon Square and the Joan Hae Bo shop, while holding 51% of the share in the Seagate Airport.
The airport’s tax-free shop was officially opened in December of November, with an area of 14,000 square metres. The airport’s “buy-and-take” model allows consumers to carry their goods along with them, in addition to providing tax exemptions.
The value of duty-free sales has been growing faster since the airport opened, from $2.05 billion in 17 years to $3.82 billion in 21 years, with Cagr reaching 16.8 per cent.
The t2 terminal is about 300,000 square meters, and the newly shipped t2 terminal is about 93.13 million square metres of free commercial space, thus contributing to further growth in passenger traffic. The t2 terminal is now dominated by sea and southerly flights, with routes dominated by two-line cities in the country, with greater purchasing power assumed, and the shop ' s branding and layout are still undergoing continuous optimization, and it is expected that it will be released gradually later.
According to the annual report of the Melanes Airport Corporation, the number of duty-free purchases at Melanes Airport increased from 1.1 million in 2017 to 1.27 million in 2019, with Cagr reaching 7.4%, and the number of purchases recovered in 2021 to 80% in 2019.
There is still much room for growth. On the one hand, the duty-free penetration rate at the American airport is attributable to passenger throughput, while the Sanya denominator is the number of visitors, resulting in lower duty-free purchase rates at the airport; on the other hand, Sanya, which is dominated by tourist arrivals, has a stronger consumer identity and a higher share of shopping; and on the other hand, the business climate at the sea port is stronger, leading to differences in purchasing rates.
The tax-free shop in the city opened up a tax-free space off the island. In 2019, the tax-free shop in Haiguchi Square and the tax-free shop in Jonglei City were opened. The tax-free shop was located on the first floor of the gunner's seat and double-ton seat in the square of the city's core area of cbd, with an area of 22,000 square metres. The tax-free shop in Jonglei City was located in the Asian Forum Area in Bohai City, with an area of 4,200 square metres, smaller.
As of 2022q1, the company operated 123 duty-free shops at the ports.
58 are located at airports, 5 at land borders and others (e.g. railway stations, cross-border bus stations, ports, etc.) and basically occupy the domestic airport duty-free channels, including exit duty-free and entry duty-free. Airports have a unique passenger flow advantage, and globally more than half of duty-free sales take place at airports. Airport exit exemptions are not too restrictive, while entry exemptions go from restriction to liberalization.
In April 15, the Council of State decided to create and restore duty-free border entry stores. In 16 years, the Ministry of Finance issued a bulletin on the policy of duty-free border entry stores, 13 airports in Guangzhou, Huanzhou, Shawshan, Chengdu, etc., and six water ports in Shenzhen Fukuda and Wang.
In mid-2017, the airport was exempted from duty-free layout in the capital cities of the first and second-line central provinces of the north. In mid-2017, the country was exempted from tax-free access to the airports of Guangzhou, Kunming Airport, Qingdao Airport, Nanjing Airport, Chengdu Airport, Urumqi Airport. In mid-April 2017, the Hong Kong airport was exempted from smoking and alcohol banners, an important step in internationalization; and in mid-July, 51% of China ' s shares on the day of the acquisition were eliminated, followed by China ' s winning bid.
In mid-February 2018, the company was exempted from acquiring 51% of its shareholdings in Shanghai and from operating duty-free at Shanghai’s Shanghai Ping Tong and Rainbow Bridge airports. In mid-March 19 the company was exempted from the Beijing airport.
A strong passenger flow base will provide the basis for duty-free airport sales. Shanghai Punt Airport is the country’s leading international passenger traffic, with international and regional traffic rising from 34.7153 million in 17 years to 3,851.36 million in 19 years, and cagr 5.3% in 19 years, and international and regional passenger traffic at the capital airport increasing from 25,644.5 million in 17 years to 27,574.3 million in 1919.
International and regional passenger traffic at Shanghai Pudong International Airport and Guangzhou White Cloud International Airport accounts for more than 90% of the total international and regional traffic at airports across the country, contributing high and stable revenues to corporate airport duty-free operations. As a result of the epidemic, international and regional passenger traffic at Pudong Airport and the capital has dropped by 8-90%.
Pre-epidemiological airport rent deductions have high sales costs and low operator profitability. Airport duty-free operators have to pay the airport a high rent increase. Prior to 2017, the tax-free rate for large domestic hub airports was between 20 and 30 per cent, and in 17-19, large hub airports were concentrated on re-enactment (capital, Shanghai airport), entry duty-free openings (White Cloud 1), and new terminal (white)
In mid-2019, the rent was $12.3 billion, most of which was given to the major airports. In mid-February 2018, the capital airport duty-free shop was exempted from operating, with a high rate of net interest rate of 5.8 per cent in Shanghai in 19 and was significantly lower than the level of profit from duty-free operations off the island.
Global retailing has continued to consolidate its advantage, reducing reliance on airport access after the outbreak. 64.6% of revenues from airport access before the outbreak, and tax exemption from the island after the outbreak, with rent supplement agreements with Shanghai, Beijing and Guangzhou airports, respectively.
In January 2021, Shanghai signed a supplementary agreement with Shanghai airport for rent-free shops. The new agreement depends on the progress of the epidemic and the resumption of passenger traffic along the international and regional routes at Pudong airport.
At 80% of the average actual international passenger flow per month in 2019, the “monthly collection” is based on the “monthly actual sales raise” and the “monthly actual sales raise” is measured on the basis of the “per capita contribution”, “monthly actual international passenger flow” and includes such reconciliation indicators as the “passenger adjustment factor” and the “area adjustment factor”. Under the new agreement, in 2020, the cost of rent paid to Shanghai airport in Shanghai was $1,156 million.
In 2021, a third year of contract (2020.2.11-2021.2.10) with the capital airport was waived. The operating fee was calculated on the basis of the base operating fee for the second year of the contract.
The annual operating fee for the third contract is set at $280 million, with a total impact on the net return profit of q3 in 2021 amounting to $1,140 million. 3) The White Cloud Airport replenishment agreement is still in place and high-valued as of 1 January 2021, but is sold at the end of the month.
The amount is calculated by including a monthly passenger flow adjustment factor and a monthly area adjustment factor; when international passenger flows are below 80% prior to the outbreak, monthly bottom sales are based on December 19 and no incremental provisions are applied; when international passenger flows are above 80% prior to the epidemic, annual bottom sales above the monthly reserve are based on incremental provisions.
For 4,375 million, it is more favourable than the rents paid on the basis of actual passenger flow; when the flow exceeds the expected annual passenger flow, the original base becomes a ceiling, and the higher the freer the sales, the lower the rate of deductions corresponding to the rent paid. (iv) Within-city tax exemption: active intra-market operations, waiting for policy to fall.
Intra-city duty-free shops have yet to be exploited. The tax-free city is currently divided into two forms, one being a duty-free city for returnees, and a tax-free rate of $5,000 per person for nationals in the second half of the year of entry. The other is an intra-city duty-free shop, which is currently reserved for persons leaving the country only for the purpose of booking in the shop and delivering goods at the airport.
More restrictive, tax-exempt channels have been developing slowly in our city, with a lower share of the whole tax-exempt market. Figure 59: Tax-exempt channels in China, 2017-2021. Figure 60: Tax-exempt channels in Korea, 2019
The “14th Five-Year Plan” proposes to improve the tax-free market policy and plan for the creation of a number of duty-free stores in China: the city of the country has also introduced policies to encourage the development of tax-free shops and promote tax-free access to a number of them.
As the global epidemic moves forward and exits and clears the country, it is expected that the policy of duty-free intra-city shops targeting expatriates will be followed further by a global retail tourism leader whose advantage will continue to be consolidated in the 14th Five-Year National Economic and Social Development.
Improving the policy of duty-free shops in the city and planning for the construction of a number of duty-free shops in China's special cities.
In mid-2019, tax-free shops were exempted from acquiring 100% of the shares of China’s Hong Kong Central Bank Assets Company, and Hong Kong Central Bank Assets Company had the qualifications to operate tax-free stores in Hong Kong that were repurchased back home, while tax-free shops in Shanghai, Shanghai, Shanghai, Shanghai, Shanghai, Shanghai, Shanghai, Shanghai, Shanghai, Shanghai, Shanghai, Shanghai, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, South China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China
In addition, the company has entered into strategic cooperation agreements with several municipalities in various provinces of the country, with the prospect of fully benefiting from the policy dividend once the policy is in place. (v) Tax operations: there are tax developments on the epidemic ' s lifeline and multiple platforms to work together.
Tax businesses include airport commerce, high iron commerce, retail sale of Chinese specialty products, retail sale of licensed goods, and so on. Taxed goods are sold through different tourism retail channels, including on-line, at ports, off-island, within the city, and his tourism retail channels.
Figure 64: Tax-free business, global tourism retail leader, continued consolidation of dominance, the impact of the epidemic contributed to avoiding the acceleration of online business layouts.
The online business not only compensates for the decline in offline traditional business due to travel restrictions, but further reduces rent costs, increases profitability, and helps companies to maintain double income and profit growth during the epidemic. In 2020-2021, the online platform’s operations were realized.
The epidemic has caused consumers to change their consumption habits, and it is expected that online consumption habits will be maintained after the epidemic, that online business has become sub-lined, leading to higher sales of tax items on the line, mainly in the form of fragrance, larger discounts and tax-free sales, which have had a greater impact on the Maori rate than in the past.
Companies have also been improving their chemical structure to raise the Māori rate. It is expected that, with the opening of the second phase of the New Seaport Free City and Seagate Bay, below-line sales will increase the Māori ratio compared to the premium ratio.
Combining multiple online platforms to work together to create a unified membership system. The online platform covers two services: a tax-free target: a tax-free basis, a pre-description through online channels, and a direct line mail line: a tax-based approach, a uniform purchase by a Chinese-Chinese-exempt group and a corresponding tax charge, and a direct postage by a consumer after a purchase. In February 2021, the company completed the deployment of a centralized crm system, integrating cdf.
By 2021, members had more than 20 million registered members, with a compound annual growth rate of 447.7% between 2018 and 2020, and tax-related business space based on a strong membership system.
Figure 66: Number of exemptions in mid-2021
Two-fold credit for shopping; two-fold member credit for birthday months; Diamond vip quick check; dedicated customer service line; exclusive reception room; private purchase
(i) Strong M&A integration capacity, combined with volume and flow advantages
In 2021, the top five retailers in the world accounted for 72.5% of the market share in sales income, while the top five retailers in China ranked first, with a market share of 24.6%, and the top five duty-free retailers in China, with 98.5% in sales income.
According to Frost Sullivan, this increase is much higher than that of other global head tour retail operators during the same period. Growing company size gives companies greater voice in business negotiations, allowing for continued optimization of the terms of the procurement business and full profitability.
The purchase of China’s 51% shareholding, 51% shareholding in Shanghai, Japan, and 51% exemption in China further improves the retail network. The acquisition of Japan’s share allows companies to successfully take tax-free rights to the airports in Beijing and Shanghai.
(ii) Upstream: excellence in supply chain integration, significant brand and product class advantages Middle-groups use centralized procurement models, and size advantages lead to bargaining power. Free of direct contracting with different branders around the world to purchase products, compared to other duty-free domestic operators, years of cooperative relationships and large orders for companies and suppliers
As a result, branders tend to be willing to offer companies greater concessions, discounts, and returns, thereby reducing their purchasing unit costs, which also guarantees more favourable prices for their customers. The company’s direct mining model ensures that goods are delivered directly from branders to the company’s logistics warehouse, reduces the intermediate link, safeguards the quality of the goods, helps to build a robust brand image, and
By 2022q1, there were 1,208 brand combinations, and more than 316,000 sku were sold, including 145 perfumed brands, 253 fashion and accessories, and 540 cigarettes.
Liquor brands and 270 food and other brands. According to Frost Sullivan, they are exempt from taking the lead in entering brand resources and other tax-free domestic operators at the top of the world.
The introduction of small brands and tidal plates, such as thombrowne, goldengose, which are popular with young people, attracts young consumers for consumption. There are 228 professional buyers in this group, with an average of more than eight years of employment as at 31 March 2022, and the luxury goods industry is experienced enough to capture market opportunities.
(iii) Middle travel: Retail networks are comprehensive, supply chain management is the most efficient retail network is the most comprehensive. From the first off-island shop opened in 2011, the first tourism retail complex opened in 2014 and the first cruise duty-free shop opened in 2018. After nearly 40 years of development and capital investment, companies have established the largest and largest in the country.
It also provides a variety of business models, including duty-free shops, tourism retail complexes, and tax-bearing shops. As of 2022q1, the retail network consists of 193 stores, operating 184 shops in the 100 cities of China’s 28 provinces, municipalities directly under the Central Government and autonomous regions, and operates 9 shops abroad.
China’s only free logistics delivery system covers the whole country. China has built seven logistics centres in Dalian, Shanghai, Qingdao, Shenzhen, Beijing, Sanya, and Hong Kong that cover the entire country and are under the supervision of the General Customs Administration.
The digital warehouse management system allows companies to closely monitor the movement of goods in the supply chain, to develop intelligently the best logistics routes, and to reduce the time taken to transport goods to retail stores and from warehouses to airports.
The supply chain is robust, smart, and accurately matches customer demand. According to Frost Sullivan, the 2021 stock week is leading the world’s leading retailer of headline tourism.
Instead of developing automated inventory monitoring and replenishment systems using big data analysis, which can monitor current stock levels of commodities and automatically generate alarms when stock levels are predicted to run out. Each store system will be linked to the company’s headquarters so that the company can monitor its stock levels in real time and centralize inventory management. The digital inventory management system allows the company to increase its stock.
Efficient management of goods, keeping stock levels at the most reasonable level. Global retail tourism taps, where advantages continue to be consolidated Figure 74: Social media marketing
(iv) Downstream: accurate matching of customer demand, strong marketing promotion, and emphasis on marketing promotion to attract. The focus is on member marketing, integrated Hainan marketing and online marketing, and the effectiveness of marketing strategies is enhanced through a large variety of marketing promotions.
Four to five company-wide promotional events, such as the Sino-Sun Spring Cloud Festival, the Sino-Sun 618 Festival, the Sino-Nan Island Free of Taxed Shopping Festival, the Sino-Nan Island Free End of Tax Festival. Companies consolidate internal market resources and external marketing resources, such as those of brand partners, to increase the impact of their activities.
The company conducts marketing activities through mainstream social media (e.g. microblogging, micro-letters, tremors, mini-red books, etc.) to increase the visibility of corporate tax-exempt operations and to attract offline operations.
In this context, companies have partnered with brands to launch a joint live broadcast campaign to promote sales. Companies will invite Internet red people, key opinion leaders, to share their shopping experiences at their online down-door shops, and to raise brand image.
(i) Seagate International Tax Free City: a new landmark for duty-free shopping is planned to be operational by the end of this year, with a total investment of about RMB 5 billion and an estimated sales area of about 150,000 square metres. Following the successful experience of the Interstate Tax-Free City, Seagate International will become a tax-free city with tax-free retailing, catering, recreation, entertainment, etc.
As of the end of August 2022, preparations for the installation of an international tax-free city were well under way, with more than 800 brands confirming their presence, and outreach and outreach efforts are about to begin.
The port is a gateway for nearly 10 million visitors per year. The new seaport in 2018 and 2019 received 10.39 million and 1.08 million passengers, respectively, and in 2021 it returned to 89% in 2019.
The future of the sea mouth is more diverse and frees up the potential for shopping. The main source of tax exemption in Sanya is tourists, and the number of visitors is larger than in Sanya, including tourists (especially those travelling on their own), business passenger flows, local residents, and the international tax-exempt city adjacent to the Straits of Jonglei. The opening of the city will make it easier for Cantonese and Guangxi tourists to shop, the consumer population will expand, and the tax-exempt income of the sea mouth will increase further.
In mid-2020, the percentage of cities exempt from duty-free access to Hainan Island fell to about 86%. With the opening of Hainan International at the end of September 2022, the size of duty-free operations will increase significantly, leading to a major change in the pattern of duty-free markets away from the island, bringing about a convergence between the sea and the south and south of the country, with a projected rate of market-free access.
(ii) Sanya International Free City Issue No. 2: Introduction of luxury brands and creation of a one-stop shop project complex, “Free shopping + high-end hotels.” Middle East tax free investment of $3.69 billion for the San Asia International Free City Phase 2 project to further expand the San Asia International Free City.
Construction began in March 2021 and is expected to begin in 2023, with an estimated total construction area of 76,500 square metres. The construction of the hotel perimeter was started in March 2021 and is expected to be completed in 2026, with an estimated total construction area of 96,000 square metres.
The project has completed the capping of the main steel structure and is expected to be fully completed by June 2023. Addressing the bottlenecks in Sanya International Free City and helping to upgrade tax-free shopping.
The first phase, number 2, will increase tax-free business space and address the lack of space for new brands to house and visitors. It will be followed by the introduction of high-end luxury brands, a rich variety of items, an effective increase in tax-free shopping class and passenger unit prices, and an enhanced Sanya tax-free city leading the off-island market position. When the project is completed, it will be implemented with Sanya International Free City and the Sanya Bay River.
The Keeshima project is integrated and complementary in its business style, creating a one-stop high-end tourist consumption destination in Sanya Bay.
The tax-free shop at Sanya airport is a major addition to the tax-free city. The plan is to expand 6,000 square meters and deepen tax-free business cooperation.
In addition, the three-phase airport tax-exempt project is scheduled to begin in late or early next year, with an area of approximately 1,000 square metres after the completion of the French garden. In 2019, passengers at Sanya airport amounted to 20164,000 cases of vomiting, and in 2021 passengers absconded.
With the maturity of the tax-exempt industry and the arrival of the later expansion project, the Sanya Airport tax-free shop is expected to be an important boost to the tax-exempt movement off the island.
On August 25th of the year, Hong Kong's main joint venture was listed and started to be traded. Nine of the cornerstone investors were introduced, including sovereign funds, large foreign and domestic long-line funds, large corporations and industrial chains, with strong up-and-down positions.
On August 31, 2022, H-shares were used to raise funds, mainly for international replenishments.
China Free International invests in the establishment of fully-owned subsidiaries in Hong Kong to exempt new international retail companies, which are primarily responsible for organizing overseas retail operations. It will also buy two to three retail overseas tour operators, focusing mainly on popular tourist destinations for Chinese tourists.
Improving supply chain efficiency and enabling each other online. The online platform will continue to develop after the epidemic is over. The online platform will continue to evolve. It will continue to develop the online offline business platform, develop the smart commodity procurement system and improve the integrated membership management system, and harmonize the front, centre, and back.
In order to break through the physical shop space constraints, the company is building and investing in the new sea port of Haiguchi and Sanya, using automated sorting warehouses to improve the efficiency of the sorting and distribution. More branding is being done online. Online platforms are also being promoted, and companies are planning to sell cross-border sales from Hong Kong and the Shenzhen Sea, hoping to replicate those from Cambodia, Hong Kong, and Macao, China.
Local direct mail, advance booking, etc., in conjunction with the down-to-the-line shop to attract each other.VI. Investment advice and profit predictions. The epidemic has a high rate of annual delays, and the duty-free consumer market is expected to warm up in the second half of the year.
Compared to 22.2 per cent; net return to mother ' s profit of 3,938 million yuan, compared to 26,49 per cent, mainly due to recurrent domestic epidemics, which disrupted the operation of shops and goods. The outbreak occurred in Shanghai in March-May 2022 and the company ' s passenger flow has recovered since June. The outbreak hit the sea in early August, causing a sharp decline in operating income in August. The number of people leaving the island at the South Sea Airport declined by 37 per cent in the first half of the year, and the number of passengers below the South China Line in August.
A sharp decline, with tax-free earnings from the island close to 70%, and fearing the company’s year-round performance, we have reduced the company’s overall collection and growth for 22 years to long-term growth. The Hainan epidemic has reached its end, with tax-free shops opened in August 22nd, and tax-exempt stores in the Oceanic Square, and the Sanya International Free City is expected to resume operations in late September.
The potential for tax exemption has not yet been fully stimulated, and new projects such as Haiguchi International Free City will establish a solid domestic base. Moreover, the listing of shares in ports will improve the pace of home-to-country construction and the acceleration of overseas market expansion, the international visibility and competitiveness of companies will continue to grow, and the growth space will be developed at various levels, such as supply chains, membership management, digitalization, etc.
Channel separation, pressure and opportunity: Sanya Exempt Shops Ltd.: 2022q2 affected by the epidemic, Hainan has experienced a sharp drop in the flow of visitors to the island, 20222h1 Sanya has received 39.18 per cent drop in the number of overnight visitors compared to the previous year, and Sanya Free Shops have been operating at $15354 million/-17 per cent for the first half of the year.
With Sanya's lifting of temporary static management, off-island stores in Sanya began to grow by -10%/70%.30% on 16 September, at $319.59/543.30/70.629 million per year. Seagate International Tax Free City: Seagate International will be opened as the largest retail tourist complex in the world, attracting luxury brands.
Residents will be able to raise the sales ratio for the class of fine items, which is expected to be RMB 2,080/30 billion in 22-24 years after the start of the operation. Japan: 22h1 operating income is about RMB 773 million/-34.74%.
The epidemic has repeatedly affected the flow of passengers, and the risk of quarantine policies has been tightened; the risk of exchange rate fluctuations; the risk of changes in tax-exempt policies; and the loss of return on new projects.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.