The reason for this is: performance rating.
> Events: Companies have benefited from a strong downstream demand, supply chain layout dividends released by the 2023 annual report and the 2024 quarterly report
+28.1%) The previous period relied on high value for money and competition, with full power at the level of a00: leading battery suppliers of hot-gate models such as long Anlumin (accompaniment of 32%), macrosmiev (a third supply), panda Mini (single supply), t03 (accompaniment of 31%). 2) Mass admissions, enabling companies from a wide range of management, supply chain, market expansion, etc.
Transformation: After the popularization of the stock, the two sides cooperated in the construction of the "3-ton high nickel material per year project" and the "20 gwh annual mass standard core project" for the new generation of platform vehicles, and the company succeeded in obtaining a global market position for the mass groups (lfp for the country with the trinity and lfp for the overseas); and successfully cut into the Renault-Japanese-Trand, Mitsubishi, with popular brand endorsements.
Supply chain systems, such as BV, have made positive progress in the b/c level car market. 3) Market share: in 2023, the company ' s domestic powered lithium iron was produced with a single body with a maximum energy density of 240wh/kg, with semi-solid battery-related technology in the trilogy system with a single energy density of 360wh/kg.
Storage end: a full product matrix, global client coverage, with the top 10 deliveries in 2023. Corporate storage products include a whole-of-the-world solution of a core, pack, battery basket, and storage system, with long-term stable partnerships with domestic and international customers such as national grids, energy groups, invenergy, and edison; global delivery of about 6gwh in 2023, with a ratio of 20% to 20%.
Launch of the Beijing car, new vehicle-driven heat in the city, resource and energy end: production capacity expanded in an orderly manner and took the lead in the sea, and the chain of “mining/selecting - lithium carbonate - both positive and negative, and auxiliary materials - batteries” recovered - weekly reports of the battery and energy storage industries.
Full access, coupled with an increase in the company ' s raw materials supply capacity. 1) Capability: The company ' s global planning capacity has reached 314 gwh/year (241 gwh/year + 73gwh/year overseas), the domestication of the United States market ' s capacity under the ira Act is becoming more demanding, the company ' s industrialization of new technology in the beauty 2. Photovoltaics is accelerating, and electric vehicles are needed
40gwh/year core +10gwh/year pack project approved, leading the layout process industry. 2) Resource end: The whole end layout of “mine + lithium carbonate + both positive and negative poles and ancillary materials” has been achieved, with mines designed to be mined more than 3.35 million tonnes/year; lithium carbonate is planned to produce more than 180,000 tonnes/year in the long term, with a current nominal self-supply rate of 60%; positive and negative materials have produced 147,000 tonnes/years.
Investment Recommendations: The company is one of the leading battery companies in the country with the highest self-supply of core raw materials and is expected to benefit deeply from the global power wave and the development of the energy storage industry. The net return profits are expected to be released from 2024 to 2026, respectively, in terms of demand and the dividends of the industrial chain layout.
Events: The company ' s 2023 annual report and the 2024 quarterly report, which benefited from high downstream demand, the release of the supply chain and improvements in the cost of public equity, and the company ' s revenue and profit performance.
Figure 3 Resource distribution dividend shows a steady recovery in corporate gross and net interest rates, and a continuous improvement in corporate costs at the end of popular entry in 42021.
Figure 5.224q1 corporate income of the same year + 4.6% and figure 72024q1 corporate Māori ring increase
In terms of sub-operations, the battery business is the corporate focus, the ratio of battery and distribution product receipts in 2023, respectively, the downside and the company market opening process are accelerating, the company battery collection continues to grow rapidly, and revenue from the company battery business continues to grow rapidly in 2017-2023 from Figure 102021 to date
Globalization strategy advances the “products/capacity/technology” of full-blown out-of-sea battery operations: power-driven, power-to-power ratios continue to rise. From its inception, the company focused on the development and production of lithium phosphate batteries, which have a long history of operating in power cells; in 2016, the company gradually sought to expand to the field of storage energy, 2017-
With the rapid growth of the global storage market, the company 2.1. Motivation: the transformation of the mass entry agency enabling company, which continues to grow rapidly, the company’s niche in the field of phosphate-based lithium-powered batteries, high value for product, a major hit on the a00-grade car market, and heat.
According to the Gable Car Data, in 2023, the top five users of the company's packages were on board, using Mitsubishi, the Great Wall, the North Gas New Energy, Gilly, and Chang An, with Mitsubishi as the company's highest installed vehicle, and in 2023, with 6.36gwh, representing 36.9% of the company's domestic vehicle load.
In the top ten sales in 2023, the company was the main battery supplier of the models, namely, Chang Anlumin (32% of company packages), Magnoliamiev (three for the public division), Panda Mini (single for the company), Snack t03 (31% for the company).In 152023, the country ' s sales of new energy vehicles at the level of a00 were totop10 (units):
Figure 162023 Approximate share of companies in part hot-marketed cars (the company, by its endorsement, is expected to accelerate its entry into the mid-to-high end new energy vehicle market. In 2021, the company was added to the stock market by the popular China by a waiver of partial voting rights, with 24.7% of the popular China stock as of the first quarter of 2024
As the company’s first shareholder, popular access has led to positive progress in internal management, supply chain layout, and market expansion 1) internal management: public equity has sent teams of experts to the company, global selection of management and development staff for the company, sustained improvement in the cost of the company, thanks to the wealth of management experience and excellent branding influence of the public, 2023
Cost of administration and sales decreased by 0.4 pct, 1.9 pct, respectively, compared to the pre-equity 2020 rate. 2) Supply chain layout: the partnership began with the rapid launch of the "Ten-Year Three Nickel Positive Materials Project" and the "G20gwh-Year Standard Element Project", in which the standard core project was based on the company's new-generation platform model.
Development and future coverage of 80 per cent of its global model, which is now in the stages of sample validation. 3) Obtained public global fixes: Cooperation to date has secured relevant public group fixes in China and overseas markets (of which the Chinese market is for lithium phosphate and trinity, and overseas for lithium phosphate), and as of 2023, the company is already in the process of establishing a core for the phosphate industry.
The total amount of battery products provided by the popular China is about 405 million yuan. 4) Market expansion: the company’s pre-positioning of the a00-class car market is expected to move gradually into the mid-to-high-end new energy vehicle market through deep binding of the public and relying on its good market and channel capabilities.
In Chirí, the customers of Highto-Vinfast have developed a long-term stable partnership and successfully integrated into supply chain systems such as Renault-Yinki-Trifin, Hiro (aion.y and aion.s) and made positive progress in the b/c car market. In 2023, the Ministry of Public Administration had a domestic power cell load of 15.90gwh, compared to 28.1 per cent, with 4.3 per cent in the city and fourth in rank.
Figure shows the rapid growth of domestic power cell loads since 192021.
240wh/kg, with semi-stabilized battery-related technology reserves. The company has continued to focus on innovation in research and development. Eight major R & D centres have been established in China, the United States, Germany, Japan, India, Singapore, etc., with R & D rates leading the industry for many years, with R & D costs reaching 2,061 million yuan in 2023, or +14.9%; as of the first quarter of 2024, the company had R & D.
(a) Lithium phosphate system: in 2023, the company released a new generation of 1,600 morning cores and battery bags, with single bodies and systems with energy density of 240wh/kg, 190wh/kg, respectively. 2) Three-dimensional system: the company 302wh/kg energy density has been achieved with a volume core; and there is a technological reserve for high safety semi-solid cell, with individual units and systems with energy density, respectively.
Appliances technology: the company introduced jtm technology as early as 2020 and, compared to other encapsulation processes (e.g. Ninderctp, Biadi blades, ctc), the company ' s jtm technology can adjust the size of the module by changing the string and connecting the number of cores.
Depending on the demand for battery size by the different car companies, with greater applicability and flexibility, the technical indicators for battery products in figure 23 are constantly being upgraded. 2.2. Storage energy: a full product matrix, a wide range of high-quality customers, with the highest market share in the world
The product matrix is complete, with multiple standards certified overseas, allowing storage customers to cover the world. The company ' s official advance in 2016, in the field of energy, has now developed a complete product matrix (which contains the overall solution of a core, pack, battery basket and storage energy system) to meet the needs of a variety of scenarios, such as large centralized storage, business and household storage, and has passed gb, ul, iec days.
Standard certification such as Benjet. The company has been active in expanding the global stock market and a wide range of high-quality customers, and has developed long-term and stable partnerships with domestic and international customers such as the national grid, the energy conglomerates, the energy conglomerates, Sumada, Shanghai Electric, invenergy, jinko, borrego, and edison.
Figure 24 has developed a complete matrix of storage energy products with a life cycle of much higher than industry averages, with the number of stored energy batteries exported in 2023 at the top 10 worldwide. Compared to power cells, storage batteries are more frequently charged and demand for life cycle rises, and companies have matured their storage battery technology systems.
The life cycle has reached 12,000 times, well above the industry average. In 2023, the company's capacity battery output was about 6gwh, or +20%, and its share in the global energy market was about 3%, the ninth and seventh largest in the world, and its market share is expected to continue to rise in the future as the company's strategy of globalization continues.
Figure 272023. The company ' s capacity to deliver batteries in the top ten of the world is limited by policies related to seabreaks, improved upstream layout, fuel maintenance, clear trends in electrodynamics in Europe and America, growing demand for battery production under the U.S.ira Act, and the company has taken the lead.
Energy + Technology is now fully out of the sea. 1) Capacity: According to the settled projects, the company's global capacity planning has reached 314 gwh/year, with domestic planning capacity of 241 gwh/year (King City base is the company's main export base, targeted exports to markets such as Euro-American, Indian, etc.), overseas planning capacity of 73 gwh/year (Germany, Thai base products are offline), companies under the ira Act
The United States localization process leads the industry (the company was approved for the 40gwh/year grid +10gwh/year pack project, whereas Ning Dynasty, which was mainly a technical authorization in the United States, was able to plan production capacity at billions of latitudes at 2.1gwh/year) and is expected to be the first to enjoy the full-scale electrodynamic dividend. 2) Technology: the company provides battery-related training for overseas cooperative car companies, such as the general public, signed with noobat.
The memorandum of understanding provides technical cooperation in the field of lithium phosphate and tri-dollar batteries, and actively empowers the new global energy market. The strategy of seaboarding has become more effective, with companies operating abroad fast-disbursing $6,427 million in 2023, compared to 90.3 per cent in 2023 and 90.3 per cent in 2023, against a background of globalization.
The chain of “mining/singling - lithium carbonate - both positive and negative - and auxiliary materials - batteries” is fully in place, and the raw material supply capacity is increasing simultaneously in the context of the expansion of capacity. 1) Miners: with global prospecting and mining rights in four mining segments, the size of the proposed mining has exceeded 3.35 million tonnes/year, and is expected to increase thereafter. 2) Lithium carbonate: about 180,000 tonnes/year of which is planned for forward production, with a domestic production capacity of 120,000.
Tons/year (currently 450,000 tonnes/year) and overseas planned capacity of 60,000 tonnes/year, according to the yield caliber, the nominal self-supply rate of the company ' s lithium carbonate is now 60 per cent based on the yield of 10,000 tonnes of lithium carbonate for 16 gwh batteries. 3) Negative and negative, plus 155,000 tonnes/year negative.
In the context of increased competition in the industry and lower battery prices, companies have shown greater resistance to pressure. The domestic power cell market prices continued to drop in 2023 (the end of the year price of the three-dollar cores was 5.5.2% and -54.0% respectively at the beginning of the year).
The company ' s battery business has shown a relatively high level of pressure resistance, with the battery business achieving a Māori ratio of 17.1 per cent and a 2.7 pc increase in the ring ratio in the second half of 2023.
Figure 302023 has seen a steady decline in the market price of power cell batteries (in yuan/wh) Collection: 1) battery business: as companies gradually move into the mainstream vehicle supply chain, with a vehicle-type transition from a00 to a b/c class, the volume of power cell output in companies is expected to grow rapidly, and the build-up of a global strategy for operationalization is expected to advance.
In terms of prices, as the supply and demand patterns of the industry improve, Māori ratio: 1) Battery operations: taking into account the continued improvement of the industry chain layout and the gradual release of upstream raw material production capacity, the company’s cost control capacity will increase accordingly, and Māori rates are expected to rise steadily. 2) Electricity transmission and distribution and other operations: assuming Māori coverage
The company is one of the leading battery companies in the country with the highest self-supply of its core raw materials and is expected to benefit from the depth of the global wave of electricization (1) The risk of volatility in the new energy automobile industry: the company will run the risk of a decline in business performance in the event of a large-scale recession in the downstream market for new energy car consumption and a cutback in production in the future.
(2) Global market competition increases the risk: the power cell industry is becoming more competitive, the future failure of firms to produce product rotations and enhance product performance will reduce their market competitiveness, corporate performance will be exacerbated by market competition, legal compliance data information will be used, research findings will be carefully drawn and the present report will be produced independently and objectively.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.