Aluminium prices are running out of profits, high-end markets are vast, and the South Mountain aluminium industry (600219) has been rated as having generated $10,545 million in business earnings in the first half of 2019.
Despite the weak demand for aluminium in the country, the company’s revenue has continued to rise, influenced by lower prices for aluminium. With a small fall in profits, the company’s potential for future development is high: last year, demand for aluminium in the country was weak.
Aluminium oxide as a whole is oversupplyed, prices continue to go low, aluminium prices go down, and, against this general backdrop of liquiditya market value (millions of dollars), it can still be seen that corporate revenue continues to rise and that companies are in the market.
The relative depth of 300 indexes shows the effort. While the growth in sales costs, financial costs, and research and development costs has led to a small decline in corporate profits, we still see the potential for the future of the company.
• Increase R & D, promote transformation, and continuously expand the market for high-end products: companies are increasingly investing in R & D, actively promoting supply-side reforms, breaking the foreign monopoly of technology, filling the domestic market gap, and meeting the needs of the fast-growing domestic aviation industry and automobiles.
The company has become a qualified supplier of aircraft manufacturing and parts and components, such as Boeing, Air Passengers, Loro, Sai Feng, China Shipping Industries, etc.
The supply of goods continues to expand; orders continue to grow for the BMW, the General and the Volkswagen auto mainframes, both domestic and foreign, and for the world’s world-renowned new energy automobile factories. Profits in the company’s high-end markets are expected to make up for the fall in aluminium prices in the future.
• Focusing on ongoing construction projects and the company's future performance is expected to continue to grow: the company's ongoing construction projects are continuing and progressing well, with 99 per cent of the large-scale precision model exercise project producing 14,000 tons per year completed; and the Nibentana Mountain Industrial Park 1 million tons of aluminium oxide project is 25 per cent complete and is expected to be operational by 2020;
The technical adaptation of the high-resilient high-end aluminium alloy production line in aerospace has been completed by 70%; the high-level evaluation _aaa can make 0.5% progress on the high-end aluminum production line.
The company’s revenue will grow further. _aaa_Aluminium in Nanyama (600219).
● Risk factors: unanticipated high-end demand, oversupply of electrolytic aluminium, under-progress in construction projects, expected volatility of Central American trade, changes in national industrial policy.