q3 improved performance, and nbvm went low, forcing value growth to keep China safe (601318.sh)
Recently, the company issued its third-quarter report for 2020.1 1) Investment returns boosted the performance of q3 with a narrow fall in net profit from the previous three quarters.
A positive year; a 20.5 per cent decline in the same year ' s net return of $10,041 million; a smaller decline than in the first half of the year; a significant improvement impact. q3 equity markets are warming, and returns on investment are increasing significantly. q3 companies have achieved operating income of $28,711.4 million in a single season, an increase of 13.22 per cent; and a net return of $34,358 million, an increase of 7.74 per cent.
2) The under-agent industry has not yet been fully restored, and the continued low Nbvm has resulted in pressure on the new business value performance, the impact of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, the disruption of the company’s work under the traditional proxy line, and a certain impact on high-value long-term guaranteed industries. In the first three quarters of 2020, the company’s new business value for life and health insurance was $42.84 billion.
In response to the challenges of the epidemic, companies have continued to upgrade their online business models.
Innovative initiatives have been introduced in the areas of workforce development, customer operations, and product operations, which have continued to build up dynamic energy for business development. Intergenerationals, in order to further advance their life-risk reform strategies, support the upgrading of proximate teams, and the company ' s overall upgrading of proxies ' basic management methods, further empowering the workforce, lifting quality and promoting business continuity. As of the end of September,
The number of insurance agents in the company amounted to 1,048,500, a 10.2 per cent decrease in the same year, compared with 8.4 per cent in the first half of the year, and the number of talented people accounted for an increase at the beginning of the year, resulting in an improvement in the revenue from the follow-up premium.
In the first three quarters of 2020, income from the insurance premium was $219,490 million, an increase of 11.5 per cent, or 1.1 percentage points more than in the first half of the year. The impact of the increase in short-term payments for guaranteed insurance operations and increased competition in the industry was 99.1 per cent for the first three quarters of the insurance, an increase of 2.9 percentage points over the same period last year.
Roughly 11,055 million yuan, or 22.4 per cent less than the previous year, the production insurance structure was optimized and non-car insurance increased strongly. In the first three quarters of 2020, revenue from the safe-car insurance operation was $147,072 million, or 6 per cent more than the same period, representing an increase of 24.45 per cent compared to the safe-car insurance fund, or 32.99 per cent compared to the previous insurance fund, or 3.43 per cent higher than the previous quarter.
4. Benefiting from the boom in equity markets, the marginal increase in investment returns was 3 percentage points higher than in the first half of the year.
Tax-exempt bonds and policy-based financial debt, with long-term increases. At the same time, flexible asset-liability linkage mechanisms are in place, with reasonable liability-end guarantee rates and optimize interest rates for asset-liability. 5) Safe Banks ' net profit gains for the first quarter of 2003 are improving and asset quality is improving.
In the first three quarters of 2020, the company achieved business income of $116,564 million, an increase of 13.2 per cent in the same year; the net return to the mother was $22,398 million, a decrease of 5.2 per cent in the same year, which was significantly narrower than the fall of 11.2 per cent in the first half of the year. In the first quarter of 2003, the net profit to the company was 6.1 per cent in the same year, making a single-season turnaround.
At the end of September 2020, the rate of corporate failure stood at 1.32%, compared to the percentage points. The company ' s coverage rate increased further, and the risk coverage increased.
In the first three quarters of 2020, the asset management business achieved net profit of $9.26 billion, an increase of 2.6 per cent over the previous three quarters, with a continuous increase in the size of the active managed asset; and the trust operation achieved net profit of $2,242 million in the first three quarters.
A 7.6 per cent decline in the same year, mainly in the context of the downside of the economy and rising industry risks, with the introduction of a much higher average daily turnover of 59.2 per cent, a net profit of 2,487 million yuan on safe securities, and a further increase in the growth of the technology strategy, the rapid growth of operations and the total income of science and technology operations in the first three quarters of 2020.
65,028 million yuan, or 8.3 per cent more than the previous year, had been able to build technological and technological capabilities through research and development investments, and to apply them widely to finance industries, and to accelerate the construction of five eco-circles, namely, “financial services, health care, automobile services, housing services, smart cities”, to dig deep into business scenes, strengthen technological capabilities, and help achieve efficiency and risk management objectives.
At the same time, as of 30 September 2020, the number of corporate technology patent applications had increased by 6,654 from the beginning of the year, and cumulatively reached 28037, leading international financial institutions.
The company’s emphasis on opening doors increased in 2021, driven by a combination of low base, strong proxies, and transformation gains, with a strong degree of certainty about debt-end growth in 2021. The macroeconomic recovery trend has been established, supporting long-term debt.
The rate of return is up, the rate of return on the long debt is about to be high, and the firm’s investment performance is good. We keep looking at the company’s future prospects, combining the company’s fundamentals and stock price elasticity, maintaining a “recommended” rating, predicting the 2020-2021 period in which I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research opinion.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report.