China's third quarterly report, 2020, was released safely, and during the reporting period the group achieved a net return profit, and the company was born in 1988 at the Shenzhen Snake Gate, the first of its kind in China.
A share-based insurance company has so far developed into one of three major insurance, banking and investment ventures, with 4.5 per cent of the core, with $75,446 million in operating profits from life and health insurance, a year-on-year increase.
Personal funds developed in parallel with financial operations on the Internet 9.2%. Life and health insurance Nbv. 42,844 million, 27.1% less than the same year;
Nbvmargin 35.7%, a decrease of 12.4 pct from the same year.
The models “Composite finance + Internet” and “Internet + Consolidated money investment return of 4.5 per cent, down 0.4 pct, by the same year”.
The two main industries of health care are the four main sections of insurance, banking, property management and Internet finance, which create a "professional, simpler life" branding experience for clients.
According to the data for the previous three and single quarters, the size and value of the corporate liability end were the most complete, wide-ranging and balanced domestic financial license plates. The first annual premium for the first three quarters of life and health insurance operations was 1.7% less than the same year.
For the first time in the year of disclosure of margins, the premium for the most closely held personal financial life group decreased by 3.2%, while the value of the new business decreased by 27.1% over the same period, to 24.4% over the medium term.
In addition to the usual industry, where the spread of high-margin products, such as health risks, has been hampered, the “scale & city priority” and the “priorization” of customers or the main cause of change, and the adjustment of product pricing under Internet insurance shocks have also ordered the entire margin to be held under pressure in the medium and long term.
The contraction in size has also acted as a disincentive to premium and value growth, with agents downing to 10,48,000 at the end of the third quarter, and 20,q2, after six consecutive quarterly reductions in 18 years q4, increasing their commitment to a “scale + quality” shift, with the superior manpower share showing the effect of the transition.
But the epidemic’s short-lived, with a decline in agent activity triggering a passivity reduction in the workforce’s demoralization, and a reversal of the indebtedness’s decline is expected. The source of financial prosperity in the East.
In terms of product risk, the combined cost rate increased by 2.9 to 99.1 per cent over the previous three quarters, and by 1.0 per cent over the medium term, reflecting intense competition in the market, the downside of channel-subsidized pressure-compressed cost rates and upward pressure on the rate of payment required by the integrated vehicle risk reform objectives, as well as an increase in the risk exposure rate of the disease to post-car risks, and hence the remaining pressure on production-risk costs, which is largely car-risk in the medium term.
The investment end was also the main factor in the corporate net profit and intrinsic value-added pressure during the reporting period. The company’s long-standing globalization risk diversification strategy was tested, with Hong Kong and overseas markets having largely underperformed during the year, lower dividends eroded net investment returns, and three quarters of total net return on investment, which recovered over the medium term, but declined significantly over the same period of 19 years. Overseas investment is expected to grow with the 21-year recovery of the global market.
The rapid improvement in the quality of assets is the best feature of the three-quarterly report on banking operations, with a significant decline in the non-performing lending rate and concern about the negative ratio of loans. At the same time, the provision for coverage rose by 35 pct, creating the conditions for the release of profits after the economy as a whole was better.
It is worth mentioning in particular the company’s science and technology business, which currently consists of land gold and car homes (both positive and negative), safe doctors (both positive and negative) and financial and health-care technologies (both traffic and data entry, negative returns)
The team is in the process of being set up. The company logo has been restructured into “financial plus technology” with more than $10 billion in dedicated science and technology every year, with nearly 110,000 technology practitioners, more than 3,000 scientists and 26,000 patents, and an unlimited amount of space to build in the future in the field of science and technology and platforms.
China is safe to serve as a domestic insurance leader, and is continuously accumulating its superior resources in the industry’s Matthews effect. Although this year’s transition has led to a short-term wave of indebtedness, as the impact of the epidemic subsides, the economy’s warming and the growth of agents are expected to be achieved in 2021.
Beyond this, the advantages of corporate grouping are evident, and the synergies are expected to accelerate. Future profit realizations at the level and at the level of technology are expected to bridge the gap between the long-term slowdown in profits and value contributions from the end of indebtedness, along with technological attributes, downside macroeconomic risks, market risks, liquidity risks, regulatory risk, and external risks such as the new crown epidemic.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Liu Jiayan, Bachelor of Arts, Wuhan University, Nankai University, “Mathematics + Finance” complex background. Four years of banking experience, five years of non-banking financial research, two years of banking research. First place in the 13th new wealth non-banking finance industry in 2015 and the 14th new wealth non-banking finance bank in 2016
The fourth team member of the industry; the first in the 9th Crystalball and Silver Finance Industry in 2015 and the first in the 10th Crystal and Silver Finance Industry in 2016 have done his own research. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.