28 October 2020: China ' s three-quarterly report for 2020 was published in a safe manner, generating operating income of 91.7.7 billion yuan, compared with 2.7 per cent, and a net return to the mother of 103.04 billion yuan, compared with 20.5 per cent.
China’s net profit of 10.869 billion yuan (60131.sh) is a +4.5% share. The profit of 6.15 yuan per share is a +5.1% share, and the annual profit of roe 20.9% is a decrease of 2 ppts. The net profit of the previous three seasons was yoy 20.5%. China’s net return profit of 103.04 billion yuan in Peace 3q, a decrease of 20.5% compared to the previous half-year.
Three-quarters group operating profit of $10.8690 billion, or +4.5%, of which life risk is attributed to the mother operating profit of $75.45 billion, or +9.2%, with an increase over the first half of the year, from the positive contribution of operating deviations and the impact of last year’s low base. Ten thousand people, the same ring ratio continues to decline, and activity and productivity are still under pressure.
Upgraded from the previous two quarters, 2) the agent's income drops affect the agent's confidence, 3) the manager's productivity drops, leading to a reduction in the worker's confidence. The company pushes forward in its life insurance reforms, optimizes the basic law, further empowers the team to expand and improve quality, improves the pool of talented people at the beginning of the year compared with the start of the year, and promotes onlineization through technological empowerment, increases in quality and supports the agent's exhibition and training. We believe that with the gradual release of the dividends of the basic law system and the further deepening of the life insurance reform, next year we will be able to raise the agent's quality.
The number of people and the capacity to produce are expected to recover gradually. The attitude of opening the door turns positive. Next year, the company's focus is on opening the door, opening the door well ahead of schedule (1 November to 12 December) and the product \triangleright
“China’s six-month review of the New Year’s Report: The liabilities continue to be under pressure, and the pre-life insurance reform will reduce short-stock sales of passenger products to eight years, raise morale, and thus increase productivity and activity. The sale of barrier-free products will be increased in December 12, with increased staff growth and training. The opening-up premium revenue is expected to grow faster next year, and Nbv is expected to raise significantly on a low base.
The annualized net return on investment is 4.5%, corresponding to -0.4pt. The annualized return on total investment is 5.2%, compared to \triangleright -0.8pt, resulting from the decline in the Hong Kong stock market, leading to a significant increase in fair value change losses (Yoy-151.9%).
The growth in non-car insurance is strong, and the combined cost rate rises. The original premium revenue for the first three seasons is +11.5 per cent, with vehicle insurance premiums +6 per cent and non-car insurance + 6 per cent.
\triangleright cindasecuritiesco., ltd House No. 9 West Side Street, Beijing City.
+24.4 In the previous three quarters, the combined cost rate was equal to +2.9 ppts to 99.1%. As the epidemic improved and the risk control of guaranteed insurance operations increased safely, the combined cost rate of insurance operations improved compared to the first half of the year.
>Investment proposal: The impact of the epidemic, the first three quarters of the end of the debt have been further reduced by nbv, and the amount of manpower and production capacity continues to be under pressure. Next year, in view of Peace 1, opening the door is much ahead, the product becomes more attractive, (2) the basic law is upgraded, agents are given more treatment and care, (3) the operational capability of the upscaling line is prominent, (4) the product is optimized according to the definition of severe disease, and we expect to achieve simultaneous growth in size and quality next year after the end of the life insurance reform.
Assets end benefits from higher interest rates and better equity market performance, and we expect asset liabilities to recover. Since this year, equity stock prices have fallen behind, and markets have not yet seen expectations of end-of-debt growth due to life-risk reforms, suggesting attention.
A sharp decline in profits; a narrow fixed interest rate tool spread over interest rates and impact on accounting profits; and an increase in reserves due to a 750-megaline shift. Figures 3: nbv (millions of dollars) and nbvmargin joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre on a monthly basis, which is responsible for non-monetary financial research.
Judinin, a master’s degree in finance, graduated from the University of Glasgow in the United Kingdom, worked in Taiwan’s Fu State Securities and Silver Securities, and joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2020 for non-banking finance. Wang, a master’s degree in finance from Boston University in the United States, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2019 for non-bank finance.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.