Biannual evaluation 2023: Significant increase in operations q2 Research assistant #new needs, new policies
The net profit is 1.339 billion yuan, equal to + 21 per cent, and the net profit from the non-return is 1.28 billion yuan, equal to +25 per cent. Of this total, the net profit from the return was 10.417 billion yuan, equal to 24 per cent, ring to + 23 per cent, net profit from the return to the mother was 935 million yuan, same to + 17 per cent, ring to + 131 per cent, net profit from the deduction.
▪ A significant increase in the number of days of operation and usage of semi-submarine drilling platforms: in the first half of 2023, company drilling platforms operated 8789 days, an increase of 772 days and an increase of 9.6 per cent over the same period.
The Platform ' s calendar day usage rate was reduced by 4.2 pct to 79.7 per cent over the same period, the semi-submarine drilling platform ' s use of the field technical service plate increased on a calendar day, and offshore operations continued: in the first half of 2023, the company ' s major lines of operation for oil field technical services increased on a year-on-year basis, with the plate ' s total revenue rising by about $10.6 billion.
In terms of offshore business expansion, the company successfully won the South-East Asia large solid and well-drilled joint service project, land abandoned wells combined and abandoned integrated projects in the first half of 2023, with excellent technical uniforms, to achieve the first breakthrough for high-end customers in the regional market; and the Americas successfully obtained the first breakthrough.
The completion of the project on integrated well-drilling services; the conclusion of a high-value service contract for solid equipment in the Americas, which achieved a good development of technical block services, from “dispersed contracts” to “large contracts.” The volume of ship operations increased further: in the first half of 2023, the company operated and managed three operational vessels,
More than 170 platforms, including platform supply vessels, oilfield protection vessels, increased the number of days of operation from 940 to 27191 days on a year-on-year basis, an increase of 3.6 per cent, including an increase in the number of days of platform supply vessels, construction support vessels, as compared with the increase in the number of days of operation of platform supply vessels, as a result of market layout and capacity adjustments, and a significant increase in the company ' s 2D collection workload from 1353 km to 1353 km
12931 kilometres, an increase of 855.7 per cent over the same period, while 3D collection, submarine cables and seafloor nodes were affected by the project arrangements, the volume of operations decreased on the same basis.
Quarterly stocktaking: Increased volume of work in each section, “integrated” development strategies, profitability is expected to take off in the future, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.