Incident: On the evening of August 23, 2023, the Interim Report 2023 was issued. In the first half of 2023, the company earned $18,874 million, i.e. +24.1 per cent, ring ratio - 7.7 per cent, and the motherhood net, i.e., 601808.sh.
The profit was 1,339 million yuan, or +21.4 per cent, and the ring + 7.12 per cent; the net profit from the deduction of non-retrogent mothers was 1,283 million Hu Xiao Arts, the research assistant in the petrochemical industry, the demand for oil uniforms recovered and the performance of the company 2023h1 improved. 2023h1, the average of Brent oils.
\triangleright costs $79.91 per barrel, which is still relatively high. High oil prices and global upfront capital spending rebounded to support the demand for uniforms, and the country benefited from the country’s energy security strategy.
The market for oilfield services has continued to grow in size, contributing to improved corporate performance. 2023h1, the most visible improvement in the company's revenue collection of drilling blocks, mainly as a result of an increase in domestic and foreign operations, and the continued improvement in the company's self-researched spin-oriented drilling rigs and the key operating indicators of the drilling system.
In addition, 2023h1 Company Foreign Gas Recovery 2021.11.03
The share of contract income in total contract income was 18.9 per cent, with the share of overseas contract income in the drilling plate amounting to 28.6 per cent of the total income of the plate, as well as three fees due to the financial market.
High Profit Growth in 22q1 and High Oil Prices . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
"At sea level of operations warming, the financial costs of 2023h1 companies + 317.4 per cent to 240 million dollars. "
Drilling services: The semi-submarine platform has improved significantly. 2023h1, the company's operating income from drilling operations is 28.6%. The company operates and manages 60 platforms (including 46 self-incented drilling platforms, the q1 performance ring has improved significantly, and the oil-dressing landscape has improved significantly).
14 semi-submarine drilling platforms), of which 36 operate in China’s waters, 13 operate in the area of international sea-crossing points or 2023.04.29, 8 platforms are on standby, and 3 are in the process of repair at the shipyard.
2023h1 company drilling platforms operated for 8789 days and +772 days (+9.6 per cent) of which self-propelled, semi-submarine drilling platforms operated for 6807 days, 1982 for +2.6 per cent and +43.1 per cent respectively, under the influence of cross-border tugs and overseas customer ship inspection standbys, increased during the first half of the year.
The rate of use of the platform has decreased in the same year. Prices: 2023h1 company drilling platform days equal to +3.8 per cent to $82,000 per day, of which self-enhancement, semi-submarine platform days, respectively, are held by Sindh Securities Inc.
Itd Field Technology Services: Breakthroughs in Overseas Operations. 2023h1, Company Oil Field Technology Services, Main House of 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing City.
Operating lines have increased on a year-to-year basis, with a total income of 10,623 million yuan, and the same-year + technology service performance has led to a steady breakthrough in overseas operations: the successful hit mark for a large solid South-East Asian well plus well drilling joint services project involving 43 wells with a two-year operating cycle; and success.
The winning South-East Asia Land Dump Service Contract 2023-2025; the successful winning South-East Asia Dump Project, which achieved the first breakthrough for high-end clients in the regional market; the successful acquisition of the Inter-American Drilling Integrated Service Project, which for the first time provided integrated services to out-of-system clients in the region, I
The physical capacity was recognized by clients; a high-value service contract for solid equipment in the Americas was signed, resulting in a good development of technical panel services, from “dispersed contracts” to “large contracts”, with high operating expenses on China's oil capital, which provided a strong guarantee for oil service orders.
This expenditure of $100-11 billion, the largest increase of 7.3 per cent in the same year, was 2023h1, with China Sea Oil achieving capital expenditure of 56.5 billion yuan, compared with 35.9 per cent in the same year, and the level of continued high China Sea Oil capital expenditure has prevented steady growth in corporate performance, with the company ' s domestic operations likely to increase steadily in 2023.
High oil prices fuel a rebound in upstream spending, and the garment industry is expected to face structural opportunities. We recognize that persistent capital spending in the past has been insufficient or will result in oil prices remaining at a medium-high level, with an expected increase in upstream oil and gas capacity expansion under conditions of growth without a significant decline in demand.
The problem of poor resource quality and cost inflation has also further reduced the real effective capital spending levels of hydrocarbon companies, and achieving higher crude oil production has meant investing in larger nominal capital. We believe that the global oil-save climate is likely to improve, especially at sea.
Large, this will provide business opportunities for companies to expand their operations abroad. Since this year, the global sea has continued to raise the daily cost of the rising, semi-submarine drilling platforms, which, according to market data, are already operating at 20203 (1 July 2023 to 18 August 2023).
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we project the net return profits of the company for 2023-2025, respectively, taking into account that the company will benefit from its competitive advantage in the future and that the industry landscape is expected to recover, risk factors: macroeconomic fluctuations and downside risks in oil prices; demand recovery will fall short of expected risks;
Upstream capital expenditure falls short of expected risk; geopolitical risk; and exchange rate fluctuations risk.
Member of the Committee, Member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's pool of experts, member of the China Price Association's Commission on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (COIAP), and for over a decade, working on research and advice in coal and energy-related fields, chaired the “13th Five” National Coal Survey Planning and Development Research, Revision of Coal Industry Technology Policy and Enterprise-related Advisory Issues, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2016.
Liu Hongqing, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the carbon-neutral and professional committee of the China Society of Environmental Sciences. He was an expert and assistant to the Director of the China Institute of petrochemical Economics and led research on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China Energy Outlook 2060;
In March 2023, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the major energy domain and research in the petrochemical industry.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, South-West China. Joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical sector. Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in petrochemicals.
He was a doctor in mining at the Chinese University of Mines (Beijing) and a senior engineer, former head of the Chinese Coal Industries Group ' s second-tier Enterprise Investment and Operations Department. He worked in coal production for many years, in technology management for coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations, and in June 2022 he joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre for research in the coal industry.
Lee-Wing, cpa, Master of Accounting, Esen University of Economics and Management, Germany, September 2022, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre for coal, coal mine intelligence, Australasia National University, Master of Finance, Southwest University of Finance, Bachelor of Finance, July 2022, Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre for coal, Wu Bering, and Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for energy and energy conservation and environmental conservation, July 2022.
Liu Po, a major management student at the Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 for research in the coal sector, and in July 2022 he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for research on large energy sectors such as coal, electricity and natural gas.
Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, Austin, University of Texas, United States of America, with three years of experience in industrial research, has been involved in electricity market conversion, virtual power plant applications, etc. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for electricity industry studies. Tang Jiyu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
Research in the natural gas and electricity sectors. The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.