Review of non-financial companies at shipping ports - 2024
Incidents: Merchant Ships (601872.sh) published in 2024, the company achieved 25.799 billion yuan, or 0.32 per cent, for the year as a whole, and a net profit of 5.107 billion yuan, or 5.59 per cent, for the mother.
The spread towards good oil tankers is weak and the multi-wheel drive is strong: in 2024, bulk and container ship operations brought to the company a significant net increase in profits from Wang Xewu. 1) Tanker market: global international trade in crude oil by sea was stable in 2024.
Middle East production limits, voluntary reductions in production in the Oec countries, reduced demand in Asia and Europe, and the return of large crude oil tankers engaged in large quantities of clean-finished oil shipments to crude oil in the fourth quarter. Freight-carrying rates for tankers have been high and low, with tremor movements: 2) dry bulk market: bdi averaged 1755 points for the whole year 2024, an increase of 27.30 per cent compared with the increase in Chinese bulk imports
Long and good-looking roundabouts are supported, large bulk ship revenues are rising significantly, but traditional seasonal market exits, Chang Fong Cheol are now ineffective or even reversed; 3) Merger markets: the situation in the Red Sea, the early recovery banks in Europe and America, the growth of emerging markets, etc.
The Atlantic factor underpins the oil dispersion fundamentals, with Oec+ re-production adding flowers to the oil pipeline: 1) the oil transport market: supply side: the under-growth of the crude oil tankers combined with a tightening of regulatory policies, leading to the withdrawal of the shadow fleet and an increase in the supply of efficient transport in the compliance market.
Monthly resumption of production, which is expected to lead to an increase in the volume of oil in compliance, or will directly benefit the transport needs of Vlcc. 2) Dry bulk markets: environmental policies implemented in a context of limited shipyard capacity and a high proportion of older ships, with limited fleet efficiency, but still sustaining market rent levels. West Africa ' s West Mandu mine is expected to be operational by the end of 2025.
Subbauxite exports are growing, boosting demand for dry bulk shipping. 3) Merchant markets: The recent events of the "black swans" in the cluster market have become a melody with uncertainty and a new norm in the run-up to the turmoil. Corporate clustering is focused on regional trade in Asia, with less pressure on supply, and demand has benefited from rising demand in emerging markets and the re-engineering of global supply chains.
A summary of the financial projections shows my personal perceptions of the target securities and issuers.
No part of the remuneration received by a person has been, is not, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly linked to specific investment opinions or views in the present report.