Merchant ship (601872.sh) 2024: Deduction of net profit from mother + 8.07%, high net profit from scattered and aggregating division event: Merchant ship (601872.sh) 2024.
Hundreds of millions of tons of nautical miles, an increase of 11.01% over the same year, largely benefited from an increase in the ratio of bulk ships to long routes, and an increase in the rate of ship reloading. Tanker transport: fleet structure and cost structure sustain industry leaders.
Tanker fleet: By the end of 2024, the size of the Vlcc fleet was the largest in the world, and the fleet consisted of 52 vlcc (161.07 million heavy tons) and 8 aframax (535.8 million heavy tons).
Operating: In 2024, the company ' s vlcc fleet tce significantly won, but the same figure was about 10 per cent lower, mainly influenced by factors such as the effective operating days caused by the installation of devulcanization towers, a slight decrease of 1 per cent, increased amortization of depreciation on the ship ' s upgrade, and an average guarantee for this point.
Merchant ship (601872.sh) depth report: All-blown oil is scattered, waiting for symbiotic symmetrical resonance to reach $3.29 billion, a decline of 16.09 per cent over the same period; branch net profit is 2,635 million
Dry bulk transport: the tce-run winning index for each type of ship increased the net profit by 72.24 per cent year-on-year.
Bulk Fleet: By the end of 2024, the Vloc fleet maintained the world ' s number one, the Golden Tower No. 127 (131.16 million heavy tons) in the west-city area of Beijing.
Yu; good-looking fleets arbitrage through cargo sub-lines; Panamanian fleets increase their operational effectiveness through long-term hedges and cargo sub-lines; superb fleets are leased in relatively low positions on the market; ships are operated on cargo sub-lines at relatively high altitudes.
Realising 1,866 million yuan, an increase of 41.99 per cent in the same year; net profit of the segment, a net profit of 1,548 million containerized transport: four seasons of increased capacity, with a net profit of 50.58 per cent for the year. \triangleright
Container fleet: by the end of 2024, including 19 ships (4.24 million heavy tons and 30.5 million tean slots), the bulk of the force was invested in high-growth South-East and South-East Asian routes, with four quarters of regional markets.
Rendering to 1,627 million yuan, an increase of 66.56 per cent over the same period; net profit from the segment to 1,314 million; risk factors: over-expected production of OPC+ crude oil; over-expected fleet expansion; under-enforcement of environmental regulations; geopolitical risks.
Major areas of transport, such as logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation and maritime transport, were covered by new wealth flows in 2021 and 2022, and joined in 2022 to study the aviation, airport and other sectors, including couriers, logistics and roads.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.