The fall in aluminium prices has affected the company's performance by preparing its own electricity and remodelling alumina shares (000807.sz) to boost the hydroelectric aluminium expansion project.
Aluminium shares published annual reports for 2018, with companies achieving operating income of billions of yuan in 2018, a reduction of 323.14 per cent in the same year; and a gain of 0.56 per share. (i) Aluminium prices falling and the cost of raw materials dragging the company ' s performance
Since the fourth quarter of 2018, the company ' s performance in the 2018q4 season has been significantly lost and ultimately led to the company ' s business performance throughout the year 2018, as a result of factors such as the continued decline in market prices for aluminium products, the maintenance of high and rising prices for major raw materials, such as aluminium oxide, etc.
Don't fall significantly by 8.77 per cent and 3.51 per cent; the average prices for electrolytic aluminium from raw materials for aluminium oxide and predating anodes are $2978.70 per ton and $3970.29 per ton per ton, an increase of 3.39 per cent in the same year.
Loss of impairment of assets by $631 million and increased management costs of the company to $628 million due to the increase in the number of chutes, resulting in a continuous improvement in the supply-demand relationship between the company ' s asset impairment and its management costs for the aluminium industry throughout the year 2018.
As the supply side of the aluminium industry continues to evolve, the country’s electrolytic aluminium production will remain stable, and the structure of the industry will continue to be optimized. According to the focus of the Ministry of Technology and Communications on the aluminium industry in 2019, the new production of electrolytic aluminium will be strictly controlled as the future of the industry.
The potential for high-speed growth in such areas as the construction of short panels and new energy vehicles is being adjusted by the January-February 2019 policy for electrolytic aluminium production, according to information from the Begawan region. During the two meetings, the Ministry of Finance offered to increase the size of local government bonds more substantially.
It is proposed to set aside $2.15 trillion in debt for local governments, an increase of $800 billion over the previous year, to focus on ongoing construction projects and short panels. Aluminium demand will be more resilient in the future, and industry supply and demand will be expected to improve.
The price of aluminum will increase without the supply of electricity, while the hydroelectric aluminium industry will purchase electricity out of the country. In its annual report, the company will take full advantage of the price of aluminum and the policy support provided by the company to replace its own electricity supply with the fruit that forced the price of aluminum.
The Division expects the average annual cost of electricity to be around 0.33/kWh. (iii) The company ' s hydroelectric aluminium extension and high-precision aluminum projects are steadily advancing.
At present, the company produces 1.4 million tonnes/year of aluminium oxide, 600,000 tonnes/year of solar carbon, 1.7 million tonnes/year of electrolytic aluminium production, and more than 800,000 tonnes/year of aluminium alloys and aluminium processing production. With the progressive commissioning of priority projects such as the company Joo-Tung, crane Qing, Wengshan Hydro-Aluminum Project, and the 6 million tonnes/year carbon phase II project, the company will produce more than 3 million tonnes/year of electrolytic aluminium production.
In addition, the production of self-produced aluminium oxides has increased as a result of the completion of the 800,000 tonnes/year production capacity, aluminium alloys and aluminium processing capacity of over 1 million tonnes/year. In addition, with the completion of the 800,000 tonnes of aluminium oxide construction project in Mansan, the production of self-produced aluminium oxides has increased, as have the construction of projects such as aluminum, 35,000 tonnes of batteries and aluminium welding, the added value and profitability of the products.
The company’s strategic layout in hydropower aluminum expansion and high-precision aluminum has been clearly defined, benefiting from continued improvement in the supply-demand relationship in the aluminium industry, higher downstream demand and expansion of new production capacity, and its performance will be stabilized. The company’s expansion projects in hydropower aluminium, aluminium oxide, aromatic carbon and other development projects such as aluminum, aluminium batteries, aluminum welding will be steadily advanced and its future development space will be expanded.
1) Aluminium prices have fallen significantly: 2) lower than expected consumption of aluminium downstream; 3) lower than expected production of new projects;