The product structure continues to improve, and the median price of white wine rises.
\triangleright achieved operating income of $4.856 billion in the first three quarters of the year, an increase of 42.8% in the same year, and net profit of $805 million, an increase of 78.54% in the same year.
In terms of product sales channels, direct sales buys $190 million, sells $4.63 billion, and surrogate sales remain the main channel for sales. Management costs represent 6.69% of revenue. In May this year, the ginseng made a price increase on high-end green flowers in the wine, at 20 years' price per bottle.
A 20-dollar increase and a 30-year line between the product upgrade and the original product price range. Under the influence of the high-end white wine price-fixing policy, some high-end white wine demand moves to sub-high-end white wine, leading to higher-end white wine supply and price increases.
In the reporting period, the company received advance payments of $504 million, an increase of 81.37 per cent over the same period, influenced by better demand, a strong dealer's readiness to prepare, and a strong willingness to raise funds. The company's performance is expected to continue at a high rate in four quarters.
Intra-provincial channels. Companies continue to consolidate 100 county-level markets in the province, ensuring that 1,000 core terminals are active.
The company has set up a “Ten Strategies to Break Through Markets”, mainly in the north of Panhua, including Beijing, Beijing and Beijing.
In 2016, the Hebei office was upgraded to a centre of operations, operating jointly with Hebei and Hebei Allen. The diversified market operating model of equity injected dynamism into Hebei’s market.
Sales are dominated by the Saffron series, which is expected to benefit from the construction of out-of-town channels and to maintain a high rate of increase in sales. Thirdly, profit forecasting and investment advice, a company that is the leader of the Shanxi province brand of white wine, is expected to enter the national market in the future and become a second-high-end brand of white wine.
The sale of new items was lower than expected, end-channel development was lower than expected and food safety was more important.
Wang Ling, Research Assistant in Agriculture, Forestry, Livestock, Fisheries and Fisheries, and Master of Accounting, Central University of Finance and Economics. Five years of experience in large asset management companies, joined in 2017.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.