Shanxi's system dividend was released and the business cycle went up, with each adjustment in the 17-year-old Sanxi's three-quarterly bulletin. 4.86 billion dollars were collected in the 1-3 quarter of 17 years, an increase of 42.8 per cent.
Reforms to release system dividends, high-middle-priced alcohol, power in Shanxi Province, 43% increase in income from 1-3q17, and some old white twigs at 3.3 billion. According to historical data, the rate of growth is estimated to be more than 50%, with 3q17 rising income at over 60%.
The number of businesses, 1,137, grew by 15% compared to the beginning of the year, and the number did not grow very fast, indicating that the increase was largely due to the company’s increased end-of-pipe capacity. The advance of $500 million was an increase of 81.4% at the end of the period, and the dealer was motivated.
Profit growth is higher than income, mainly due to the increase in the Maori rate and the fall in the cost rate during the period. The upward trend in the net profit rate is expected to continue.
30 years is planned to reach $458 in the fourth quarter, 18 years higher. We've been tracking a series of prices in the province for more than $450, which has been very effective. Also, according to the company's plan, the four-quarter marketing advertising is likely to increase significantly. So the four-quarter performance may slow down, but from a different angle.
After the launch of the high-mortality national certification program, corporate incentives have improved, and team motivation has increased significantly. According to the micro-drink report, the company, at its most recent meeting, “three-year missions have been completed in two years.”
It shows that management's confidence in the future is increasing. The wine is in the midst of change, the reforms drive the system dividend to release, the performance growth is more certain and more resilient, so there is no need to be stuck in the static pe, and the high valuation will be the norm for the next two years.
The reform of State enterprises has been less advanced than expected; the four-quarter performance has been lower than expected.
Taste, White Wine, 2017.10.9 Food and Beverage Industry Weekly - Maurer Prices, Wine Data Dissemination, 2017.10.22
Food drinks: Beverage making, souping.