The income acceleration trend has been established, and profits are exceeding expectations.
Three seasons of income growth is in line with expectations, and the accelerated growth trend is established: 1) in a single three-quarters, the Department has achieved $1.43 billion in revenues, plus 130 million more in the closing ring of the pre-receipt, and we've judged that during the three quarters, during the autumn season, there is a strong market and an accelerated income trend. Within and outside the provinces, the provinces have benefited from coal.
Growth in industries such as economic warming and tourism, with clear escalation of consumption, estimates that the primary gold prize has increased from 150 to 3 q in 20 years, with 63 more. Corporate channels have been flattened, with 1,000 pushers (about 1,000 people) in place in October, through ground pushers to the terminal.
Quantified coverage and promotion drive revenue continues to rise; 3) The stock market is booming, with a reasonable increase in good quality. So far at the beginning of the year, the price of 20 and 30 core monoliths has recovered by more than 30%, in the provinces, according to grass-roots research, with higher turnover among provincial distributors, low stock levels, and out of the country due to corporate construction.
Reconciling stocks in central banks, where stocks are at a reasonable level. Profit expectations are high, Māori rises + costs are well regulated. 1) Structural upgrades, with high and low-priced sales revenues of $1.02 billion and $340 million, respectively, in the company of 1-3q17.
In the second half, the company’s spending on the market outside of the province has been on the same line, and it is expected that it will return to its peak level of 12 years next year, with Māori paying the same publicity fee as +190 million, and selling the cost of sales in addition to advertising fees at the same rate as 4.pct.
The advertising fee is $190 million, mainly due to the company’s use of air advertising to raise brand power, such as watching the introduction of a brand-new ad entitled “China in the bones” and a series of ads, which have a clear effect on brand power. At the same time, the sales-cost ratio is the same as the sales-cost ratio by which the advertising costs are eliminated and the main cause is judged to be the same in real terms as the four-pct.
2. Shanxi Liquor: suddenly, as a spring wind, high income expansion + improved efficiency of fine management of channels + elimination of part of market subsidies after product prices. 3) The proposed funding of 64 million Shanxi professional basketball leagues in the 2017-2018 season will help
Over half a year, the forecast and valuation of profits is expected throughout the year: the company at the distributors' symposium in late July said that it would be overachieving the year.
Restoring, extra-provincial channels are in place,17 target tasks, achieving the 13% target ahead of schedule, and judging the acceleration of income expansion. At the same time, medium- and high-end product share is much more resilient than higher + price increases, Māori rate continues upwards, and the net profit from higher incomes falls.
5. Shanxi Liquor: A steady increase in revenue, a transformation of sales and internal drilling for net profit.