The results of the reforms continue to meet market expectations — the third quarter of 2017 was evaluated by Shanxi Liquor (600809), the third quarter of 2017 was published: $4,856 million was collected in January-September 2017, compared to the previous year.
An increase of 42.80 per cent, resulting in a net profit of 806 million yuan attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 78.54 per cent over the same period. 204 million yuan, an increase of 121 per cent over the same period, was realized for food and beverages, and the reform performance was continuously released, in line with market expectations.
In January-September 2017, the structure of the company ' s products was significantly upgraded, with the median high-priced products such as sunflowers and old whites earning 3.3 billion yuan, or 68.5 per cent, and the ring rising by about 2 percentage points from 66.6 per cent in the first half of the year. This is reflected in an increase in the share of medium-high-end products.
The performance is a further increase in the company’s Māori rate and net interest rate: January-September 2017, the Sanxi Liquor Māori Song Honghin company improved its management efficiency and reduced its management and sales costs.
Incentives such as company personnel, pay management, etc., have improved the efficiency of the company’s operations. According to our research, feedback from some out-of-town distributors has been extremely inefficient in resolving problems without reform, cumbersome in-house structures, and the efficiency of the company’s operations has increased several times since 2017 and streamlined in financial reporting.
The table shows that in the first three quarters of this year, the company’s management costs were 2.17 times lower than its gross operating income.
The share of high-end products has continued to rise; the company's markets outside the province, such as Henan, Shandong and Beijing, have increased rapidly, maintaining an “uptake” rating at 28 West Side Street, Peace Rixi Street.
Forge Fukuda, Fukuwa, the free-trade experiment in China.
17th Central China Sea International Center, 177th Metropolitan Highland, is overhauling the product structure, channel marketing, personnel, etc., and covering a wide range of links that are not as straight as expected.
Food safety problems, such as illegal additions, product expirys, etc., will result in a sharp reduction in demand markets and significant losses to businesses.
Any portion of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The company does not consider itself a customer for the purpose of receiving this report, nor does the reader with whom the company has no business relationship assume appropriate responsibility. This report is confidential to the company without its public disclosure or consent. If a non-corporate client receives this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but it does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the report, which are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values of securities or investment objects referred to in this report may be subject to change.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. For its other professionals, including but not limited to salesmen, traders, the company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report with analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance.
The company seeks to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only and are not an invitation or guarantee to purchase or sell securities or the subject matter of their investments.
The company and its authors do not bear any of the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.