Three-quarter reviews of 2017: continued high growth in income and elasticity of profits 42.80 per cent more than the same year; net return to mothers of 806 million yuan, 78.54 per cent more than the same year;
Profit of 204 million yuan, an increase of 120.99 per cent over the same period. The effect of the reforms has become increasingly evident, with the public sector achieving operating income of $4.856 billion in the first three quarters of 2017, an increase of 42.80 per cent over the same quarter.
46.81 per cent) and continued to make a breakthrough based on the high rate of growth in the first half of the year (41.18 per cent). With regard to cash flows, in the previous three quarters, net operating cash flows from companies amounted to $840 million, an increase of 45.24 per cent over the same period, and total market value/flow (million yuan)
In addition, by the end of the third quarter, the company's accounts were received in advance at the highest/minimum level of 12 months, with the company's high-end line of white wine and broccoli benefiting from a very high price increase, which is expected to be higher than in the previous three quarters.
In the last three quarters, high prices of white wine in the company were reported in Shanxi.
Subregionally, there was faster growth within and outside the company's provinces in the single three quarters, with higher growth within and within the province The performance forecast rating: more than expected performance was reported, slightly faster than out of the country. In the first three quarters, the share of intra-company market sales was 60.87 per cent (in the single three quarters).
Review: Sales company changes personnel mechanisms, missions cost efficiency increases, net interest rates increase significantly in the first three quarters of 2017, and companies return to their homes as a result of lower management rates and sales rates.
6.69 per cent, a decrease of 2.2 pcts from the same year, mainly as a result of the rapid growth in corporate incomes, and 18.56 per cent, a decrease of 2.2 pcts from the same year, due mainly to better regulation of corporate spending.
In the long run, the company’s current net interest rate level of less than 18% is higher than that of medium-to-high white wine.
Low level, net interest rates are expected to remain stable in the future as corporate income increases and efficiency increases Profit forecasting and rating: this is the first year of grouping as a pilot business.
The company has taken on an important mission as a group theme. As a four-year-old wine, a strong brand base, and as a result of institutional reasons that have led to slower growth in the past, many potential market demands have not been met. With the group becoming a pilot business in Shanxi Province, it is now the closest company ever.
As can be seen, since the beginning of the year, the internal marketization mechanism of the company has been improving, external recruitment and market operations are accelerating, and corporate revenue has been realized.
In view of the company's long-term development, we have raised the firm's eps for 2017-2019 to $68, respectively, to maintain the “buy-in” rating.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.