The company is a global cooler control engine leading the way into new energy car heat management. Electronic expansion valves, four-way valves, microchannel heat exchangers are the world’s number one, cut-off valves are the world’s number two, car heat is the world’s highest.
Heat management is another fast-growing sub-sector in the new energy automobile industry. The current electric car heat management system is worth $5,000, with the global market reaching 25 billion in 2020, surpassing in 2025.
The electronicization of parts and components and battery-related new and emerging components: electric compressors, electric pumps, electro-inflated valves, electronic water valves, battery coolers, coolers, etc. are widely used. The company’s new energy vehicle heat management components are valued at $150-2200, and the new market is over 30 billion.
Good Performance, Tesla Quality Marks - III. Expected to maintain high market occupancy and Māori rates in 2025.
The steady development of suppliers tied to the heat management level, with four of the top five international heat management providers, Fareaux, Mahler, Hannan, Air Conditioning International, being the main clients of the three-spray zero.
Model3 production is essential for the company. The company's exclusive supply of Teslamodel3 heat management spare parts, valued at $2,000, with 110,000 per vehicle, yielding about 233 million yuan, and 200,000 yuan per product, with 408 million yuan.
Domestic refrigeration is growing steadily, gradually opening up the commercial sector. Valves rely on air conditioning, refrigerators, and the tourism industry to maintain a more stable growth rate, with electronic expansion valves growing faster as domestic FAC penetration increases. Microchannel heat exchangers, with their advantage of high heat transfer efficiency and energy inefficiency, have a clear tendency to replace them;
After the acquisition of Avico in 2012, the country’s coffee machine was lost in 2015 and the penetration rate of the dishwasher is still low, and business is expected to grow with rising consumption and the spread of smart household electricity. Companies are the world’s leading manufacturers of refrigeration control devices, zero-infusion of steam, and new-energy car heaters.
(a) The development of new energy vehicles has fallen short of expectations; there has been a decline in the share of major product markets, and prices of products have fallen faster than expected;
The company is the leading global cooler unit, injected in 2017 with a three-spray zero, active deployment of new energy, car heat management. Automobile heat-inflating valves are the number one in the country, the second in the world, and the electron-inflating valves should be used for electric car heat management systems, batteries coolers, electric pumps, water coolers, etc., to become future masters.
The company is able to supply receptacles, heat-inflating valves, pumps, heat-resilient valves, oil coolers, etc. with a single vehicle value of $200-400, with a projected global market space of nearly 30 billion in 2020; and the new energy-inflated thermal management system is capable of supplying receptacles, heat-inflating valves, electron-inflating valves, electric pumps, batteries.
Coolers, coolers, presses, etc., worth about $1,500-2200, estimated to be around 15 billion in domestic market space in 2025, and more than 30 billion in global market space. Four of the top five international suppliers, Fareo, Mahler, Hanna, Air Condition International, are all three-loaded.
Major clients, the steady development of first-tier suppliers, directly responsible for the growth of the three flower business; the company ' s exclusive supply of spare parts for the management of Te Slahe, with a single-car value of $2,000, and the production of model3, which is important for the growth of the three-flower business, is directly pulled and has considerable scope for increase; and in the management of spare parts for the management of new energy vehicles,
2.1 The new energy car heat management system has a single car of $5,000, with a net incremental market of over 80 billion, and a fast growth of the new energy vehicle 2.1.1
With regard to traditional vehicles, the country ' s rapid growth in the sale of whole vehicles is slowing down and is expected to peak in 2020 at around 30 million vehicles per year and 98 million worldwide, while annual production of traditional vehicles is expected to decline slowly after 2020 as new energy sources develop.
In the case of new energy vehicles, global emissions restrictions, strong national promotion, the maturing of the entire new energy vehicle industry, and the gradual expansion of the electricization strategy of the whole company have all contributed to the outbreak of new energy vehicles. In 2025, the country is expected to produce 7 million new energy vehicles per year, and 16 million globally, with rapid growth.
2.1.2 Traditional car heat management system bicycles valued at $250 million, market size of 100 billion 2 Automobile heat management integrates vehicle motors, power aggregates, air conditioners, batteries, electric power units and related components and subsystems from a vehicle-wide perspective to match, optimize and control, on the one hand, the associated components and subsystems of high power electrical components
The proof function unit works in the best temperature working areas to reduce energy losses while increasing energy utilization rates to ensure the safety, motivation and economy of vehicle operations.2 The conventional heat management study is on temperature control in the engine chamber and climate regulation in the cockpit.
The cooling requirements for key parts in the foot engine module ensure the safety and reliability of the power-based components at all times, increase the comfort of the crew environment in the compartments and optimize the fuel economy and discharge performance of vehicles, including mainly air-conditioning refrigerant circuits and engine cooling fluid circuits.
Figure 7: Air-conditioning refrigerant circuits 2.1.3 New energy car heat management system bicycles worth $5,000, pure incremental market over $8 billion2 entering the new energy car age, heat management range, mode of realization and parts and components are very large
The value of the vehicle heat management system is estimated at $5,000, and in 2025 it is projected that our new energy vehicle will have a market size of nearly $40 billion, and that the global market will be more than $80 billion. 2 cell heat management will become increasingly important. For core component power cells, temperature will determine their safety.
The heat management system is essential for maintaining the appropriate temperature range and homogeneity. The importance of heat management is increasing with the increase in power load and cell energy density of electric vehicles; the heat management system affects not only battery life and the ability of electric vehicles to continue.
The thermal management of batteries can be divided into a few technical routes of air, liquid and mutated material by the conductor medium: ° Using ambient air or air-conditioning, passive or active wind machines cooling down and having a simple structure at low cost.
There is no need to lay a pipe, but it is too inefficient to deal with colder and more hot outside environments. More domestic use is applied to the early use of vehicles and most buses, logistics vehicles.
Pipelines, but not yet produced in the experimental phase. Chart 14: Variable Materials Liquid Cold is the preferred option and the main direction of the development of thermal management. Use of direct contact media
(oil) or indirect exposure to media (water ethanol), combined with air conditioning loops or independent circuits, high efficiency, homogeneity of battery temperatures, more precise heat management controls, but more complex structural costs.
Figure 15: Battery independent circuit liquid cooling/heating 2 There is a new realization for the cockpit air-conditioning system due to changes in power sources and heat sources, with electrical compressors provided by the battery replacing the conventional belt wheel compressor, and the controller controlling the speed of the engine and then controlling it.
Refrigeration, regulation of temperature; loss of engine heat sources, low cost, simple structure, and stable working ptc heating program into the new energy automobile industry. 2 Thermopump system is the direction of future cockpit air conditioning. The heat pump system is controlled through multiple pumps and valves.
The system, with a second compression process, can move heat from low temperature to high temperature, thus achieving summer cold winter heat, with the advantage of high integration and energy efficiency performance, but with high costs and low-temperature heat production and cooling problems to improve and need to be matched.
Special compressors and additional electrical expansion valves and heat switches or quadruple valves, sometimes combined with ptc, are equipped with only a few vehicles. For example, the general population e-golf, Odiq7e-tron, the daily leaf, Renozoe, BMW3.
Figure 17: Thermal pump systems and spare parts 2 power drive and high power electrical component cooling are also integrated into the overall heat management programme. Because of the new energy source, the vehicle works in high voltage voltage and high voltage, the drive system and high voltage structure.
Electronic components are more clearly affected by temperature and have low tolerance, so cool circuits in new energy vehicles are often laid in connection with them, requiring additional electric pumps, multiple circuit valves, pipeways, etc., with an added value of around $1,000, depending on how the circuit is designed.
2.2 Three new energy vehicle heat management bicycles with $1,500-2200, increased with the outbreak of new energy vehicles 2.2.1 Traditional car heat management parts with a value of $200-400, and approximately 30 billion air-conditioned refrigeration circuits on the market with compressors, condensers, receptacles, high pressure switches, high pressure checks
Connectors, heat-inflating valves (or capacitors), evaporation, low-pressure repair connectors, controllers, sensor 2 engine cooling fluid circuits with water pumps, expansion tanks, cooling fluid distributors, cryostats, heat exchangers, oil coolers, radiators, radiators, radiators, radiators (turbo boosters), controllers, sensors
In addition, there are fans, drums, and two circuits. Two or three pieces of steam are left in the traditional car heat management system to supply water receptacles, heat-inflating valves, pumps, heat-resilient valves, oil coolers, etc., with a single vehicle worth about $200-400, and the global market is expected to be close in 2020.
2.2.2 The three-flower package value of the new energy vehicle heat management component is $150-2200, and the trend of new energy vehicles in the new market over $30 billion also determines the trend in the electronicization of the parts and components level and battery-related new zero components, electric compressors, electric water pumps, electro-inflated valves, electro-water valves, battery coolers, cooling
The value of individual parts has been raised, and it has been extremely helpful to control the precision of heat management. Two or three steams are left in the new energy car heat management system to supply receptacles, heat-inflating valves, electron-inflating valves, and so on.
Electronic pumps, battery coolers, coolers, volts, etc., worth approximately $1,500-2200, with an estimated domestic market space of about 15 billion in 2025 and a global market space of over 30 billion. 2.2.3 Inflating valves are the first in-country and the second in the world, with electronic expansion valves erupting with new energy vehicles.
The main products of the zero-flash are the swelling valve (47 per cent collection), the receptacle (21 per cent), the temperature-resilient valve (15 per cent), while the electronic expansion valve business has grown rapidly with the outbreak of new energy vehicles in recent years.2 Inflating valves, both in the car heat management system and in the refrigeration system, are regulatory valves to control the flow of refrigerants.
A single flow valve, by controlling the refrigerant flow, provides a suitable refrigerant flow to the heat exchanger, ensures appropriate overheating, works to optimize heat exchange efficiency and prevents damage to the compressor. There are three main categories:
The simplest is the thermal expansion valve, which can only achieve passive and vague control; in the automobile industry, followed by the thermal expansion valves with electromagnetic valves, which can achieve a regular cut-off of refrigerants: prices are around $100, and only luxury cars can be used, slowly growing in size, year after year.
And e-inflating valves, which can be divided into lin-controlled, can-controlled and applied CO2 refrigerants by control and refrigerant, cut by electronic valves, e-inflated valves that accurately respond to changes in overheat, provide more accurate flow regulation, flow control.
Large, responsive, fast-moving, finely regulated, low-energy, which compensates for the unreconciled weaknesses of the captions and heat-inflating valves, and is better suited to the finer regulation of electron car electron and heat management.
Electronic expansion valves are now high, at around $200, with a faster decline in volume effect prices, stabilizing to around $110 in 2025.
In traditional cars, a thermal expansion valve is usually used: some luxury cars use a thermal expansion valve with an electromagnetic valve, and the replacement rate for electromagnetic expansion valves is divided into several uses for the gradual upgrading of new energy vehicles, and the overall trend is towards an electronic expansion valve.
1 x thermal expansion valve b) 1x electron expansion valve 1x electron expansion valve + 1x electromagnetic expansion valve
(d) 2x electron expansion valves + 1x electromagnetic expansion valves e) 3x electron expansion valves
The main competitors are Ning Boson Eagles, and the international ones are Japanese second-hand machines, Japanese tgk, and German Eghofegelhof. And the three flowers have applied the electronic expansion valve to the new energy car heat management system, rapidly taking over the market, supplying Tesla and Biadey.
In application, the electronic expansion valve, which is currently relatively small in terms of overall output, is now more expensive ($250) and has a high Māori rate of 55%, with a sharper decline (stable) as the overall production of new energy vehicles increases.
The scale effect is set at around $110, which also allows it to maintain a high Māori rate (more than 40 per cent).2 The expansion valves, thanks to the scale effect of more than 15 million units per year, have a stable product line, technology and quality advantages that guarantee the maintenance of high market rates and Māori rates.
In 2016, the product of the zero-breath valves collected $400 million. Three scenarios were used for the global production of new energy vehicles, and each scenario was divided into three scenarios: an increase in market share (cagr+3%), a continuation, a decline (cagr-3%) and a sensitivity analysis of the global market share of triple cost at 10%.
18 per cent analysis, with an estimated market space of 1.1 billion yuan in 2025, with a doubling of growth space for net profit of about 130 million dollars.2 The liquid receptacles, which account for 21 per cent of the zero revenue, are used in car air conditioning systems and are installed in front of the expansion valves.
end. With stored refrigerants, gas separation provides the system with liquid refrigerants, filtration systems impurities, absorbing moisture functions. Either conventional or new energy vehicles, one for each vehicle. 2 receptacles are aluminium processors with relatively low technical content and low value, but with a more stable price,
Māori rates are also relatively low compared to other products of the company.
Future changes in the market share of flower receptacles are divided into three scenarios: increase (cagr+2 per cent), maintenance, decline (cagr - 2 per cent) for sensitivity analysis, and the market space for triflower receptacle products is expected to be around $220 million in 2025, which is a steadily growing business.
2.2.5 Temperature valves increase with the spread of automatic transformers, and the other main product is thermostats, which can be divided into thermostats, electrostatic temperature valves and multiple circuits.
Speed tank oils are warm and the optimum working temperature is achieved for the gear tank, increasing the lubricating effect of the internal transmission of the gear box, reducing friction loss, and achieving energy conservation and increasing the life of the auto-voltage box.
Figure 33: Temperature-reducing valve unit prices and Māori rate trends 2-triple zeros, based on their professional competence in thermal expansion valves, have been recognized by U.S.-based, Fortelle-based clients, and the country has entered the Great Wall supply system and is fast-tracked.
Production volumes are now available, with the International Group of Supply Level Providers Air Conditioning, the Fareo Group, Korea erae, Shanghai Bundy, Cooper Standards, Bend-all, etc..2 Owing to lower production and higher prices in the initial phase, the Māori rate was also higher, mainly for the United States and German departments
High-end brands, with falling cost prices for scale effects and with the spread of domestic automatic transmission boxes, the domestic market ' s demand for heat-resilient valves will rise, and companies will be directly driven by first-tier suppliers.2 Compared with joint venturers and developed countries, the rate of penetration of autonomous brands in their cars is low.
In 2017, there was only 40% penetration, compared to 92% penetration, 87%, 81%, 80%, 76%, respectively, of solar, American, German, Korean, legal, automatic transmission boxes. The penetration rate of automatic transmission boxes increased steadily.
Accumulation, and the cost of automatic gearing boxes, is high, but with the rise of an autonomous branding plant as well as continuous research and development investment by its suppliers, mature automatic rate changer products have emerged to gradually complete the plant, such as Van Liyan, Dong An power, double forest shares, etc.; and the price of automatic changeboxes has fallen, from the point of view of the supplier.
The proportion of major brands has risen significantly, from 14% in early 2015 to over 40% in late 2017. This trend suggests that by 2020, the country is expected to have over 80% ATM penetration, and that the valve market is expected to reach 1.1 billion yuan by 2020, and 1.8 billion yuan globally.
The current market share of the two-and-a-thirty cut-off temperature valves is still low, mainly because domestic automatic transmission tanks seepage is about 3 million vehicles, with 110 million in 2025, and a shift in the future market share of the three-blossy temperature valves, with the spread of automatic transmission boxes, there is still much room for their growth.
2.3 New energy vehicle heat management spare parts are expected to collect 1.2 billion more in 2020 and 4.1 billion more in 2025 2.5.1 Three flowers driven by the first-level heat-management supplier 2 From the point of view of the first-level-heat-management supplier, four of the top five international suppliers are Fareo, Mahler,
Hanna and Air Conditioners International are the main customers, and the high-level suppliers in the heat management industry have a moderate direct benefit of the zero, with end-users covering the general population, Mercedes, General, Biadei, Gilly, Uranium, Wall, Jiang bell, Up, One and Broad.
The income from sales of the top five clients rose from 48.28 per cent in 2015 to 44.18 per cent in 2016, to $40 million in 2016, and the steady development of first-tier suppliers directly contributed to the growth of the three-flower business.
Figure 41: Share of company major customers in sales in 2016 2.5.2 New energy car heat management became the main point of growth.2 From the end client ' s entire garage, the age of new energy cars entered the era of fast-tracking, three-way cars.
The value of the new energy car heat management system components became its master, with the two or three pieces of car heat management system capable of supplying receptacles, heat-inflated valves, pumps, heat-resilient valves, oil coolers, etc., with a single vehicle value of approximately $200-400; and the new energy vehicle heat management system was capable of supplying storage.
Liquids, heat-inflated valves, electron-inflated valves, electron pumps, batteries coolers, coolers, voltage blocks, etc. . The vehicle is worth about 1500-2200 dollars, with an estimated domestic market space of about 15 billion in 2025 and a global market space of over 30 billion.
2 With regard to the management of heat in new energy vehicles, the company has identified spare parts such as Tesla, Biadei, Gilly, Urea, Volvo, Daimler, Volkswagen, Volkswagen, Episode, etc.
A total of seven projects have been identified for the exclusive supply of Teslamodel3 heat management components: thermal expansion valves with electromagnetic valves, electron expansion valves, electric pumps, oil coolers, water coolers, batteries, volts, single-car value around $2,000: and exclusive supply of motors and x electrons.
Breathing valves, bicycles worth around $250.2 Based on Tesla ' s global sales of 100,000 vehicles in 2017, and the model3 capacity climbs, three future production scenarios for Tesla are provided, thus extrapolating Tesla ' s contribution to Tesla ' s harvest.
Each product is provided on its own, and once the model3 capacity climbs, the zero items supplied by the three flowers will be directly pulled up and will have great scope to rise. 2.5.4 Three new energy heat management components will gradually enter the entire garage supply chain.
2 Based on the main new energy vehicles in the country that have been identified as supply relationships, Biadi, Gilly, Ul, and Volvo, Daimler of the new supply system: the three flowers supply electronic expansion valves and battery coolers, mainly for Biadegili, with a single car value of approximately
600 dollars to supply the pump valves, the next generation of vehicles is expected to supply more spare parts, such as electro-inflated valve batteries coolers, and the value of the bicycles is raised, with two models expected to yield 1.4 billion yuan over the life cycle.
Water cooling boards, mainly for the Volvo New Energy Vehicle platform, are expected to collect approximately $600 million over the life cycle, and electronic pumps for Daimler, approximately 3.59 million over the life cycle, with three flower camps expected to collect about $900 million.
2 Combining the supply relationship of the completed vehicle plant and the ongoing development of the Samurai project with the various garages and first-tier suppliers, with the development of the entire electric vehicle industry and the continuous production of new models, is equally sensitive to the three new energy vehicle heat management component operations based on three different production scenarios.
Sexual analysis, expected to generate 1.2 billion more in 2020 and 4.1 billion more in 2025, corresponding to three, household electricity operations: sound operation, 10 per cent growth in 2018, 3.1 conventional refrigeration operations: subject to air conditioners, extending to the commercial sector
The electromagnetic valves, quadruple valves, thermal expansion valves, electron expansion valves, cut-off valves, etc. produced by companies are important control devices for refrigeration air-conditioning systems, refrigerators that are either non-existent or missing, which are essential for their energy efficiency and environmental protection.
The company’s main valve industry is closely connected to downstream chillers’ power climate. China’s air conditioners achieved 180 million units in 2017.
In the next five years, the downstream industry of air conditioning, refrigerators, etc. will remain relatively stable, leading to the prospect of a break in commercial refrigeration. As demand rises in writing buildings, hotels, malls, high-end housing, there is much room for growth in commercial refrigeration.
Commercial self-controlled components are technically demanding, system-compatible, and so the Māori rate remains high and access thresholds are high. The current world-wide production capacity is based on imports, mainly in the United States of America, Danforth, Denmark, and the United States of America.
The company values the potential of commercial refrigeration and market development by setting up a commercial refrigeration component sector, which is based on its four billion-dollar commercial presence, depending on its advantages in the refrigeration sector, with applications covering the central air conditioning, cold chain chains, and chain of operations.
Large-scale refrigeration equipment, such as refrigeration, whose main product consists of various valves, electron expansion valves, electricity cut-off valves, and quadruple-to-valve markets, is stable. Between 2013 and 2017, the cut-off valves and four-triple-valve sales maintained a combined growth rate of 5-10%, contributing about 60% of the valves.
Intraval and quadruple valve sales, a steady growth in the overall industry supported corporate performance as a result of a return in downstream applications, such as air conditioning. The cut-off valves were equipped with two units on an indoor machine, with a market share of more than 34%, the second largest in the world; the four valves were used for air-conditioning cooling and heating patterns.
In addition, the company valves have been upgraded to high-end air, for example, the stainless steel quadruple valves (primarily used to switch refrigerants from heat pump systems).
Electronic inflating valves are used mainly for variable-frequency air conditioning, with rapid cooling, precise temperature control, power saving, etc., and are more profitable than traditional valves.
Māori rates remain at 35–40%. The company’s e-inflating valves in 2016 accounted for 20% of the total valves. The e-inflating valves currently have only six companies, including companies, with a 30% public-private ratio, the world’s largest.
The rate is over 90%, while the rate of variability in the air-conditioning market in the country is low, rising from 17% in 2009 to 40% in 2017. In the future, the rate of frequency change is still the dominant, with the e-inflation valves increasing in scope.
Globally renowned air-conditioning companies such as American, Grigor, Haile, Hittori, Pine, Samsung, York, etc. 3.2 Microchannel operations: microchannels have significant energy-saving advantages, mainly in the North American market, and heat-for-heat swaps have significant environmental benefits. Microchannels for heat exchange are aluminium-copper in materials, weight.
Less (reduce 50 per cent), smaller (reduce 30 per cent), more efficient heat transfer (30 per cent higher), more stable prices (aluminium consumption is relatively low and recoverable 100 per cent less susceptible to price fluctuations in raw materials), and there is a clear advantage in substitution than the traditional copper-tube-spanner switch, which is now widely used.
In 2016, the world’s microchannels sold nearly $3 billion of heat exchangers, while the global heat exchange was 50 billion (of which Europe and the United States accounted for 50 billion).
Large-scale domestic promotion is constrained by heat-making technology and costs. Microchannel heat exchangers are still in their initial stages in the country, and are largely constrained by two factors: the poor performance of microchannels in heat production, which is now dominated by a large number of factors.
To be applied on a single cold air conditioner, the cold-conditioned air conditioner is the dominant choice for our consumers: second, the advantage of aluminium copper is not obvious, although aluminium is less expensive than copper, aluminium is more demanding for the process, and there is no obvious advantage in the sale of the stacked processing fee. But microchannels, with their energy-efficient characteristics, still represent future heat exchange.
In the future, as technology develops, its heat-making problems are effectively addressed, processing is reduced, and demand for microchannels will grow, but domestic demand will remain stable in the short term. The company’s microchannel for heat exchange city is the world’s leading, mainly in foreign markets.
Forty-three per cent, with 47 per cent of the country’s cities dominated by a single condenser, with products spread from formerly single condensers to evaporations, heat pumps for heat changers. Ninety per cent of the company’s microchannel operations are currently located in North America, where there are three production bases in Hangzhou, North America, and Mexico.
Supply, while the start-up of the Hangzhou project will boost domestic sales. 3.3 Avico operations: improved profitability, benefiting from the universal dividend of dishwashers, faster market penetration of dishwashers in the country.
The structure is 72% dishwashers, 19% washing machines, and 9% coffee machines. As consumption rises, household electricity is intelligent, automated, and efficient. For the dishwasher industry, our market is still saturated at a lower level than in the developed countries of Europe and America (which have reached 50-70% penetration).
In 2016, the market for dishwashers doubled to 4.7 billion in 2017, an increase of 140 per cent.
The introduction of dishwashers by well-known home brands such as American, Hal, and Fang Tai has been gradually accepted by consumers, and their spread has accelerated. At present, 20% of the dishwashers in Aevico are from the country, and will continue to tilt towards the domestic market, hopefully benefiting from the dividends of the domestic dishwasher.
The company, after acquiring Yavico in 2012, restructured and restructured for three years (relocation of plants, consolidation of production capacity, implementation of mitigation efficiency measures) in 2015 to reverse the loss. There are currently two major production bases in Poland and Lake Shore, and new factories in Turkey.
In 2016, the Avico business maintained a good growth momentum, with a market expansion of $1 billion, representing an increase of 21.28% compared to the previous year. The main service to high-end clients in Europe.
Clients include international core white brands such as Philips, Mino, Bo Semenko, and Ileks.iv. Corporate overview: Home Power and Steam Zero double-wheel drive, 4.1 Refrigerator Lead, with domestic power, Steam Zero at its core.
The company is the world ' s leading manufacturer of refrigeration control components. In the field of deep-dry refrigeration, the company ' s predecessor, the Trifluxe Industries Ltd., formed in 1994, was listed in 2005 at the deep-seated site. In 2012, the company acquired the German Avico business. In 2015, it injected into the Triflix microchannel industry.
In 2017, it injected a three-flash zero. As a result, the company developed a development pattern centred on two business modules: a home-based cooling component, a car-heat management component.
Passage operations and the Avico operations; Zero operations are based on three-flash zeros. Growing valves and quadruple valves are among the highest in the world and are mainly used for refrigeration, such as air conditioning and refrigerators.
The products of the microchannel operations include condensers, evaporates, heat heaters for pumps, water tank heaters, etc.
The replacement of the heater has been slow and the business has remained stable overall.Avico operations include white home appliances such as dishwashers, washing machines, coffee machines, the main product of which is a memega pump, a water softening system, a distributor that is the core component of a dishwasher, and customers include rice.
The business is expected to benefit from the gradual expansion of domestic dishwashers and performance growth. ...The steam zero operation was combined in September 2017, with the main car heat management control component (temperature valves, inflation).
Production and marketing (e.g., boom valves, etc.). In recent years, the market for the thermal management of new energy vehicles has been actively developed, and 4.2 performances have continued to improve, with a relatively stable profitability, a steady increase in revenue and net profits, and a healthy financial position.
The ratio of high-additional products, such as large electronic expansion valves, has accelerated the push for new products, and performance has increased steadily from year to year. The net return profit has risen from $320 million in 2013 to $860 million in 2016, with compound increases taking advantage of the pre-existing advantages in thermal management, and further performance is expected to rise.
The company’s fists are in the refrigeration industry, with 60% of the total in 2016, and its Māori rate is 34% high. For refrigeration, the company is further commercialized while consolidating its former domestic air conditioning and refrigerator components.
Micro-channel operations and Avico operations combined account for about 30% of the total. The company's combined Māori rate is 30% and its profitability is stable.
Its sales markets cover dozens of countries and territories, including Japan, Thailand, Singapore, the United States, Europe, and have production bases in the United States, Poland, Mexico, Thailand, etc.
Nearly half of the equipment is out: 80 per cent of the market for microchannel operations is in North America: nearly half of the business is in Avico, and in Europe, further expansion will be made to the Asia-Pacific region. 4.3 Focus on technology development, with products upgraded from parts to systems.
Research and development (R & D) investment continues to rise, with a relatively large share of R & D personnel. The company’s rising R & D costs from 2008 reflect the importance it attaches to technology.
The company focused on technology, keeping it a long-term leader in the industry. In 2017, with its electronic expansion valve product, China’s auto parts and components industry received for the first time the Paceaward Innovation Award, which is considered an “Oscar” for the global zero industry.
Flower Zero has a total of 122 domestic patents, of which 49 are patents for inventions, 25 are patents for practical new applications and 48 are patents for design appearances.
The company's refrigeration components have been recognized by the market and have been involved in a number of technical standard discussions and the development of refrigeration components. Its product series has evolved from the original air conditioners, refrigerators, individual components, to the integration of frequency controls and systems.
Figure 76: Company development from individual parts to systems (in the case of home air conditioning systems) V. Profit forecasting and investment proposals
5.1 Key assumptions and profit projections: 2-voltage zero operations: very high rate of expansion valves, 37 per cent in the country, 16 per cent globally, maintenance of traditional vehicles, rapid growth in new energy vehicles; steady growth of receptacles; temperature-resilient valves with automatic rate-changer tank penetration
The main client, Tesla, is expected to produce 200,000 vehicles in 2018, of which Model3 is expected to produce 110,000 vehicles and a single-car supply of $2,000, with an estimated income of $250 million; and Biadi, Gilly, Volvo, Dymler, among others, are being phased out.
Refrigeration operations: downstream industries such as air conditioners, refrigerators, etc. maintain a more stable demand, product markets are stable, and the commercial refrigeration sector is expanding. 2 Microchannel operations: Microchannel heater cities are the highest in the world, with Mexico and Hangzhou projects coming into production
The landing is expected to lead to a further increase in production and sales.Avico Operations: The turnover of business is positive, with major clients in Europe, followed by major domestic growth. 2 companies are the world’s leading manufacturer of refrigeration control components, zero injections, new-energy car heat.
Management operations become new points of volume. New energy cars are expected to develop less than expected in 2017, 2018, 2019 at 0.57, and 2 in 2019. If the growth of new energy vehicles is slower than expected, industrial policies will change temporarily, subsidies will fall and implementation times are expected to change.
The impact of the volume of production and sales has a direct impact on the company's operations.2 There is strong competition in the industry. There may be a decline in product market share and in product prices that are higher than expected.2 The cost of raw materials fluctuates. Raw materials are mainly metals, such as aluminium and copper, with higher prices directly affecting profitability levels.
2 The commercial refrigeration sector is not as open as expected. Currently, domestic commercial refrigeration components are largely dependent on foreign brands, which may affect the growth in the performance of the refrigeration business if the company’s commercial business is not as well developed as expected.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment