High and sustained growth in the performance of consumer durables and apparel, and continued dynamism of new products Events: company ' s recent announcement 2021h1 performance, operating income achieved in the first half of 2021
The company’s main business is the design, development, production (by commissioning production) and marketing of smart hardware, such as smart clean robots, the main product of which is the custom-made "mime scavenging robots" for millet, and the handheld wireless in rice.
Dust machines, and their own brands, "Stony-swipe-swipe robots" and "Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small."
The gross market value/flow (millions of dollars) shows an annual increase of 38.7 per cent in sales in the country's land-cleaning robot industry.
Rocks and Technology (688169) in the first quarter of the year 21 has cleared the floor robots and launched the Smart Dust Base. The company recently released its annual double-flag production, high profit growth, and continued activity in overseas markets.
Pinu10 (rock smart land scrubbing machine) and g10 (rock clean-up tow robot) have made clear breakthroughs in --2021/04/29 in automatic cleaning and towing.
Rocks and Technology (688169). 20 years of high-performance commercial robotics. The company's project has completed a small batch of tests, and has increased its cooperation by 69-78%.
Client field tests, client approval, product applications mainly in malls, large supermarkets, office buildings, etc. We're looking at corporate business robotics.
A commercial clean robot back-office management system and a stone commercial mobile phone app have been developed, allowing for a continuation of the outbreak and seeing the future of the company.
Profit forecasts and valuations. We expect the company to be owned by its parent shareholders in 21-23 years, with a sustained high performance, and a sustained dynamism of new products.
The Pacific Securities Corporation Ltd. is qualified for securities investment consultancy and has portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.