South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (WSRDC) performance summary: the company published its semi-annual report in 2021 and achieved $2.35 billion in 2021.
This represents an increase of 32.2 per cent; a net return of 650 million yuan, an increase of 41.6 per cent in the same year; and an investment gain of 9.57 million yuan, a deduction of non-net profits. In the single quarter, q2 companies achieved an increase of 1.24 billion yuan, or 6.1 per cent in the same year; and a net return of 340 million yuan, an increase of 0.5 per cent in the same year.
• The industry continues to be high, with multiple factors influencing the company’s q2 growth rate. According to Ovi Clouds, sales in the country’s land-cleaning robot industry increased by 38.7 per cent in the first half of 2021.
Six months ago, the company achieved sales revenue of $230 million. Of this amount, brand-scaved robots received sales of $220 million, raising their share to 94.8 per cent. During the reporting period, the company ' s inventory grew by 39.9 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the suspension of the Shenzhen Saltine Port, some of which was not delivered in time.
In addition, the lack of an industry-wide chip also affects the upgrading of autonomous brands and the optimization of profitability. During the reporting period, the company’s combined Māori ratio was 50.7%, an increase of 1.9 pp, and the Māori rate increased steadily, mainly by 11.9 pp for more profitable self-owned branding.
The cost of sales, such as hiring spokespersons, is amortized mainly in q2 and the cost of q2 sales is increased by 1.9 pp on a year-on-year basis. The management cost rate for 2021h1 companies is 11 per cent, an increase of 3.2 pp on a year-on-year basis. The main reasons for the significant increase in management costs are: (1) the increase in the cost of company share payments and the increase in the number of personnel in the functional sector during the reporting period. (2) The company is strong.
The R & D rate has increased by 2.6 pp on the same basis as the R & D costs of the chemical reserves and products. Taken together, the net interest rate of the company was 27.8%, an increase of 1.8 pp on the same year. R & D has been continuously coded and the product has been upgraded.
The patent/authorization of software copyrights/authorization of trademarks and authorship of works add 47/5/30, respectively, and the rich patent reserves provide the technological basis for the company's new product development, which has been running two series of t7s in the current period. With the high input of research and development and the efficient transformation of products, high-end flagship products continue.
Promulgated in August, the company released its annual double-flag new product g10/u10, which has improved significantly in terms of functionality, performance, and user-driven experience. Future company sales schedules, profit forecasts and investment proposals as new products are released. In the short term, chip shortages and maritime constraints have shaped the company’s operations.
In the long run, companies, as global leaders in the field-scanning brands, through active R & D investment, are expected to continue to build up the competitiveness of their end-products and are expected to benefit fully from the increased penetration of the ground-scanners, to achieve 1. Stone technology (688169): high-speed sales.
In the next three years, the net return profits will maintain a composite growth rate of 25.8 per cent, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Q3 performance growth bright, rock technology (688169): q2 battalion has a narrow harvest and brand business has a higher net profit than promotion.
Rocks and technology (688169): Autonomous brand sales have not been, nor will they be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report; Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the China Securities Supervisory Commission.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.