On November 1, 2020, the five-food fluids (000858.sz) issued the three-quarter 2020 report. The company achieved total operating income in the first three quarters of 2020.
42,493 million yuan, an increase of 14.53 per cent in the same year; a net profit of $14,545 million in return for maternity, and, secondly, our analysis and judgement, the revenue and profit growth rate of 03 is significantly better than the profit rate of 02 per cent.
Focus on new retail, digital layouts, and look forward to a transformation of the curved superbuses. Marketing innovation is an important part of the company’s new “second-starter” journey.
On October 30, the company adopted the second phase of the digital marketing transition. Looking forward to the new capital boom, through major data centres, block chains, etc.
After more than a year, the fragrance series of wines are now largely integrated, organized, organized, organized, staffed, and branded.
Roads are basically defined, brand clean-up has worked well, channels have expanded significantly, brands have grown significantly, and they are now in a fast-growing phase. 20h1 has completed the upgrading of the brands to market, and new products have now performed well.
The Māori rate has increased slightly, with a steady increase in three costs. In the first three quarters, the company had three costs, a report on the dynamics of the industry, a food and beverage industry: a focus on the performance of Mid-Autumn Day.
A slight increase of 0.41 pct over the same year; a slight decrease in management costs and a slight increase in sales and financial costs. A move forward to capture the value of a high-quality track, with a 74.53 per cent increase in the company ' s Māori rate for the third quarter, an increase of 0.72 pct over the same period, with a net interest rate of 35.83 per cent.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.