The "13th Five" call-off, the Xianghua Dragon's hand-over of the perfect answer - the five-food fluids (000858) evaluation report, the five-food fluid distributors conference, was held recently.
\triangleright reached $50 billion in 2019 and $100 billion in corporate revenue, despite the epidemic against the white and wine industry.
The impact was clear, but income from the first three quarters of the year continued to grow in double digits. From a brand perspective, the World Brand Laboratories published the Chinese brand value list for 2020, with the five grains ranked 19th, with the brand value increasing by 31% to $283.7 billion.
In terms of product, the price of the eighth Dip series has continued to rise, the price mismatch between brand and product prices has improved, while the classic five-food fluids have been placed on the market with a 2,000-dollar price belt: 12 cards, 577 products have been cleared, three brands have been highlighted, and a large national strategy of cutting-edge, five-food ol and five-food specialties has been launched in an orderly fashion.
The new product, the rationality of the product layout and the competitiveness of the product; from the point of view of the channel, the eight-dip-five bottles of the unit, compared to the trend of the depth of 300, increased the profits of a group of businesses from less than $20 a year to nearly $100 a year, increasing the profits of the channel while increasing the confidence of the channel.
Thanks to the “three optimizations” and “three transformations”, the distributors value the distribution rights more and the manufacturer’s relationship more harmoniously. The 14th Five is starting, and the opportunity is greater than the challenge \triangleright
Chairman Lee Jong-gwang proposed that “innovation, transformation, leapfrogging” be the three main themes and keywords for future development of the five grains. Looking ahead, in 2021, innovative breakthroughs in brand culture will be the cornerstone of future sustained growth: the fundamental driving force behind the five grains performance growth and price increases is the rigid quality of products and strong brand power, and companies are planning to create “empty” in brand promotion.
The combination of a combination of a combination of a combination of deep-seated five grain fluids to the history of the millennium, and a continuous story of the five grain fluids. High market share, high quality improvement, is the core objective: in 2021, the five grain fluids will make a major effort to build up highland markets and priority markets, with expected cost investments and public relations among key client groups that will continue to grow, enhancing brand awareness in key markets and facilitating further development.
High-brand visibility and high-end product promotion. The product system is a catch: super-high-end layout plus code -- on the eighth-dip-five, the company's commitment to making classic five-food fluids a strategic single item is the focus of the company's efforts to achieve a high-quality market share, and the key to the price increase in the new five-load marketing cycle, which is planned for the future.
Classic 30, classic 50 to perfect the classic five-food liquid product system with super-high-end prices, while paying attention to the discovery of old liquor prices.
Importing provides the basis for business with large business clients to enhance brand image. The process re-engineering of build-up and digital marketing is a guarantee of high-quality development: companies focus on the role of distributors in promoting strategy implementation, there is greater harmony in the relationship between manufacturers and price regulation in the face of continued improvements in profit from channels.
In doing so, companies attach great importance to the role of distributors: continuing to deepen the digitalization reform is a key to the sustainable development of the five grains.
The reform dividend continues to be released, the company operates well, the strategy is clear, the long sail is expected, the averaging method is almost equal. Given the company’s leadership and the certainty of growth, the “recommended” assessment is maintained.
The company’s financial statements are summed up in forecasts, including a bachelor’s degree in economics and a master’s degree in economics from Beijing University. In 2011, it entered the securities industry and is now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Private Securities.
Hao Woo-Sin, research assistant in the food and beverages industry, and Master of Finance, Johns Hopkins University. Joined the Institute of Private Securities in 2020, covering mainly white wine, beer, and author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The data used to ensure that the reports are based on the regulatory channels. The logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking, through reasoned judgment and conclusions, objectivity, impartiality, and not being influenced or influenced by any third party.