Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Research Centre (CEF) Performance meets expectations, reforms drive high-quality growth 3 quarterly reports issued by companies, 20q1-q3 operating income of $42,493 million, compared to +14.53 per cent; net parentage
The profit was $14,545 million, or +15.96 per cent. Of this total, business income of 20q3 was $11,725 million, compared to the expected performance, and growth was driven by a five-volume increase. Business income of 20q3 increased by +17.83 per cent, taking into account 6,000 tons, with more than 5,000 tons delivered during the same period last year, increasing the volume contribution income.
In the context of no price increases, traditional channels + group purchase channels are growing, batch prices are still around $960, and long-term branding can continue to grow. Product structure upgrades, and spending increases during the season.
2. 20-year-old super-expected opening of the door, strong fragrant head reform, +0.40 pct, predominantly 1) double boom recovery, cost constantization; 2) increased spending on channel purchase by the Power Group. 20q3 management fee ratio - 0.37 pct, turnover tax and surcharge ratio
After the mid-autumn, the price of a batch is strong, brand power and channel confidence are growing. The five grains are not only a function of the spirit, but also of the dynamic adjustment of the speed of delivery to control price premiums, more in combination with measures such as “new demand development (group purchase, power provider, liquor store) + digital system optimization + branding of investment attributes (digital wine certificate)” .
4. " Steady performance growth, sustained release of the reform dividend - five months, more than half a month of terminal inventory and good value chain performance " . In addition, the company ' s continued consolidation and upgrading of the eighth generation of " super-high end 501 " food fluids has been continuously strengthened along with the company ' s continued consolidation and upgrading of the market position for the eighth generation of " five-generation " food fluids.
With its own product structure upgraded, the “1+3” product system is moving well below its strategy. The goal of double-digit growth is achieved year-round, and the spring price station is still in place.
Large, the poo-priced five-food fluids open up the space and are expected to stand up for thousands of dollars by spring. The medium- and long-term viewing, high-end liquor companies are expected to maintain stability in the industry’s competitive pattern with excellent branding, solid channel control and strong downstream bargaining.
Liu Xiaotsing, an analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market, and then an average calculation of the final rating as an average market investment