The five-year-old three-year report was published. The 42,490 million harvest was achieved in the 1-3 quarter of 2020, a year-on-year increase.
14.5 per cent net gain of $14.55 billion, or 16 per cent over the same period, with a gain of $3.75 per share. 3q20 battalion harvests and 3 quarterly reviews of five grains and fluids.
With a marketing strategy of “triple loss”, retail loss syndicates buy, offline loss lines, and old goods, we've recovered some of the damage from the epidemic in three quarters. (2) The firm is determined in three quarters, and the bulk price has been rising steadily, reaching $960-980 in September.
The price of the plant was raised from $789 to $889 in June 1995 and the price adjustment was delayed, and the average price of the price of the plant in the third quarter of 20 years was still slightly higher than the average price, and the effects of last year's marketing reforms were gradually visible.
The 2020 performance target was achieved. (1) The company continued to evolve in 2019 and made a number of fundamental efforts, including the reform of the branding department at Headquarters, the completion of regional flattening and functional pre-reforms, the establishment of digital marketing systems, and the introduction of a control board profit model, which were implemented in 2020.
The company has played a positive role. (2) Based on accurate data on sales through the channels, the company combines the impact of the epidemic on businesses and optimizes the amount of traditional business plans available. The company focuses on building new and high-quality marketing channels with new retail and group purchases at its core, and officially initiates collaboration with the new wave.
There are a number of measures to compensate for the planned volume adjusted in the first half of the year, and the escort’s 2020 performance goal has been met. The downside price may affect the value-for-money value of the five-food liquid products.
Sino-Chinese International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting business Food beverages: beverage manufacturing