The strategic layout continues to grow, with more and more of the message, the ai, and so on, looking forward to long-term growth.
In the first half of 2023, corporate \triangleright’s consulting business, cloud intelligence business, letter creation and open-source & open-source business were in the forefront of the industry:
In the first half of 2023, the consulting business contracted several tens of millions of level consulting projects; in the area of letter-making, the company's enterprise version of the server operating system (issueos) completed the match with the mainstream national production server cpu/database/intermediate, while successfully winning China's mobile “Yun Smart Center” operation with the provincial firm 2023-2024
(b) At the computing level, the company works together with the & & & & & & & Totem calculation to launch "Soft-to-softness"
The s01052111003 training and integration platform is designed to match the depth with the different ai application scenes. The focus is on serving large clients, with the focus on expanding the emerging industries.
In the first half of 2023, companies were deeply involved.
The construction of ecological areas such as clouds, databases, ai chips, an ancient model, metaerp, etc., has also become an ecological strategic partner in the 100-degree dry sails platform. Companies have also set up new strategic industries such as financial science and technology, smart cars, and in the first half of the year they collected 3,075 million yuan, or 35.83 per cent, of their customers in the new and emerging sectors.
Of this amount, $1.993 billion was earned by clients in the financial science and technology sector, representing an increase of 19.36 per cent over the same period the previous year.
For six months, the company has invested $520 million in research and development. In industrial Internet, IT, AI, etc., the company has formed core teams led by industry leaders; and in artificial intelligence, the company's upgrading strategy.
2. Soft Dynamics (301236.sz) In-depth report: Hiring Lu Zhiwu, Professor and Ph.D. Professor at the Takashi Institute of Artificial Intelligents, People ' s University of China, as the lead science professor, to take over the new flag of the National Production Operating System (2022/11/10).
At the same time, it has led and supported the strategic development of the company, accelerating the construction of artificial intelligence and large model service capabilities for “arithmetic, algorithmic, data triad.” The investment proposal is that the company is a leading domestic firm in the field of IT, with its traditional business steadily developing, and its depth is gold.
It opens up the space for growth. While corporate development faces the effects and shocks of global economic downturns, inadequate market demand, growth dynamics and expectations that have not fully recovered, with some impact on short-term performance, the long-term focus on the big trends in corporate trust is likely to be at the heart of the industry, in areas such as Hong Mengola and erp.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.