The semi-annual review: Digital innovation shows resilience, strategic level, 28 August 2023. Digital innovation has risen steadily, and financial technology and smart cars have made a breakthrough.
Companies continue to focus on the direction of digital innovation and focus on fostering a new dynamic for healthy growth. During the reporting period, income from business was derived from: digital innovation, universal technology and digital operating services generated $3.849 billion (+4.75 per cent), 8.89 per cent respectively. Digital innovation income accounted for almost half of the total, rising steadily, and revenues from generic technologies were affected by the environmental impact of market operations, which was short.
The period has been marked by a slight decline in revenues from digital operating services; it has been relatively stable. In the direction of digital innovation, there is a continuous process of deep-farming, multi-tenths of advisory projects. Becoming the core of a large telecommunications enterprise's artificial intelligence and an ancient model, delivering and whole-store service partners; building cloud advice and integration, cloud-based development, data intelligence, ai and large models, iot
End-to-end service capabilities, including integration, cloud management, cloud security; full participation in the Openharmony project, built together, with the 2023openharmony project group code contributing to Top4; and the construction of car logistics management systems (lms) on the industrial Internet, with strategic collaboration with the industrial Internet, a two-way platform at the national level.
See: Communications equipment, Internet services, financial technology, high technology and manufacturing, respectively, earn 3,526 million yuan (-- in the area of financial technology, intensive participation in the digitalization of domestic banks, especially large financial institutions, and the signing of a new generation of paper system construction projects with nearly 20 financial companies such as Paulie, Ha, and China Energy.
A strategic cooperation agreement was signed with the Liaoning provincial government to establish the Liaoning Soft-Technology and New Technologies Division, to promote the development of the operational areas of the Liaoning provincial virtual power plant, the construction and operation of the replacement power station, and to launch the virtual Zou Yunfang
In the area of smart cars, more than 20 customers, such as the newly-contracted racers and the Lix cars, have won major projects, such as prizes, graphs, dragons, etc., and have worked in depth with a number of well-known car manufacturers. In our view, the company's transformation is moving in a clear direction and is in the process of digital innovation.
Lu is making a relative breakthrough in the areas of business and priority clients.
During the reporting period, companies collaborated extensively with customers such as Yun, Ali, Pedu, Microsoft, Tetsu, etc., to become the first partners in the cloud and ancient model, the joint innovation partner in the Tungai model, and the 100-lingen model.
The ecological partner, Aritunyi, asked the first industrial strategic partners to connect to Microsoft azure cloud gpt-4 and Xinding S.A. Ltd. became the first member of the open-source community council of Thinkmindspore.
2022 & 23q1 Essays: Strategic Emerging Industries Rapidly Build Solutions based on Large Models of Smart Combines, Smart Audits and others; Working with the Internet and its Big Clients, Builds around the Wall as an Information Eco, Focusing on Emerging Industries
Solutions based on the intelligent interactive experience of the ai+ar technology, the intelligent vlog experience of the ai+brain video technology, etc. At the same time, further enhancement of the digitization and management of its own operations and management through the integration of the ai large model into the business operations management digital platform, such as the business data management platform, the need for the management platform, the human resources supply platform (i).
Intelligent applications that enhance the efficiency of business delivery and operations support. The company has fully upgraded its ai strategy to accelerate the construction of a three-pronged hard-tech innovation ecology for “arithmetic, algorithmic, data”, as well as professional ai-service capabilities that include ai-advice, ai-model development, ai-data governance and security, ai-calculation centre operations, etc.
Building end-to-end cloud intelligence service capabilities, and overseas market operations are progressing. Companies build end-to-end service capabilities that include cloud advice and integration, cloud log development, data intelligence, ai and large models, iot integration, cloud management, cloud safety, etc., and form a "1+3+n" service system.
Cloud counselling, cloud transport, cloud transport capability base;3 including cloud service capability specialist pools (large data, databases, security, ai, cloud birth, etc.), cloud tools (over cloud management, containers, devops, database tools, migration and transport tools, etc.), industry solutions; n for insurance, banking, electricity, medical, education, manufacturing, etc.
Services. To better meet clients’ needs in terms of deep cloudization, the development and application of cloud-based products and services, such as infrastructure fertilization, applications, modernization, data intelligence, large-scale models of ai, are being actively promoted. In the area of research and development of cloud-based tool products, emphasis has been placed on cloud management platforms, container platforms, etc.
Davops platform, cloud database management platform, asscluditsm integrated transport platform, central cloud platform 3.0, soft skyscraper 2.0maas platform, etc. Cloud intelligence international operations have progressed, collaboration with cloud producers and local operators has advanced in Singapore, and delivery centres have expanded in Malaysia; successful engagement with sea and mainland countries
Clients work together to replicate the country’s cloud intelligence industry’s experience and mature cases in overseas markets. We believe that companies are moving in a clear direction, with relative breakthroughs in terms of digital innovation and priority industries, priority customers, etc.
Downstream demand is not as high as expected; technology overlaps are accelerating; and market competition is increasing. Namely, the team has a deeper stock of industrial resources in advanced manufacturing, civil-military integration, new energy sources, new materials, etc., and is good at top-down industrial chain research and resource integration.
If not, it will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. This report is prepared by China Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not about any area, country or other jurisdiction where China Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations or have made Chinese securities subject to laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are only provided to you for reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments or as an invitation to another person.