(i) Heung Swe Medicines: Innovative Crafts in a Global Perspective 30 December 2020
▪ Investment logic: multi-pound products such as Kareli Pearl Fight, Fluorine Palli, Giordini, Apardone, Sulphur Pephigstin, etc., approved and continuously covered by health insurance, entering the harvest period, with company performance expected to grow faster over the next three years; company internationalization strategy plus codes, pd-l1/tgf-beta, urat,
Jak1, ar, cdk4/6, pcsk9, btk, etc., declared clinical fda, and research and development progress is at the top of the country; performance is assured and equity incentives are required; in 2020, 2021, more than 100 million large varieties. 1) The company Kareli Wallstones successfully entered the National Health Insurance, covering four fit levels.
Responsive diseases: first-line non-small-cell lung cancer, second-line liver cancer, second-line esophagus cancer and second-line classic Hodgkin lymphoma, the first three of which are the only cancers in the health care negotiations to be paid for; 2) relying on six core logics: wide range of approved adaptive disorders, rapid expansion of adaptive disorders, health care coverage
Access has accelerated, patients are under-afforded, commercial teams have remodelled, and treatment lines have moved ahead, and it is expected that in 2021 the Kareli Pearl Bill will earn $9 billion in sales revenue. There is no need to worry too much about its non-availability, and the number of biotech-type companies pd1 may be on the market in the country is increasing, but they won.
We believe that the market size of the entire pd-(l) 1 market will reach 62 billion by 2025, of which the Kareliad card counter-market will account for 34.8% and sales will exceed 20 billion. parap and cdk4/6 inhibitors, for example, will become a new round of heavy weight products.
Peripali and shr 6390 will be the first indigenously autonomous parp (approved) and cdk4/6 inhibitors; 2) Four major adaptive disorders of ovarian cancers (the “incremental + stock” logic) and future pancreas cancers (clinical demand logic) are expected to peak in sales.
3–5 billion; 3) 2020 csco guidelines for clinical use of cdk4/6 inhibitors trapopa ethanolamine, phosphate Rigretine, phosphate stellar, famitoni, etc.
▪ Corporate strategy to strengthen internationalization, and strategy to accelerate internationalization. 1) Report clinically for the remaining 10 projects in 2020, giving sustained impetus to the company ' s subsequent performance growth; 2) urat, jak1, ar, exit from the epidemic, single-quarter performance
cdk4/6, pcsk9, btk, pd-l1/tgf-beta are among the most important current innovative drug targets, 202010-20 and R & D progress is in the lead nationally; 3) Dictoni, Kareli Pearl Unit, right-wing hydrochloric acid
2 Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Multi-products such as corporate Tomiteng have been internationalized, and multi-products have been clinically tested overseas. Incentives have stimulated a new round of medium- and long-term development.
4) Internal adaptive expansion + expansive innovation output, corporate R & D strategy profile highlighted.
The company’s future R & D pipeline is gradually being realized, maintaining a “buy-in” investment rating, and it is expected that there will be a difference between the sales of the database and the actual sales data.
Created in 1970 and listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 2000, by the end of 2019, there were more than 24,000 employees worldwide, known as suppliers of anti-cancer drugs, surgical drugs and film agents in the country. In 2019, the company achieved business income of $23.29 billion and tax revenue of $2.43 billion, which was placed in 47th place on the list of global pharmaceutical companies.
Research on Heng Swe medicine has helped us to see the history of China’s pharmaceutical industry, from imitation to innovation, and the history of Shun Swe medicine development is a microcosm of the transition of traditional counterfeiting companies in the country to the innovative drug Bigpharma. 2020 marks the 50th anniversary of the creation of the Department, and we look forward to a framework dismantling of Heung Swe’s medicine, recalling that he has developed over the past 50 years.
This report is the first chapter in the Heung Swe Medicines series, and we look forward to answering the question: 1) Is there a vision of internationalization in the company’s genes?
2) Of the many products on the market, where is the growth growth of the company in the future? What are the trends in the future under policy influence? 3) What is the core logic of the Kareli Pearl Bill’s resistance to post-health release? 4) How, from a global perspective, is the global layout of the company in terms of target, adaptive and technological dimensions?