Audio Holdings published its semi-annual report for 2022: the company achieved business income of $23.109 billion in the first half of 2022, an increase of 1.12 per cent over the previous year; and net profit returns to mothers.
zhaoxy@cfsc.com.cn, 7.33 per cent less than the previous year.
At the same time, sales costs decreased by 8.03 per cent as a result of the reduction in promotional fees; at the same time, at the same time, at the administrative level, the increase in the cost of shares recognized in the current period was higher.
R & D costs of 890 million yuan, an increase of 39.09 per cent over the same period, and an increase in employee remuneration compared to Sound Control Stock (688036): 1022 performances are consistent with weak demand in the mobile phone industry, and new markets are opening up.
Renovation of Māori Ring Rates is expected to push the global smartphone market into inflation and weak economic expectations, demand for mobile phones and a further increase in the share of emerging markets.
In the first half of 2022, there was a certain decline in corporate sales of smart machines in Africa and South Asia. In spite of the critical situation, the share of smart machines in the markets of companies in Africa and South Asia has remained relatively high.
Africa ' s smart market is ranked first, with over 40 per cent; Pakistan ' s smart market is ranked first, with 36.8 per cent, in South Asia; Bangladesh ' s smart market is ranked first, with 19.7 per cent; and India ' s smart market is ranked first.
The first half of the year saw an increase in sales of smart machines in Africa, outside South Asia, and an increase in new market opening strategies. Increased investment in research and development to protect the city’s rivers and explore multi-business growth.
The company took root in the African market for many years, created by high value-for-money products and home-grown technologies, gained a very high market share in the African market, with a growing branding influence. The three major mobile phone brands, tecno, itel, infinix, cover different consumption in Africa.
People, meeting the needs of different segments of consumers, and laying a better user base. Building on the dominant position of the African mobile phone market, the Department is building up a balance of hardware and software, developing eco-systems, exploring multi-business growth models, expanding products and mobile Internet.
Business continues to grow. In the extension business, digital accessories brands oraimo and household appliances brands syinix are created, and product matrices are refined; after-sales brands are created, carlcare, multi-site coverage of post-sale security services.
On the other hand, mobile Internet platforms, based on user flows and data resources, are the core foundation of companies' development of mobile Internet products. Companies work with leading Internet companies in the country on a seaboard strategy, and undertook media music platforms, booplay and all.
In collaboration with Billboard, an authoritative media magazine, the African music stream broadcast for the first time included data in the billboard global list. Meanwhile, in the first half of 2022, companies increased their R & D investment by nearly 40% over the same year, and are working on projects.
The same ratio increased to 60. Corporate liner product planning and technology tracking, solidizing medium- and high-end product planning, increasing research and development investment in core technologies such as 5g, chip customization, fast-loading, arot connectivity, etc., and helping companies to improve their productivity.
Lower industry exposure, lower end product sales than expected, industry competition to increase risk, overseas operating environmental risks, etc.
Mao Jianxing: Master of Materials, University of Kyotan, three years of American semiconductor company work experience, participation in a global lead semiconductor vendor advanced process project, five years of commodity portfolio development experience, and employment in Liu Xin: Master of Integrated Circuit Design, Nanyang University of Singapore, and formerly in the Chinese Qing Xin Xian Xian.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly due to, or because of, the specific comments or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.