q1 net profit from mother and ring growth, leading to strong performance, the company published its first quarterly report in 2024, generating operating income of 46.161 billion yuan in the first quarter, +10.07 per cent.
Ring ratio + 7.84 per cent; net return to mother value of $4.157 billion, i.e. +2.57 per cent, ring ratio +1.07 per cent; equal increase in sales of polyurethane, fine chemicals and decrease in average unit prices. 2024q1, Company PUR/PC/PC and new materials series, respectively, generate operating income
esters / fine chemicals and new materials series products have achieved sales of 1.31 million / 440,000 t, respectively, with steady progress in construction projects and opening up medium- and long-term growth space. According to the company ' s annual report 2023, the company
The start-up ceremony of the 1.2 million tonnes/Nygenene Project took place successfully on March 9th, at the site of the construction of the vinyl ethylene fission at the Mandarin Pyrotechnic Industrial Park, which planned high end polyolefins downstream, including, inter alia, ethylene fission devices, low-density polyethylene (ldpe) devices, polyfinylene elastomers (poe).
The Fujimdi facility will further consolidate the company ' s leading position in the global mdi and tdi fields through technological adaptations to extend the mdi capacity from 400,000 tonnes/year to 800,000 tonnes/year and the tdi capacity from 250,000 tonnes/year to 330,000 tonnes/year.
On February 26, 2024, the company’s wholly-owned company, the Mandarin Battery Company, signed an agreement with the Copperification Group on the transfer of shares in the Angé Anada titanium industry, which allows the transfer of batteries to be transferred to Anada, which is owned by the Copper Group.
15.20% of the stock, and when the deal is done, the wanwald battery will hold 32,683,040 shares in Anada, accounting for 15.20% of Anada's total stock, and is the largest shareholder in Anada. Anada titanium powder is in the forefront of the industry, and wanna chemistry is good with a large number of customers in the fields of paint, plastics, and ink.
A partnership, with a well-developed global marketing system, with the post-Multiwatt Battery Control and Control Agency, which has great complementarities and synergies with the existing industry. The investment proposal is to expand high-end products by increasing technological innovation, extending industrial chains, and expanding high-end products.
Export less than expected risk; risk of domestic macroeconomic fluctuations; risk of sharp fluctuations in raw materials prices; increased risk from industrial competition; occurrence of force majeure events such as natural or man-made disasters; “positive” investors were reported to be suitable only for the use of risk levels not higher than “medium- and high-risk” studies, and “radical” investors to use the risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.