The ethylene device has been upgraded to improve the competitiveness of the carbon two project.
Investment rating: superior to Grand City (maintenance) Events: 11 June 2024, 1 million tonnes / 1 million tonnes ethylene Device Diversity Adaptation Project Environmental Impact Report published. This project is located at the Smoking and Chemical Industries Park in Shandong Province, where the company entered the existing 1 million t/Nyrene installation.
Diversified transformation of raw materials from propane to ethane, with public works dependent on facilities already available in Vantaa. 1) The price advantage of ethylene relative to propane, which reduces the cost of ethylene devices from propane to ethylene; 2) The feedstock conversion from propane to ethane, which will lead to an increase in the rate of biene intake, and companies can optimize the economic benefits of the project through flexible adjustment of the feed; 3) ethylene
Lower consumption and energy of ethylene products, lower carbon emissions, and better environmental benefits; 4) firm profit protection as a leader in the polyurethane industry The lower cost and higher rate of collection of ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene
In art, the cost of raw materials accounts for about 70 to 80% of the total production cost. As the price of propane continues to rise, the profitability of ethylene production installations has declined dramatically, and even suffered losses, the solution is to reduce the cost of ethylene production by improving the choice of raw materials.
China chemistry can adapt the feed flexibly to ensure maximum social and economic benefits from the ethylene-led industrial chain integration project, depending on the international and domestic economic situation and changes in the bulk raw material market. At the same time, the ethylene process has a higher rate of harvest and lower consumption and energy, which can also lead to a better supply of ethane with relatively low prices. With the exploitation of shale gas in the United States, ethane resources have increased significantly, and supply has become more relaxed.
The cost of ethylene devices is reduced by converting the raw material from propane to ethane. Figure 1: US ethane prices (US$/ gallon)
Figure 2: Current prices of propanecfr (US$/t) Main ethylene fission feedstocks, ethylene-based ethylene capture rates are highest. The primary fission product ethylene recovery rates are decreasing as the ethylene dilated feedstocks range from light to heavy, with ethylene recovery rates peaking at 77.65%, significantly higher than 44.82% of propane.
The ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene
The amount of treatment, load, etc. is reduced accordingly, and the amount of fixed asset investment and operating energy used in the installation is also reduced. At the same level of capacity production, ethane as a source of ethylene fission has a significant advantage in terms of low investment, low energy consumption, etc. Other routes have a comparative value for investment relative to the pyrocephalus route. 2 Relative energy consumption: energy consumption based on ethylene fission route (1000)
Comparison of energy consumption of other routes relative to the ethane fission route. Relatively low carbon emissions from ethane-based ethylene ethylene
Carbon emission management, among other things, has taken improved measures to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Based on the material balance and carbon quality parity, greenhouse gas emissions from industrial processes under the available project have been reduced by 12286tc0,/a. In the case of ethylene products, the unit greenhouse gas emissions were 1.23t00 {z}/t before the conversion; after the conversion, the unit greenhouse gas emissions were 0.91t00 {z}/t
According to the energy-saving report, the ethylene unit energy consumption limit for ethylene plant units (gb30250-2013) is higher than the industry's advanced energy consumption for ethylene units, with an entry value of 610kgoe/t and an advanced energy consumption value of 400kgoe/t for biene.
Levels of flat and baseline levels (2023 editions) with energy consumption poles of 590 kgoe/t per unit of ethylene based on hydrocephaly hydrocarbons, 372.7 kgoe/t per unit of ethylene combined energy consumption of the adaptation project, below the limit of the standard pole level. thaethane resource supply stability constraints, with a guaranteed level of HDW-related layouts
U.S. export terminals, shipping capacity, and China’s import capacity for reloading and storage of ethane are some of the constraints on the growth of our imports of ethane. U.S. exports of ethane to China are limited in the long run, limited by export terminals and shipping capacity, despite the abundance of ethane in the United States. U.S. exports of ethane to China are expected to be only about 10 million tonnes/year by 2030, well below China’s.
In addition, ethane, as a light hydrocarbon, has very high requirements and standards for the export of marine freight, and for storage. We do not currently have specific requirements for the construction of the ethane terminal and for the design of the ethane terminal handling process, which makes it difficult to build large-scale docks to remove ethane.
The company (adnoc) has officially announced the establishment of a strategic joint venture with adnocl&s.adnocl&s was established in 2016 to operate primarily vessels such as crude oil, petroleum products, dry bulk and liquefied natural gas, with more than 20 million tons transported in 2019.
The company's lpg cargo and other petroleum products were transported to the Manchuria manufacturing base in China and around the world. 5 86,000-m3 dual-fuel vlgc series vessels were ordered in Jiangnan in 2020, and were delivered in 2022 and 2023.
The production of freezers and home refrigerators has continued to grow at a rate of 25% and 15%, respectively, and the number of refrigerators exported at a rate of 21%. Markets such as lower freezers, exports, etc. are better, supporting the warming of polymer mdi. Figure 3: Prices of polymer mdi and price differentials ($/tons)
Figure 4: Prices of pure mdi versus price differentials (M/T) Figure 5: Prices of tdi versus price differentials (M/T) Figure 6: Year-on-month ratio of production of refrigerators and freezers in China (%)
Figure 7: China’s refrigerator exports in the same month (%) are influenced by factors such as a check-up stop, and the mdi supply end has contracted in the short term. Of the 1,056 million mdi units, about 10% of the domestic and foreign production capacity is in a parking check-up situation, about 52% is in a low-performing state, and the supply end has contracted in the short term.
The company, as the leader of the polyurethane industry, has a solid profit guarantee, while the new project is steadily moving forward. We maintain that the company ' s return project for 2024-2026 is not as productive as expected; that the price of raw materials is rising; and that downstream demand is not as good as expected.The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; and that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and is based on reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author