In the first quarter of 2024, the company increased the net profits of both the company and the parent.
In the first quarter, it was reported that 46.16 billion yuan (+10.1 per cent, ring + 7.8 per cent) was collected in the first quarter of the year, down to 100 million yuan (+3.5 per cent, ring + 2.9 per cent). The Māori sales rate was 17.6 per cent (+0.1 pt, sales, management, R & D, financial costs were 0.8 per cent, 1.5 per cent, 2.2 per cent, 1.1 per cent, respectively.
Increases, Māori rates, net interest rates, cost rates are stable, and performance is steady. Polyurethane plate collection and sales are increasing by the same ring. Markets such as the company polyurethane camp in the first quarter of 2024 are better.
The price of tdi is higher, the price difference is lower. The company Fujimdi device will be technologically modified to expand its mdi capacity from 400,000 tonnes/year to 800,000 tonnes/year, which is expected to be completed in the first half of this year.
+17.8%, ring + 1.5%) with sales of 1.34 million tonnes. 900,000 tonnes/year pdh devices and 1.2 million tonnes/year ethylene units at the smoke station are under construction in Pun Lei phase.
" Mandarin Chemistry (600309.sh) - Acquisition of shares in Anada and Hexagen Chemical Industries, improving the price of pure benzene for the main raw materials with a rise in the same price for coal, propane, butane with a drop in the same price. In the first quarter of 2024, the prices of the company ' s main raw materials were subject to fluctuations in crude oil prices and changes in domestic and foreign supply and demand relations, among other factors.
Huenhua Chemistry (600309.sh) - a single-quarter performance growth of 28% over the same period, continued to boost the impact, pure benzene prices were running at a high price of almost three years over the same period. With domestic coal, wanhua chemistry (600309.sh) - second-quarter operations began to improve, demand recovered performance
Production and imports of coal have increased, and the country’s coal supply and demand structure has shifted from the previous state of stifling to " Mandarin chemistry (600309.sh) - the proposed acquisition of a huge replastic tdi industry pattern for smoke stations, which is relaxed and price focus has continued to decline. Prices for propane and butane have generally stabilized, with intra-district narrow shocks.
Investment proposals: The company, as the leader of the polyurethane industry, has a solid profit guarantee, while new projects are moving forward. We maintain the company’s forecast of net return profits for 2024-2026 as a single increase in net return and return profits in the first quarter of 2024.
In one quarter, 46.16 billion yuan (+10.1% for the same year and +7.8% for the ring), 41.6 billion yuan for the mother (+2.6% for the same year, +1.1% for the ring) and 4.13 billion yuan for the non-mortality (+3.5% for the same year, +2.9% for the ring). The Māori rate of sales is more stable, with a steady increase in performance.
Figure 1: HDZ quarterly operating income (millions of yuan) Figure 2: HDZ quarterly net profit from mother (billions) Figure 4: HDZ quarterly sales, management, R & D, financial cost rates
Figure 3: The Māori quarter rate, the net interest rate, the mdi price, the price difference, and the price difference have all risen in the first quarter of the year, while the price of the tdi price and the price difference have fallen. The company's Fukuji mdi installation will expand its mdi capacity from 400,000 tonnes/year to 800,000 tonnes/year through technological change and is expected to be completed in the first half of this year.
The average market price of the company ' s main product, polymer mdi/pure mdi/tdi, in the first quarter of 2024, is shown in figure 5: price and price differential for polymer mdi ($/tonne) and figure 9: production of refrigerators and freezers in the Central African countries in the same month (%)
Figure 10: China ' s refrigerator exports in the same month compared with the same year (%) The production of petrochemical plates increased in the same ring, and the price of products fell by the same year. The company ' s petrochemical block sales in the first quarter of 2024 amounted to 1.34 million tons. The 900,000/year pdh installation in Punley and 1.2 million/year ethylene units in smoke stations were in progress.
Precision chemicals and new material plates have fallen in the same ring scale, and the harvest has been stable. The company's Lemon Aldehyde-Fragrance project is expected to continue production this year in the first quarter of 2024. The price of pure benzene, the price of coal, propane, and butane, the price of the main raw material, has fallen in the second quarter of 2024.
The price of raw materials is influenced by the volatility of crude oil prices and changes in domestic and foreign supply and demand relations, and the price of pure benzene is high at nearly three years in the same period, with an average price of $8,241 per ton in the first quarter of 2024, which is +17.09 per cent. With the increase in domestic coal production and imports of imported coal, the country’s coal supply and demand structure has shifted from its previous tightness to easing.
The price focus continued to decline, with an average price of $799.18 per tonne per kilocalorie per kilogram per kilogram per kilogram in the first quarter of 2024, compared to the same investment proposal: the company, as the leader of the polyurethane industry, has a solid profit guarantee while the new project is steadily pushing forward The author guarantees that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author