Investment rating: Purchase (maintain) on the evening of April 18, 2024, with the release of the First Quarterly Report, 2024, of the First Quarterly Report, the First Quarter of the Department of Public Administration achieving an operating income of 46.161 billion yuan, an increase of 10.07 per cent and a 7.84 per cent increase in the Ring;
• Increased production and sales of the 2024q1 flagship products, and steady improvement in the Māori rate and performance 2024q1. Amid the rise in crude oil prices and the impact of the season season ... Some of the company's raw materials and products add new and old policies to United States interest-reduction expectations, and mdi demand is expected to improve in the future
In the long run, the Council of State has officially issued a programme of action to promote large-scale equipment upgrades and the replacement of consumer goods with old ones.
Consumption demand. On the overseas side, since 2022, the overseas economy has been growing slowly, with relatively weak demand and pressure on the prices of polymer mdi exports, but the volume of mdi exports has remained high, reaching 104.37 million tons in 2023, and the volume of pure mdi exports.
Interest rates, interest rates on mortgages are falling, US property is expected to rebound, and we expect the overseas demand, represented by the United States, to be repaired gradually. Polyurethane+new materials can be phased in, and future performance growth can be expected.
The company is moving ahead with the construction and commissioning of new installations in Ningbo, Fujimdi and Fujiantdi in an orderly manner, while the performance has improved year after year in the fourth quarter, where the new production can land, where the smoke stations are acquired, and where future mdi and tdi supply patterns are expected to continue to be better.
The price difference is still at the bottom of the historical divide, with a greater price elasticity after the recovery of demand. 200,000 tons, with better performance on a year-on-year basis in the quarter of 2004, and new production opportunities for Poe and 48,000 tons of lemon aldehyde and derivatives projects, expected to be operational in 2024, with lemon aldehyde,
Vitamins and fragrances will be connected to each other. The new energy plate will increase capital spending, with less than 3.q3-quarterly performance improving on a year-on-year basis, and new production capacity will yield the prospect of a complete industry-wide chain of lithium lifting from salt lakes, materials manufacturing, and resource recovery.
It is also expected to become operational by the end of 2024, with the company's three-in-one configurations, with multiple projects under way, and its future performance continuing. Mandarin chemistry is a well-known global polyurethane industry, new energy sources, fragrances, poe, half.
(b) New material projects, such as the conductor, accelerate their progress and are expected to continue to have high capital investments in the future, with the result that (1) project construction progress is less than expected; (2) project approval progress is less than expected;
(3) Risk of significant price fluctuations in raw materials: Use of legally compliant information, independent and objective presentation of the present report. Data and information used in the present report are from open market information, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained in the report will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.