Kang Eining's medium-term performance is falling with the industry, and sales are rising steadily in the second half of the year. See, 368,000 buses were sold in January-August, yoy-10.3 per cent, and the drop was three more in January-July.
Percentage point. We believe that with the launch of the catalogue announcement for new energy vehicles and the start of the bidding process for mainstream public transport companies, industry demand has begun to release, industry and companies are getting out of the low, steadily recovering, and sales are expected to be concentrated in q4.
The subsidy fell sharply, with partial demand overstretched effects at the end of last year, and company bus sales fell by 30 per cent in the first half of the year, with 21,828 vehicles sold cumulatively in the first half of the year, while yoy-27 per cent; (2) company sales and management costs
There were varying degrees of increases, resulting in an increase of 2.1 percentage points in the same rate for the three rates, with companies selling 8751, 9947 and 3136, respectively, with yoy down by 2 percentage points to 9.8 per cent and new energy cars down by 11 percentage points, respectively.
The sale of buses grew steadily in August: 7302 buses in August, yoy+2.86%, Mom-5.2%, and continued to shrink by 3 percentage points in January-July. According to the driver, bus sales in August remained relatively good, with 2,810 vehicles sold monthly, yoy+21.4%, mainly due to the concentration of bus and school bus orders accumulated in the first half of the year.
Released, cumulatively 16.6 million vehicles sold in January-August, yoy+23 per cent; smooth sales by mid- and light-visits, 3073 and 1,419, respectively, while yoy - 10.8 per cent and +5.9 per cent, respectively, accumulated sales of energy buses, approximately 2,000 vehicles, down slightly from 2100 in the same period last year.
Look, about 6,300 vehicles sold in January-August, yoy-39%, with a contraction of 10 percentage points between January and July. Overall, sales in the second half of the year have remained positive, and, with a contraction in the second half of last year, we expect a concentration of sales in industry and companies in the fourth quarter of the year.
Profit forecast: In the medium and long term, subsidies for new energy buses have dropped significantly, subsidy standards have been raised, industry thresholds have been raised significantly, and industry shuffling has accelerated.
With the multiple advantages of capital, cost control, technological leadership, the future of the new energy bus market will continue to grow. We look forward to the company's long-term development. We maintain our previous judgement that net profits for 2017 and 18 years are set at $4.2 billion and $4.7 billion, respectively, and yoy + 5 per cent and yoy + 4 per cent, respectively.
The 18-year dynamic pe is 11 x. chinaresearchdept. expected remuneration (expected return; er), as follows:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.