The South-West Securities Institute achieved business income of 12,725 million yuan in the third quarter of the year, an increase of 72.49 per cent in the same year and 5.61 per cent in the ring.
The company is a leading company in the country in the field of new high-end coal-based materials and is continuously moving towards a green low-carbon orientation. The company’s operations cover three main sections of the coal-cylene, caramel, and fine-chemistry industry, namely, polyethylene (pe), polypropylene (pp), ethylene acetate (eva).
The company’s ability to produce a carbocarbon is now in the top position in our industry. It has 9.1 million tons of coal, 7 million tons of coke, 14.6 million tons of coal washing, 5.2 million tons of hydrocarbon and 135,000 tons of fine chemical manufacturing, and the industry is in the lead.
The company is expected to further reduce production costs and consolidate the core competitiveness of the coal-based hydrocarbons, depending on the project’s locational advantages, technical advantages, etc.
The sale of HFOs has increased rapidly, and the price of raw materials has declined significantly. For the main products, the primary product was 5.63%, -28.39%. With the construction of the Inner Mon base, the sales of corporate PFOs have increased significantly on an equal basis, and prices have been affected by the weakening of crude oil, resulting in lower prices of PFOs. At the end of the cost, the gasification feedstocks have decreased.
Coals, cokers and power coal prices are $448.26 per ton, $740.35 per ton, $324.67 per ton, 19.02 per cent, 31.82 per cent and 23.99 per cent respectively, respectively, and the price of raw materials has fallen significantly, alleviating the cost pressure. Innermont bases have come into operation and the profits from the harvest have increased rapidly.
Long. The Ningdong tetraole is now working on the project in April of this year, and the Xinjiang and Inner Mondioles are also actively moving forward. In the first three quarters of 2025, the company sold, managed, and financed three fees, a profit forecast and an investment proposal. The company is a domestic coal-based company with a cost advantage and a new project.
In continuation of this drive, and in view of the company ' s long-term growth, we expect to return to the parent ' s net profit compound growth rate for the next three years to be one bountiful energy source: coal-based acrylic acne taps, full-chain layouts for green development, 1.1 coal-based new cores, green hydrogen transition leading industry poles.
The company is a leading company in the country in the field of new, high-end coal-based materials and is continuously moving towards a green low-carbon orientation. The company’s industry covers three main sections of the coal-cylene, caramel, and fine-chemistry industry, namely polyethylene (pe), polypropylene (pp), ethylene acetate (eva).
The company currently has 9.1 million tons of coal production, 7 million tons of coke production, 14.6 million tons of coal cleaning capacity, and 5.2 million tons of hydrocarbon production and 1.35 million tons of fine chemical manufacturing capacity, leading the industry. The company actively pursues a "double carbon" strategy, deep-cultivating green innovation, and the interior polycylene project is the first large scale application of green hydrogen and modern coal chemicals.
The company is expected to further reduce the production of acetylene based on the project ' s locational advantages, technical advantages, etc., and consolidate the core competitiveness of acetylene. The sale of acetylene is increasing rapidly, and the price of raw materials is falling markedly.
Polypropylene and coke production/distribution were 18,398 tons, 18.831 million tons, 1.783 million, 5.1904 million tons, and prices were significantly increased, affected by the weakening of crude oil, and the prices of polyolefins were reduced by the same amount. Cost end, gasification, coal-based, refined coal, power coal prices were $448.26, 740.35 and 324.67, respectively.
Compared to 19.02 per cent, 31.82 per cent, and 23.99 per cent, the price of raw materials dropped significantly to mitigate cost pressures.
The group is engaged in the production and sale of new high-end coal-based materials (many brands polyolefins and polyolefin modified products), etc.
With the release of the Inner Mon Base, the profits of the company’s revenues have increased considerably.
In the first three quarters of 2025, companies sold, managed, and financed at a cost of 0.25%, 2.72%, 2.42%, compared to three companies in the coal industry, with an average of 13 times pe in 2024. According to Wind, the company is a domestic coal-based dragonhead, with cost advantages, and new projects continue to grow, looking forward to long-term growth.
The new project is not as advanced as expected; the downside risk of the price of HFOs; and the downside risk of the coke business, and Noro will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.