Synthetic resin, bountiful energy (600989.sh) Coal-based Fryone Dragons, Immon Project to open up the space for growth
On October 10th, 2025, the coal-based vinyl hydrocarbons company, the Inner Mon Project, opened up the space for growth. The company has three major business plates: acrylic hydrocarbons, caramelization, and fine-chemistry products.
The company produced about 23.8% of the country ' s coal-based production capacity in tonnes/year, leading the industry in terms of unit cost and unit energy consumption. In March 2023, the company ' s inner polyvinyl hydrocarbons project began construction, and the 3 million tons of polyvinyl hydrocarbons project became fully operational in April 2025, thus more than doubling the capacity of polyolefin production and opening up the space for growth.
Coal-based hydrocarbons have a significant cost advantage, and companies have a greater advantage than their peers. According to the polyvinyl hydrocarbons production structure, the market data are: 10 October 2025, they are still the main production route for domestic polyvinyl hydrocarbons.
There are significant dynamic variations, dominated by price fluctuations in core raw materials. At present, domestic coal prices are lower than oil, showing a strong cost advantage. Corporate polyolefin products have a higher Māori ratio than their counterparts, highlighting their cost-control capabilities, mainly as a result of low coal costs and dmto-ii
The company ' s inner polyolefin project is the largest coal-based hydrocarbon project in the world to date, with investments compressed to 160 million yuan per tonne of polyolefin, which is significantly lower than industry level Basic data: 30 June 2025
The average level ($200~230 million/tonne polyolefin) provides a core competition for the pricing and profitability of the follow-on products, and actively promotes the Ningdong Four Five and Xinjiang Projects, with medium- and long-term growth space available. The company actively promotes the approval, construction and execution of Ningdong Four, the pentachlorobutane Project and the Xinjiang Hydrocarbons Project.
The project includes construction of 3 x 650,000 tonnes/year polypropylene, 3 x 650,000 tonnes/year polyethylene, 250,000 tonnes/yeareva, and associated engineering.
LEE JUNG: Profit forecasting, valuation analysis and investment proposal: Company expected to return to mother ' s net profit allocation in 2025-2027
Hydrocarbons have significant cost advantages, and the Immon project will lead to an increase in performance, and future Ning Dongji and Xinjiang base planning projects will help support the company's long-term growth and maintain a “buy-b” rating.
The company's predecessor was limited in November 2005 and, since its establishment, has been based on coal selection, with modern coal-chemicals at its core as the main business development. In 2013, the company acquired East Yue to protect the environment and expand methanol products.
In 2016, the carbon-tetra-drying project was launched to expand the polyfin industry. Three business plates were developed for the production of broth products, caramel products, and refined chemical products. In 2019, the company was on the market for further production, raising funds mainly for the carbon gasification of 600,000 tonnes/year. In November 2022, the company obtained " On the inside " .
New Coal-based Materials of Mongolia Ltd., issue of 2.6 million tonnes/year of coal-based acetylene and an accompanying environmental impact report for 400,000 tonnes/year implanted in Green Hydrogen Coupled Acetylene Project, which uses a combination of green hydrogen and modern co-production processes with a total production capacity of 3 million tonnes/year, is by far the largest coal-based acetylene project in a single plant worldwide, and is the only greening project on a global scale.
In the future, the company will move forward with the approval of Ningdong IV, the penta- and Xinjilanyl hydrocarbons projects, the construction workers, the company’s main branches of the AFO, the Caring Products Division, and the Fine Chemical Products Division.
The Ministry produces mainly polyethylene, polypropylene and acetylene by-products; (2) the Caramel Division produces mainly coke and coal by-products; and (3) the Fine Chemical Division produces mainly crude benzene concentrate, kerosene by-products, kerosene by-products, carbon by-products, and follows the objective of saving resources and protecting the environment, with the concept of integrated development and recycling based on coal selection.
At the core of the modern coal industry is the industrial chain of the coal cycle, which is typically a demonstration of coal co-generation. The industrial chain of the corporate cycle consists of the industrial chain of cokered products (the original coal-ferrous coal-ferrous coke), and the industry of the hydrocarbon products.
Chains (corroser gas + coal gas hydrazine polyethylene, polypropylene), fine industrial industrial chains (coal tar, crude benzene, carbon platinum chemical products).
As of the date of disclosure in the annual report in 2024, the company produces 7 million tonnes/year of coke, 5.1 million tonnes/year of polyolefins, and 250,000 tonnes/year of fertilisers. According to the company ' s Bulletin of Response to Regulatory Questionnaires on Information Disclosure for the Annual Report in 2024, the company ' s 3x1 million tonnes/year of broths project was completed in November 2024, January 2025 and March 2025, respectively.
One hundred hundred hundred thousand yuan, capr 17.7 per cent of which was the initial formation of the new coal-based material industry chain at the Tonin Shanin East base in 2016-2018, with a revolving economic model for production on a scale scale. Financing supported the expansion of capacity after company listing in 2019-2021, the Ningdong Trinity Hydrocarbons project was launched, and the multi-collaboration project was launched. 2022-2024: The Inner Mongolia 2.6 million tonnes/year Coal-based Hydrocarbons project and the Inner Mongolia project
In 2016-2018, the company built on the Tonindong base for new coal-based materials to form an integrated chain of production of “coal hydrazine polyolefins” with a significant reduction in energy consumption, Māori rates and net interest rates.
In 2024, inner Mongolia ' s project capacity release and cost optimization led to a recovery in Māori rates. In 2025h1, coal costs fell, and the three series of inland Mongolia ' s HFA project, full-scale production price increases and green hydrogen drops, led business and Māori composition: main performances in the contribution of HFA and caramel products. 2025h1 company AFOs, caramel products, fine
The main income and profits are derived from the acetylene and caramel products. The Māori rate of the 2025h1 company ' s acetylene, caramel, fine chemical products is 39.1%, 26.2%, 33.0% respectively, and the Māori rate of fine chemical and acetylene products is relatively high.
7.53 per cent of the division ' s shareholdings contribute to the growth of companies through indirect control of the shares of Ningxia Bofo Group Ltd. and Toyo International Group Ltd. to improve the efficiency of decision-making.
2.1 The decline in polyethylene import dependency and the acceleration of the transformation of the polypropylene industry, which, according to the data on the moor in Begawa, has seen an annual increase in the productive capacity of the polyethylene sector, from 21,958,000 tons in 2020 to 35,355,000 tons in 2024 and 12.6 per cent in cagr, show the continued expansion of the industry ' s productive capacity and its low capacity.
Up to 40551,000 tonnes. In 2024, the net import dependence of China ' s polyethylene industry in the main application areas of packaging film, tubes, eva, and Lass, respectively, showed a significant structural adjustment from 2020 to 2024: 46.8% in 2020, showing almost half of the demand dependent on imports.
Slightly up to 32.1%, the industry is shifting from a "high dependence on imports" to an "autonomous control," but about 32% of the dependency still highlights the technological catch-up space in the high-end product area. According to the Begawan moor data, an additional 783 million tons of polyethylene production is expected in 2025, with a further decline in the import-to-export capacity.
China’s polypropylene industry is expanding its production capacity, and the supply and demand patterns are gradually changing over the long term. In terms of effective production capacity, there has been a steady and rapid increase, from 35.7 million tons in 2020 to 53.7 million tons in 2024, with cagr as high as 10.9 per cent.
In 2024, the main applications downstream of polypropylene were: rads, low-melting conglomerates, all-emulsions, high-melt fibre-widths, thin wall emulations, etc. The net import of polypropylene fell off a cliff and industrial transformation accelerated.
Parallel to the track: the volume of imports has been reduced by 44 per cent in five years (655,367,000 tons), the volume of exports has increased by 490 per cent (442,251,000 tons) and the level of net economic dependence has declined sharply from 19.4 per cent to 3.4 per cent (a 16 percentage point decrease). This shift marks a shift from dependence on imports to a new phase of export development dominated by home ownership + and the completion of the process of national production.
6.15 million tonnes of polypropylene production will exacerbate the excess supply. In the future, attention will need to be paid to energy digestion (e.g., continued export growth) and high end product 2.2 polyvinyl hydrocarbons, which are predominantly oil-based, which currently have a relatively high cost advantage. From the production structure, oil-based hydrocarbons are still the main production route for domestic polyvinyl hydrocarbons; in polyethylene, they account for 62%.
Light hydrocarbons account for 19 per cent, coal or methanol 19 per cent, oil production capacity 53 per cent, propane 24 per cent and coal or methanol 23 per cent, in polypropylene oils, coal and pdh processes with significant dynamic variations in the prices of core raw materials.
Hydrocarbons (oil-dependent), with a cost curve synchronized with Brent crude oil prices, were once lower than coal when crude oil fell in 2020, but soared when the Russian-Turkish conflict overtook oil in 2022. Coal hydrocarbons (coal-sensitive policy models), maintained cost advantage in 2016-2020 due to low domestic coal prices (long-term below oil), but triggered by a "double carbon" policy in 2021
Coal supply has shrunk rapidly, and coal prices are now relatively low in historical terms, showing a relatively strong cost advantage. The pdh process (propane supply and demand-driven) is dominated by price fluctuations in propane imports: short-term cost advantages due to low propane prices in 2020, but costs rose again in 2024 due to geo-conflicting over liquefied gas prices.
At present, coal-based polyolefins have a cost advantage of more than $1,000 compared to oil-based polyolefins. Polyfins have a high margin of profit based on a comparison of the cost of polyolefin oils and coals under different coal/oil price assumptions. Assuming that Eldos is powered by coal 2# pits at 350 yuan, crude oil at $50, 55, 60, 65 and 70 dollars per barrel, respectively, for crude oil.
Oil-based polyolefins have a cost advantage if they are below $55 per barrel. 1 ton of polyolefins is made of pelican oil and the United States dollar at the RMB rate of 7.17 is estimated to cost approximately $800 per ton. Assuming coal freight costs are 100 yuan per ton, approximately 7.5 tons of coal is produced with 1 ton of polyolefins, and processing costs are estimated at 3,000 yuan per ton)
3. Cost advantages are prominent, profit levels are leading, 3.1 botos are significant in the field of coal-based yetene hydrocarbons, and profit levels are leading. The company ' s headquarters (Ningdong) is located in the Ningdong National Energy Chemical Base (Ningdong) core area of one of China ' s “Golden Triangle” energy industry.
The Ministry Phase I, Phase II, and Tri-Cycetylene projects have incorporated advanced technologies and processes at the national and international levels. In this context, the FyC project (phase I) started its pilot production at the end of 2014 and became fully operational in 2015, with a capacity of 600,000 tonnes/year polyolefin production.
The ability to produce high-end polyethylene double peak products and metallic polyethylene products, as well as the coke gasification plants of 2.2 million tonnes/year methanol (previous paragraph) and the methanol-0.6 million/year polyolefin (subsequent paragraph), was demonstrated by the success of the previous project of 2.2 million methanol/year in a single drive at the end of May 2020 and the success of the full-line test vehicle in June, which marked the full-scale commissioning of the company ' s project.
In September 2020, construction began on the third phase of the 3-megaton/year coal-based and 500,000-mega-c2-c5 integrated use projects. On the disclosure date of the 2023 annual report, the company ' s 3-mega-year-based project subjects were fully operational (including 250,000 tonnes/year-oldeva devices), adding new polyethylene and polypropene production capacity of 900,000 tonnes/year, allowing for the simultaneous production of more polyethylene and polyvinylene plates.
Acrylic products to better meet client diversification needs, with a new capacity of 250,000 tonnes/year for the production of photovoltaic membranes, cables, bubbles and high-end membrane materials, opening new applications.
Industry, deep-farming and fine-chemistry industries, promoting the integration of new energy and modern coal-chemical industries, high-end products, differentiation, and becoming leading companies in the coal-based new materials industry and leading global producers of “green hydrogen”.
The project is located in the Surig Economic Development Area of the Mongolian flag of Ordos U, in the heart of the Golden Triangle, where coal resources are abundant, industrial chain raw materials are well supplied, easily accessible, raw materials are less costly, and inner Mon affiliates are closer to major product distribution areas such as North China and East China, logistics transport is well developed, transport costs are lower, and raw materials cost advantages and location are superior.
The ICM project uses coal as a raw material, using processes such as water slurry plus gasification, purification, methanol synthesis, methanol-based vinyl hydrocarbons, and separation of vinyl hydrocarbons to produce polyethylene and apropylene, and eventually to produce polyethylene and polypropylene products. Of these, 400,000 tonnes/year of green hydrogen-colyced vinyl hydrocarbons project uses the combined production process of green hydrogen and modern kerosene, which is the current global single plant scale.
The largest coal-based acetylene project is also the only project in the world to replace fossil-based energy production with green hydrogen on a scale.
The project began construction in March 2023, and the first series of 1 million tonnes/year-old HFO production lines in November 2024 successfully produced qualified products. As of the date of disclosure in the 2024 newspaper, the company ' s intra-molefins project was fully operational on the first and second lines, with 3 million tonnes in April 2025. The Inner Mongolia project was fully operational compared to the Ningdong project.
There are certain cost advantages, namely, the proximity of the transport of raw materials for coal at a cost of $30-50/tonne lower than the Ningdong base; and scale advantages: 1 million tonnes/year capacity, low labour, low manpower costs, low fixed costs; and the use of flat-level management models for the Immon project, with low management costs.
According to the company ' s annual stockholders meeting in 2024, the company will actively promote the approval and construction of the Ningdong tetrachloroethylene project, the Ningdong pentachloroethylene project and the Xinjilanyl hydrocarbons project. Of this, the Ningdong tetrachloroethylene project plans 500,000 tonnes/year coal, tons/year polyethylene, 1 250,000 tonnes/year c4-1-butylene device, 1 290,000 tonnes/year steam fission device, 1 30,000 units
Tons/year ultra-high molecular polyethylene devices, 1 250,000 tonnes/yeareva devices, 1 50,000 tonnes/year mma/pmma devices and accompanying public engineering, ancillary engineering and storage facilities, etc.
The first series of announcements on experimental production of production lines, " Instructions for issuing a share in securities to specific target groups in 2023 " (revised), Shanxiguan Boofeng Energy is a leading company in the country ' s coal-based hydrocarbon industry. According to the China Petroleum and Chemical Industry Federation, " Analysis of the operations of the modern coal-chemical industry in 2024 " , the country ' s total coal-based production capacity as of late 2024 was 13.42 million tonnes per year, compared with the previous year.
By the end of 2024, the energy source of bountiful HFOs accounted for about 23.8 per cent of the country ' s coal-based HFO production capacity, with a more complete product plate number, and according to known public information, the cost of corporate products per unit and energy consumption per unit were among the lowest in the industry and one of the leading companies in the coal industry.
The energy source has been reduced to 159 million yuan tons, which is significantly lower than the industry average (200-230 million tons) and provides a central competitive advantage for the pricing and profitability of subsequent products.
Bo Fung energy has a significant cost advantage and a high profit level in the field of coal-based hydrocarbons. In 2021-2024, Bo Fung energy was close to the Chinese coal energy source, which is higher than China’s Shinhua energy source. The Maori rate of its polyolefin plates has stabilized at more than 28%, and is significantly higher than China’s and China’s coal energy sources, which are the same as the coal-chemical industry’s main polycrytoline products.
The profits of the polyvinylene business, which does not include the coal profits of nitrothal, compares the Māori rate of the python energy polycylene plate with the Māori rate of the Chinese dynamite plate in 2024. dmto-iii technical units can significantly reduce feedstock consumption and energy consumption of the production capacity of the acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylates to further increase the production of coal-based polycrylates.
This advantage. In August 2010, the first generation of methanol-based (dmto) technology at the Central American Institute of Commerce and Industry (CIAC) industrialization of coal-based methanol for low-carbon hydrocarbons was achieved for the first time globally. In December 2014, the second generation of methanol-based (dmto-ii) technology was industrialized for the first time. Since then, the Institute has continued to innovate with the development of a new generation of methanol-based acetylene catalysts and a new generation of methanol-based acetylene catalysts.
Dmto-iii technology, methanol conversion rate of 99.06%, ethylene and acrylic selectivity of 85.90wt per cent, and ton acrylate (ethylene + acrylic) methanol monomer consumption of 2.66 tonnes. In October 2020, the Dalian Corporation signed a one-time technical licence contract with Ningxia Bofo Group for the production of 5 sets of dmto-ii industrial installations with a capacity of 1 million tonnes/year of hydrocarbon production.
Polyvinylene price trends: overall downside, with significant phased fluctuations. Polyethylene expands from about $12,000 in October 2018, adding demand at a slower rate, driving long-term price shifts. Future price repairs depend on supply side clearing or export.
3.2 Self-owned coal mines have a cost advantage in building a chain of circular economic industries. The company has Marlene Stations, Four Springs, Red Four, and Ding family coal mines that provide self-sustainability of raw materials. In 2019, the company was able to provide self-sustainability of raw materials.
In October 2020, 2.4 million tons/year of production were fully completed and fully operational. In 2023, the company Marlene mine, the coal mine, was fully operational.
It was revealed that companies now produce 8.2 million tons of coal per year, with a fine coal production rate of about 50 per cent, and 4.23 million tons in 2023. The total amount of coal refined for the year was nearly 10 million tons, and the rate of self-sufficiency of coal burnt in 2023 was about 45 per cent. With regard to coal production costs, the cost of the Marlene table coal mine is about 100 yuan per ton, and the cost of the red four coal mine is about 165 yuan per ton, which has a greater cost advantage than the cost of foreign coal purchases.
In 2019, the company invested in the construction of a 3 million tonnes/year coal cokering multi-production project with a construction scale of 3 million tonnes/year cokering, 100,000 tonnes/year needle coke, expansion of benzene hydrogen to 120,000 tonnes/year, expansion of tar processing to 400,000 tonnes/year. The project was officially launched in June 2022 and, as of 2024, the daily report revealed that the company was burning.
The coker production process uses the original coal to be washed into fine coal, which is then used to produce coke, and by-products to produce finely refined products such as methyl-butyl ethers, benzenes, industrial naphthalenes, retrofitted asphalt, tar, etc., as well as furnace gas for the production of methanol and the formation of a new high-end coal-based material circulation industry for coal-selecting-carrying-methanol-cryrocarbons and fine-chemers in one.
The coke industry has moved from “demand-driven” to “cost-strangulation.” Enterprises with two engines, “coal-resource-based and technology-reduced,” can survive the winter.
The company refines the product lines for the production of methyl tert-butyl ether, brominated benzene, industrial naphthalenes, retrofitted asphalt, tar and other refined chemical products from coal-based acetylene and caramel by-products in order to maximize the use of raw materials and reduce production costs.
At present, the company’s operations cover the three main business plates of coke, polyfin hydrocarbons, and fine chemicals. On the basis of the three main operations, the following assumptions are made: (1) coke: the company has 7 million tons of coker capacity, and in recent years the company’s cocalculation capacity has been fully operational, assuming that
(2) Polyfins: The company has 5.2 million tonnes of polyolefin production capacity and 250,000 tonnes of eeva production capacity, and the planned production capacity includes Ning East IV, V and Xinjiang projects. In recent years, the company ' s production capacity has been fully operational, assuming that in 2025-2027 it will be more productive.
The East Base and Xinjiang Base Planning Project supports long-term growth of the company by maintaining a “buy-in-b” rating. Feedstock supply and price volatility risk: the company's primary raw material is coal, which is mainly guaranteed by self-production and outsourcing.
Market competition increases the risk that the company’s modern coal industry, which is capital- and technology-intensive, has some entry barriers, but will continue to face competition from new entrants and existing competitors. For example, demand for future industry products will grow.
Environmental risks: The company’s modern coal industry and the production of its raw materials supply coal mines are regulated by increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations. As the country’s environmental importance and energy-saving reduction requirements increase, it will be more stringent.
Environmental policies and environmental standards will increase the environmental input of companies, which may have a negative impact on their normal production operations if their environmental facilities and pollutant emissions are not maintained in the future in line with national requirements. The risk of macroeconomic change: the demand for corporate products is more influenced by macroeconomics and downstream sectors, for example, macroeconomics.
A stagnating or even a downturn, or a stagnating or even a downturn in the client ' s industry or its downstream industry, may affect the demand for a company ' s product, and performance may be affected.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.