The forecast for the first quarter was low, with a 5-15% increase in income from 19q1 and a 20-40% decrease in net profit from the mother. The company announced the first quarter of 2019 billion yuan, mainly due to a shift from structured deposits to bank finance, which resulted in a partial shift in recurrent returns to non-recurring revenues.
The growth in corporate income in the first quarter was in line with expectations, and the decline in profits was lower than expected, but was mainly due to the impact of factors such as equity incentive costs, loss of exchange, VAT refunds, and the Māori rate, as well as the fact that the share of profits in the first quarter was better than the increase in elevators, eu, transhipments, general automation one quarter lower and new energy car orders were still to be confirmed.
q1 Māori has declined steadily over the same period. The industrial-controlled industry continued to have a low climate from January to February of 19th, falling markedly from the same year to the same year, and there have been signs of recovery since late March, with a year-on-year increase in revenues from General Automated Operations, and a slight decline in orders from year to year, which is better than last year’s four-quarter period. Elevators, eu, and transhipments have grown better, especially.
Tracks and eu, with over 1.3 billion orders in hand at the end of last year, several times in a quarter, the year-on-year trend in the eu market, and better in a quarter. Automobile electronics orders are growing better, but revenue is expected to fall the same time. The Māori ratio of products last three quarters, due to price increases, increased competition and product structure.
The reduction in VAT refunds, equity incentive costs, and exchange rate fluctuations have affected current net interest rates. Value added tax (VAT) dropped by tens of thousands in the same period last year, and the overall recognition of a small fraction of this year’s first quarter affected net profits.
25 sunsets, with a total cost of $144 million to be amortized, with a total equity incentive of $85 million to be amortized in three or four instalments in 19 and an increase in investment losses under the umbrella of the M & A fund. These projects together affect net profits of about $40 million.
March pmi over-expected rebound, looking for a return to the growth of the HSBC Automated Order, and a smooth ride. In terms of automated products, the official pmi over-expected rebounded in March, reaching 50.5 to return to the Doom Line, an early recovery over-expected, and a slightly over-predicted short-lived general automation.
In the case of auto electronics, in 19 years, two or three lines of domestic orders entered the harvest this year, the first line got a partial spot, and the second seventeen-year-old model started to run in 18 years.
In 19 years, the number of VWs is high, and in addition to the previously targeted pelicans, cars, homes, etc., the first line of cars, the Great Wall's annual performance is expected, general automation is accepted, and the dcdc project is expected to be targeted this year or next year.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: March pmi over-expected rebound, early recovery in industrial controls, general automation in Hitchuan, growth is expected to accelerate, new energy is being released this year, the potential for future expansion is high, the newly acquired Beth Te's steady cash flow business can increase performance, and we firmly value the corporate smart manufacturing + electric car Twins.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board