q1 year-round low, universal q2 recovery and vehicle power control 2604 January 2019, corporate report released, operating revenue of $1.1 billion during the reporting period, a year-on-year increase
It was 12.78 per cent long, slightly higher than expected; total profits of 150 million yuan were realized, a decline of 30.85 per cent over the same period; and real bank finance, with over 20 million interest income earned over the past year being recurrent gains, was transformed into the impact of non-economic gains this year.
▪ General plate q2 is expected to recover significantly, new energy will be released with a high potential for 19 years, elevators will gain slightly faster than expected, and rail operations will continue to grow more. General automation will collect $503 million, with the fastest growth in general-purpose frequency, with signs of recovery beginning in March, and q2 will recover significantly, with a transfer of remittances.
The general automation plate Alpha is extremely strong, and the general automation plate is expected to return to a 30-50% growth zone. The new energy vehicle business collects $75 million, a decrease of 8.8% compared to the previous year.
One machine collected $241 million, a slightly higher than expected increase of 12.35%, and the post-Bestte rate is expected to rise further. The track transfer revenue is $83 million, the same increase is 6.6 times more profitable, and Jiangsu's entry into Māori is stable, with several factors compounding the net profit rate, which is expected to pick up in the future.
Review: Overall, the recovery in industrial controls and a decline in the same rate were expected, on the one hand, when the Māori rate in the second half of the year was lower than the expected level of the first half of the year, and, on the other hand, as a result of an increase in the lower Māori ratio of the track transaction.
The forecast is low, the recovery of industrial controls and the multiplication of interest rates are largely influenced by a reduction in VAT refunds, equity incentive costs and exchange rate fluctuations, and of course the management costs contribute positively. These projects together affect net profits of about 40 million dollars.
Buster's steady cash flow, rich business, a 3.6 percentage point home-to-home net interest rate for companies, and the net home-to-home interest rate after removing these effects, is expected to accelerate the growth of the general automation business in Kawakawa; the new power-to-car power operation is starting this year.
The first quarter of 2019 reported operating income of 1.1 billion yuan, an increase of 12.78 per cent over the same period, which was slightly higher than expected; a decrease of 30.85 per cent in the total current profit of 150 million yuan over the same period; a decrease of 129 million yuan in the net profit of the parent company, a decrease in the same year; and a decrease of 44.07 per cent in the non-net profit of the company of 101 million yuan over the same period, mainly due to a shift from structural deposits to bank finance.
The interest income of over 20 million last year was a recurrent gain, and this year was changed to a non-recurrent gain. There will be a notable recovery. 1901 General Automated Operations received $503 million, an increase of 5.23 per cent; in terms of products, convert/server/plc&hmi collected $296.6 million/$041 million, respectively. q1 continued to intensify last year.
The positive growth momentum in the eu area, coupled with a trend towards higher capital spending in traditional sectors such as metallurgy and chemicals, has led to a sustained increase in GFX operations, while the GFMV 3c downstream is still relatively weak and the demand for lithium electricity and photovoltaics has begun to improve and there is still pressure on the whole quarter, but since March there has been a clear demand for GFMV and servers.
In March, the official pmi reached 50.5 per cent, the manufacturing-scale industry increased its value by 7.2 per cent, the manufacturing-scale industry increased by 1.6 per cent, the manufacturing-scale industry increased its value by 8.4 per cent and the general equipment-scale industry increased by a significant 4 per cent, showing strong signs of rebound. General automation increased by 12/9/4/0 per cent in 2018.
It is evident that the General Automation plate Alpha is extremely strong and that the General Automation plate is expected to return to 30-50 per cent of the new energy vehicle business at a rate of 8.8 per cent lower than the previous year, mainly by passenger and logistics vehicle pressure, starting with 19 years with a high potential for future use. The 19q1 company ' s new energy vehicle operation achieved a revenue of 75 million yuan, a decline of 8.8 per cent compared with the previous year.
Q1 orders are expected to grow on a year-on-year basis in terms of production, while q1 operations are expected to have a smaller share of q1 than q1. Companies have completed a partial second-and-third-line target in 17 years of vehicle operations, achieved a small yield of over 100 million over 18 years, gained a single-line mark of wide gas, the Great Wall, etc., and are expected to begin to grow significantly in 19 years and to accelerate their release in 20 years;
On the outside, the general public, the Benz system, certified with a target of 19 years. The customer’s “three-step” strategy is moving steadily, with high potential for vehicle operations.
The company’s integrated elevator operations have generated income of $241 million, an increase of 12.35%, slightly higher than expected, and are expected to continue the positive trend since last year. The increase in elevator operations is due, on the one hand, to the spread of multinational firms’ clients and, on the other hand, to the rising share of solution products, which has accelerated the trend of “big packages.” Moreover, in 19 years, companies are planning to acquire 100% of Bestett’s shares.
Bestte collected 2,424 million yuan in 18 years, making a net profit of 235 million dollars. Together, the capacity of the “big-ass” solution for the conglomerate elevator business is expected to continue to grow, while the two companies complement each other in terms of products, customers, and synergies are strong.
q1-track operations have generated revenues of $83 million, a significant increase of 655.25 per cent, while Jiangsu has made profits for the first time since the acquisition of the integration technology at Jiangsu Latitude in the first half of 2015. The company began to move out of Suzhou at the end of 17 years.
Nationwide, by the end of the 18th year, the transhipment subsidiary, Suzhou, had accumulated $1.380 billion in hand orders at latitude, expected to enter the period of confirmation of bulk delivery in 19 years, with annual orders confirmed in 19-21 at $400-60 million. The transhipment industry is a 10 billion-sized market, with a prospective share in the top three sectors.
The management (including R & D) cost rate decreased by 1.85 per cent over the year, the sales cost rate increased by 0.46 per cent over the same year, and cost control effectiveness. After two years of significant expansion of R & D staff and costs, the Division began to focus on scale control and efficiency improvements in the second half of last year, with significant cost control effects.
Net cash flow inflows from operating activities amounted to $21 million, net outflows of $94 million during the same period in the previous year, an improvement of 19q1 over the same period; sales of $1 billion, mainly fast-track orders, were confirmed. Accounts receivable at the end of the period amounted to $1,672 million, a decrease of $298 million compared to the beginning of the period.
Figure 6: 19q1 Receivables Receivables Receivables Receivables Receivables
In addition to the Māori rate, it is mainly affected by a reduction in VAT refunds, equity incentive costs, and exchange rate fluctuations, although the management of costs contributes positively. The value-added tax refund was $6.424 million in the same period last year, representing 6.0 per cent of income, which is normal at 5 per cent right, and less than 5 million in the same period last year.
In March, pmi over-expected rebounded, industrial controls recovered early, and the growth of the general automation operation in Hitchuan is expected to accelerate; the new energy source, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory.