— The company's performance forecast for the first quarter of 2019 was published by the company's performance forecast for the first quarter of 2019, with net profit achieved of $1.18 to $157 million, compared with the company's performance forecast for the first quarter of 2019, according to the company's performance forecast for the first quarter of 2019.
10.24 - 11.22 million yuan, a 5 - 15 per cent increase over the same period, resulting in a net return of $118 - 157 million, a decrease over the same period;2 a decrease in value-added tax refunds received by companies;3 an increase in the number of company personnel, an increase in wages paid, social security, public funds, etc.; and a fourth phase of equity incentives implemented by companies during the reporting period
Planned increases in equity incentives; 4 companies investing in the Pre-Hin Shenzhen Central European M & A Fund (with a good margin of data in March 2019 pmi, where the industry is expected to recover: according to the National Statistical Office, in March 2019 the pmi was 50.5 per cent, an increase of 1.3 million compared to February 2019
The production index is 52.7%, an increase of 3.2 percentage points over February, and the weight is above the threshold, indicating that manufacturing activity has accelerated with the concentration of enterprises after the spring season. The new order order index is 51.6%, an increase of 1.0 percentage points over February, and is at the threshold for two months in a row.
Above, it shows that manufacturing market demand continues to grow, and the industrial-controlled sector is currently in the bottom line. • The company intends to acquire 100% of the shareholding in Shanghai Bethet, and the synergizing effect of the elevator operation is significant: in April 2019, the company announced a plan to acquire 100% of the shareholding in Bethet, with a prevalued value of 24.87%.
The total amount of the package will not exceed $320 million. Shanghai Bestte focuses on electronic and structural combinations of elevator fittings, including human interfaces, door systems, cable cables, wellway electrical, control systems, etc. The deal will significantly enhance the company’s overall electrical solutions for elevators.
The company maintains a “strongly recommended” rating as a leader in the automation of industrial controls:
The performance forecast meets expectations, general automation is robust, operations such as general automation and orbital traffic are growing at a relatively fast pace, maintaining a “highly recommended” rating.
Industry and Control continues to grow, new energy sources may enter.