The company issued its annual report in 2018, which generated $5,874 million, an increase of 22.96 per cent over the previous year. The net profit from maternity and the net profit from non-mortality was 1,167, 1.05 billion, an increase of 10.08 per cent and 13.3 per cent, respectively, respectively.
Despite the downside pressures of the fourth quarter, automated operations have grown better throughout the year. Over the last year, under the influence of the macro-economy and trade war, the industrial oem market q4 fell by 6.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, but corporate q4 general automaticization generated $760 million, an increase of 28.9 per cent, while overall performance remained strong, it is worth mentioning that it was still strong.
In 2018, the company achieved a breakthrough in the market eu in metallurgy, chemicals, etc., by providing its clients with a process-based engineering frequency programme. In addition, the company was able to withstand pressure from cellular manufacturing, lithium power, and the downswing of robotics, and it continued to achieve high growth in the area of universal servers.
In addition, the company has made a major breakthrough in its cross-border customers of elevators such as Tyson, Tungsong and others, with an integrated elevator operation receiving 1.37 billion dollars, an increase of 22.34 per cent over the same period, significantly exceeding market expectations.
1. "Assessment of the acquisition of technology in the Hong Kong River - Merger and purchase of elevators " , through the introduction of new products and the expansion of industrial applications, has led to a 3 per cent increase in the company ' s electric fluid server collection. The total automated and machine block collection has reached 4.8 billion, a 27 per cent increase, representing a very strong growth capacity in the industry.
2. The annual report of the Hong Kong technology report, Review of the Progress-Technology Touch, foresees a significant recovery in industry q3 and a 24 per cent compound increase in the company ' s block over the next three years, with new energy vehicle operations under pressure, which are expected to hit the bottom this year.
3. “Seconian Technology Point Assessment — General Business is growing rapidly, production is constant, companies are interested in controlling the sale of return-risk customers, adding the price pressure of the refunds, and new energy passenger and logistics vehicle operations are down by the same margin.
4. HC-Technology Report - Accent Smart Manufacturing, eight customers moving towards bulk sales and a single component surge targeting international passenger customers.
With $841 million in the new energy truck business this year, a decline of 8% compared to the previous year, it is expected to reach $1.18 billion this year, driven by a return in passenger traffic and logistics. By optimizing the organizational structure, it will be better able to serve the corporate double-man strategy.
The functional sector matrix management structure, which is expected to reduce costs by increasing the efficiency of management and marketing operations. Companies, on the one hand, are deep-ploughing their older industries and introducing diversified depth solutions, and, on the other hand, are working with companies such as large-scale lasers to expand new industries such as lasers and semiconductors.
The branding influence is rising rapidly in various industries, such as Apple, Catl, Central Quakers, etc. Profit predictions and investment proposals: Deliberately disregarding the Betsett list while taking into account the relatively low performance of q1 in 2019.
(b) Chart 3: Corporate Core Profitability Business Indicators (%) Figure 4: Changes in Corporate Cost Ratio Indicators (%)
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment