The company plans to acquire 100 per cent of Bethette's equity in cash + as the world's best elevator industry.
Solution suppliers. HSBC announces a purchase plan for the purchase of 100% of Bestte's shares at a price of $2.487 billion, corresponding to 18 years of 10.6 timespe, of which $1.27 billion in cash buys 51% of the shares, Bestte is the country's leading elevator parts and components, and the market is occupied by human interfaces, buttons, monitors, etc.
Bester’s products cover human interfaces, door systems, wire cable, wellway electrical, etc. The human interface industry is the first, the cable industry is the second, and the system is the first to generate revenue from multinational companies and overseas. About 80% of the elevator products are sold to domestic customers.
The two companies have developed good complementarities, and it is expected that the one elevator with Bethette will quickly enter the multinational enterprise supply chain. The one elevator machine + the cable, and the one control system with the river, are also evident in terms of product complementarities, raising the capacity of the big one.
▪ The acquisition is a strategic acquisition that brings together the world’s top suppliers of parts and components.
Quicker than expected, General Automation's overall electrical solution capability for elevators. (2) Form the world's leading elevator industry solver.
The company’s strategic vision is consistent with the company’s strategic vision. (3) The business model and business model of the rich Hong Kong River.  March, pmi over-expected rebound, industrial-controlled industry orders grew over-expected, and industrial automation picked up faster. In March, the official pmi over-expected rebounded, reaching 50.5 return to the Quantities Line.
Annual performance meets expectations, general automation is above, and according to our research channel, the front-runners' March orders clearly outpaced expectations, industrial controls, bright spots, new energy to use.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: The acquisition has not yet been completed, leaving behind the Béster scale, maintaining the fourth phase of the company’s draft equity incentive plan, locking in 41/35/27.
Synergy is evident; in March, pmi over-expected rebounded, industrial controls recovered early, and the general automation of the Hitchon business is expected to accelerate; the new power-borne power and power-control operations are beginning to be released this year, and the potential for the future is for companies to acquire 100 per cent of Bethet ' s equity in cash plus in order to become the world ' s leading supplier of solutions in the elevator industry.
In the publication of the Advance Plan for Issuance of Shares and Payment of Cash to Buy Assets and Collect Auxiliary Funds, it is proposed to acquire 100 per cent of Bestte ' s shares at a price of 2,487 million dollars, corresponding to 18 years of 10.6 timespe, which will pay for 51 per cent of cash purchases and the remaining surplus.
Béster was created in 1998 as a leading industrial firm in the country that focuses on electronic and structural combinations of elevator fittings, with products covering human interfaces, door systems, cable cables, wellway electrical, control systems, etc. The city is in the forefront of the industry, and the market for human interfaces is in the first place.
Second in the cable industry, in the top five of the system, multinational companies earned more than 60 per cent of their income, with 2,424 million yuan in 2018 and a net profit of 235 million yuan (unaudited). Based on the company’s business model (high overseas customer ratio, good cash return), we expect the company’s cash flow to be good.
The elevator industry is concentrated on its head, and foreign brands account for most of it. The elevators have started in the West, and the centuries-long development has led to a clear trend of concentration in the industry, with the American elevators represented by Odiz, the European elevators represented by Finland, Catarina, Germany, and the Japanese elevators represented by Mitsubishi, Japan, taking up most of the global market.
Chinese elevators started late in 2005 with only 135,000 elevators, 810,000 in 17 years and 16.1 per cent in cagr, and our elevator holdings reached 56,27,000 in 2017, the world's largest, with 40 per capita capacity per capita, which is above the world's per capita, but still far from the developed world; and the future is due to urbanization, the upgrading of the old ladders and the addition of old buildings.
Domestic elevator demand will continue to grow. On a case-by-case basis, foreign brands such as Odiz, Tisenkamp, Jingda, Tung Li, Mitsubishi, Fushda, Yoki, Toshiba and others account for 60-65% of the market share, while domestic front-line brands (Kang Li, Jiangnan Kaje, Guangzhi, etc.) and second-line brands (small and medium-sized private companies) each account for less than 20%.
Figure 1: Domestic elevator production. Figure 2: Domestic elevator holdings.
With the upgrading of domestic manufacturing levels, a growing number of front-line plants are taking into account cost-control considerations to give up their parts and components for full self-production and instead purchase from suppliers, mainly in two categories: Mitsubishi-represented Japanese wholes are usually accompanied by their own subsidiaries and are unattainable to extra-system companies; and the European-American system is well known and well known.
In recent years, as competition has intensified, the whole plant has become more attractive to parts and components suppliers that can provide a “big package” of solutions.
Bethet and Hitchon have complementarities and synergies in terms of their clients and products. Bethette has now established stable partnerships with multinational firms, such as many, and with excellent domestic producers, with over 60% of the revenue coming from transnational corporations and overseas.
The two companies have developed good complementarities, and it is hoped that the one elevator machine in Bensett, in conjunction with Bethste, will accelerate entry into the multinational enterprise supply chain. The main elevator crew + the cable, and the one-engine control system in Bensettt, which will make up a large elevator support system, are also clearly complementary in terms of products and will enhance the capacity of the big one.
This acquisition is a strategic acquisition, which combines the creation of a global top-notch supplier of parts and components. There are three strategic elements for the acquisition of Bester: (1) a significant upgrading of the company's overall electrical solutions to elevators, in response to the trend of the elevator industry. The elevator industry is currently competitive, with increased concentration, with down-scaling manufacturers based on resource optimization, efficiency gains, etc.
In conjunction with Bethet, the power of the whole solution is expected to increase significantly. (2) To form a world-class elevator industry, a solution provider, consistent with the company's strategic vision.
At the operational level, there are three types of business structures, namely, a stable cash-flowing cow business + a high-risk business + a high-risk business with high profit expectations.
The business, which each accounts for about one-third of the business, corresponds to the three main sections of the current convection elevator, general utility, and automobile, and forms a sound and progressive business model. In the business model, the refined management of Bethet leads to high net interest rates under low Maori conditions; In the marketing model, Bethet is based on direct sales, and the management of direct sales is worth drawing on.
In cooperation with Bethette, a 13-year joint venture to explore the whole of the elevator solution was launched. This was not the first time that the acquisition had been carried out in cooperation with Merbert, which in 2013 had co-financed the establishment of the Shanghai Merbert Elevator Technology Corporation, based on the joint venture’s research and development platform, manufacturing platform, and informationization platform, which provided customers with an elevator “big fit”
In March, the pmi over-expected rebound, the industrial-controlled industrial orders were over-expected, and the industrial-controlled Dragonhead Sinkuan Industry Automation increased rapidly. In March, the official pmi over-expected rebounded, reaching 50.5% back above the Doom Line.
Figure 3: The relevance of pmi to the industrial control industry Profit forecasting and investment rating: The acquisition has not yet been completed, leaving the Betsett list aside, maintaining the company ' s net profit of 18-20 years at 41/35/27 times the current price. The post-Bestett company will form a world-class elevator parts supplier.
Synergy was significant; in March, pmi rebounded over the expectations, industrial controls recovered early, and the general automation operation in Hitchon was expected to grow with an additional $37.35 to maintain its “buy-in” rating.