The company's annual report for 2018 has generated $5,874 million, a year-on-year increase.
Prior to this, the company issued a performance forecast for the first quarter of 2019, which showed a 5-15% increase in the same year in the reporting period and a 20-40% decline in the net profit from the same year for mothers.
The trend is clear: the oem market as a whole grew by only 4.1 per cent, the project market as a whole grew by 9.5 per cent, the company as a domestic variable, service leader, the deep-farming industry application, and the general automated product market rate continued to rise, reaching a similar income of 2,587 million.
The project-end industry upgrades the landscape, provides ongoing process-based variable-frequency resolutionrs with total market value/flow (millions of dollars) and establishes industry labels. Industrial robotics generate $84 million, an increase of 11.55%, compared to 11.55%.
Taking advantage of the competitive advantages of “core components plus whole machines plus processes”, focusing on the markets for precision manufacturing and new energy production, layout and fostering new opportunities.
Change and the impact of competition in the market, with the Māori product rate of 41.81%, a decline of 3.3 pct from the previous year, remains high in the industry. Currently, pmi is back above the critical point in March, and the policy-level trend of “stable growth + broad credit” has gradually intensified, in the context of rising human costs, import substitution, etc.
We maintain the idea that the recovery in industrial control will continue, that the country is investing in industrial upgrading and expanding domestic demand, and that this round of industrial control recovery will be fundamentally different from that of 2010 in the context of a shift from “high investment” to “high consumption”.
Many breakthroughs in the interlocking process, and new sources of energy are time-limited. In 2018, more breakthroughs were made across the country, with new orders of $1.08 billion and revenues of $212 million during the reporting period.
This compares with an increase of 111.55 per cent, participating in tenders for several projects at the latitude track and winning in Suzhou, Beijing, Qingdao, Guiyang and Nantung, among others, are already very few of the country ' s suppliers of orbital transport towed systems with core technology and operational experience, and are well-visited companies with off-site billing capabilities.
In 2018, in the light of the trend towards motorization of cars, the volume of new-energy automobiles has been growing at a high rate, mainly due to continued market demand in the area of new-energy vehicles, but influenced by policy subsidies, low market demand for commercial vehicles (buses, logistics) and company-owned new-energy automobile operations.
Revenue of $841 million, a decrease of 7.97 per cent over the same period, is worth highlighting the rapid growth in the company's revenue from the new energy-borne car industry. Over the reporting period, a cumulative number of projects in eight domestic automobile companies were completed and partially sold.
Technology and product platforms, such as source, are developing a third-generation power product, which is expected to move to the market by the end of the year; iatf16949, vda6.3 systems have been reviewed, iso2662 has been secured and certified safely, and national and international in terms of functional safety, software, emc tests, etc.
The company is committed to becoming a leading global power-driven system supplier in the world’s first-class new energy automobiles, recognized by the first-class car factory. Billion dollars, or 20.2%, compared to 12.11% for R & D, through a sustained high proportion of R & D inputs.
It is worth mentioning that the R & D cost deduction has been raised to 75% of the new regulations.
As a result, tax cuts have risen to 72 million. State tax cuts are expected to continue, and companies will continue to benefit as leading STI firms.
Models, high resilience to the risks of industrial volatility, and a weak macro-environment are also good opportunities for high-quality companies to increase their import substitution and market share. Watch the company’s “double king” strategy.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.