The BEST programme was updated, and the advantages of cross-border clients were highlighted. On 23 May 2019, the company published a revised draft of the acquisition, updating some of the post-audit financial information.
The Bill to issue shares and pay cash to purchase assets and raise matching funds, adding the financial information of the company subject to audit, as well as information on performance splitting, customer structure, raw material procurement, etc., and fine-tuning the objectives of the performance commitment; the trading programme for this transaction, transaction pricing, price increases, etc. remain unchanged.
Bethet is a leading domestic elevator parts and components enterprise, with a leading city position in the industry: human interfaces, buttons, monitors, etc., created in 1998 as an industry leader in the country focused on electronic and structural combinations of elevator parts, product coverage, door systems, cable cables, wellway electrical, control systems, etc.
Elevator electrical parts. The city of human interfaces, buttons, monitors, etc. is in the forefront of the industry, with the world of humans being in the first place, the cable industry in the second place, and the first five in the system. On the scale of income, the humans interface is the business that accounts for the highest share of corporate income, with 48% in 2018, followed by wire cable (21%) and well lanes.
Electrical (9 per cent); Māori has the highest Māori penetration, with 31.2 per cent Māori in 2018, but 2.8 ptc, 17.4 per cent for door systems, 16.8 per cent for wells, 17.5 per cent for wireline cables, and more than 60 per cent for human interfaces.
Seven of Bethette's big multinational clients together contribute 60% of their income. Best interests focus on the big, core multinational clients, Audios, Tung Li, Jingda, Tyson, Fushda, Yoki and Toshiba, who together achieved sales in 2018. Sales revenue is 1,444 million yuan, representing 60% of corporate revenue, up from 2 pct.
Merger profits are consolidated from the beginning of the period to the date of consolidation. Large non-recurring gains and losses were generated in 2017/18, mainly the monthly purchase of 100 per cent of the Betsett Gate equity, all of which are business assets, but the current gains and losses between the beginning of the period and the date of consolidation are actually operating as a non-recurring gain and loss as a result of consolidation of the same controlled enterprise.
1 “Seconian Technology (300124): q1 Full Q1 Assessment Report predicts a compound profit growth rate of 9.6 per cent over the next five years.
Millions of dollars, less the Benesthete combined-calibre debt on interest payments, valued at $2,494 million and valued at 31 times the value of the transaction: comparable cases include the acquisition of Wilman (a manufacturer of electrical parts and components) at 12 times the market gain rate in 2015 by Hua-Hon Tech. The elevator industry continued to outperform expectations in April 2019. In 2017, the number of elevators per capita was 40 per 10,000.
Beyond world per capita, but there is still a gap with developed countries: domestic elevator demand will continue to grow in the future, driven by urbanization, old ladder upgrades, old constructions, and others, such as “Seconian technology (300124): a season of construction plus fittings.” Housing construction has increased rapidly since 2019.
The forecast is low, with a 19.4 per cent increase in industrial-controlled recovery and multipliers, compared with 3.4 pct in January-March; 74,000 elevators were produced in the month of April, and the Betsett and Sinkuan elevator blocks are expected to outperform their performance in 19 years.
Multiplier. Together with Bethet, the company will form a global first-class elevator parts supplier, with significant synergies; industry is moving ahead to weak recovery, with accelerated growth in the general automation business of Hitchon expected; new energy vehicles and electricity companies publish a revised acquisition draft to update some of the audited financial information.
The Bill to issue shares and pay cash to purchase assets and raise matching funds, adding the financial information of the company subject to audit, as well as information on performance splitting, customer structure, raw material procurement, etc., and fine-tuning performance commitments, evaluating targets; maintaining the trading programme of the transaction, trading pricing, price increases, etc.
Bester is the leading domestic elevator parts and components enterprise, and the city is in the forefront of the industry, with human interfaces, buttons, monitors, etc. It was created in 1998 as an industry leader in the country, focusing on electrical and structural combinations of elevator parts, with product coverage of human interfaces, door systems, cable cables, wellway electrical, control systems, etc.
In terms of income, the human interface is the highest share of the company ' s income, with 48% in 2018, followed by door systems (21%), wire cables (21%) and wells.
Door system, wellway electrical, wire cable-rich rates are 17.4%/16.8%-17.5% respectively; human interfaces together contribute 60% of the total revenue of seven major multinational business clients in Bethet.
Revenues amounted to $1,444 million, or 60 per cent of the company’s revenue, an increase of 2 pct over the same year. Quality clients brought to the company a better cash return level, with a turnover rate of 4.12 accounts receivable in 18 years, an increase of 0.54 times in the same year.
The acquisition of 100 per cent of the Benko cable, Morning Mae, Bethet cable in December, and of 100 per cent of the Bette Gate machine in June 2018 were business assets, but the current gains and losses between the beginning of the period and the date of the merger were recorded as non-recurrent gains and losses as a result of consolidation under the same control.
The assessment report projected a compound profit growth rate of 9.6 per cent over the next five years, and the company gave an assessment report of Bestte ' s future interest-servicing debt of $500 million less Bestte ' s combined caliber debt of $140 million, with an assessment value of $2,494 million, with a trade countervalue set at 12 times the market gain for the acquisition of Wilman (power spare parts manufacturers) in 2015 in comparable cases.
In April of 2019, the elevator industry continued to outperform expectations. In 2017, we had 40 elevators per capita, surpassing the world average, but there was still a gap with the developed countries; domestic elevator demand will continue to grow in the future, driven by urbanization, upgrading of the old ladders, and addition of old buildings.
All right, 13.1% cumulative growth in January-April, leading to an upturn in the elevator industry, with 215,000 domestic elevators produced in January-April, up from 4.1pc. The elevator industry is over-expected, core spare parts suppliers will benefit, and Bethet and Bester and Hitchon have complementarities and synergies with customers and products.
National manufacturers, as well as good domestic producers, have established a stable partnership, receiving three consecutive years of a truncheon gold supplier award for 2017-19, the only one in the world, Bestte earns more than 60% of his income from transnational corporations and overseas. And about 80% of the elevators are sold to domestic customers, about 20% of multinational enterprises and exports, and two companies have developed good complementarities.
A single elevator with Bethette is expected to speed up access to the multinational enterprise supply chain. The main elevator crew + cable, and a single machine control system with Hitchon are complementary in terms of products. This acquisition is a strategic acquisition that brings together the world’s leading suppliers of parts and components. For Hitchcheon, the acquisition of Beth.
The strategy is threefold: (1) In keeping with the trend of the elevator industry, there is a significant increase in the capacity of the company to deal with elevators as a whole. Currently, the elevator industry is highly competitive, with increased concentration, and the demand for diverse, integrated, large-scale packages is growing, based on factors such as resource optimization, downgrading efficiency and so on.
With the extension of the electrical product category of the sink elevator, the overall solution capability is expected to increase significantly. (2) The formation of world-class elevators, parts and components suppliers, is in line with the company’s strategic vision.
At the operational level, there are three types of business structures, namely, a stable cash flow cow business plus a high-risk growth business plus a high-risk business with about one third of each business, corresponding to the current three main modules: a confluence elevator, a general utility, and a car.
In the business model, the refined management of Bethet leads to high net interest rates under low Maori conditions; in the marketing model, Bethette is based on direct sales, and the management of direct sales is worth learning. The 1901 industry has recovered weakly. The 2019o1 automated market has grown by 1.7%, at a rate of 0.00 per cent per cent over the 18o4 round ratio.
Improvements, of which oems, project-based markets, 3.7%, 5.8%, were expected to fall by 19q1 and the industrial-controlled sector was expected to rise ahead of the line. The Sinkuan industrial-controlled order began to show weak signs of recovery in April, with a numerical increase, and the company’s industrial-controlled business will continue to grow better as the mood continues to stagger.
The synergies that will result from joining Bester will be significant: the industry is moving ahead to a weak recovery phase, and the growth of the general automation business in Hitchuan is expected to accelerate; the new power-to-vehicle power control business will start this year.