Short-term fluctuations in speeds do not change long-term logic, the transition to industrial controls is growing rapidly, and the General Automation operations support company industrial controls continue to grow rapidly in 2018.
Liquid server operations generated $495 million (yoy+3%). In general automation operations, companies have grown better in the eu and oem markets by insisting on “industry marketing plus technology marketing plus product marketing.” In the elevator integrated operations, companies have insisted on controlling and driving the product as a core, faced with increasing competition.
Hearts, the creation of intelligent elevators, and the maintenance of multinational corporate users. The electrolytic server service, with the heavy drop in the orders of the compressor, made a breakthrough in the oil press, aluminium materials, stand-alone machines, etc., a slight increase in the same year.
In order to achieve a multi-point breakthrough across the country, Suzhou has been involved in a number of projects at long latitudes and has won major projects such as the Suzhou subway line 5 (254 million) and the South Channel line 1 ($193 million), which have been cumulatively updated throughout the year.
Field companies focus on strategies and clients, accelerating the development of a new generation of integrated controllers and cost controls to cope with the impact of falling subsidies in the industry. Companies in the field of logistics vehicles are actively working on high-value solutions, t-box products are loaded in bulk.
The company's strategy of operating around “core parts + machine + visual + process, optimizing the scara robotic product series, and launching the irb300 series of six joints
The company's industrial robots and the Shanghai Lane together generated $84 million a year, a year-on-year increase.
The view of Jiangsu's longitude into rapid development. From 2018 to the end of the year, the Corporate Business Development Festival.
Macroeconomic fluctuations lead to downside risks in industrial demand; real estate market fluctuations lead to downside demand for elevators
Presented by the new energy team of the Broadly Evidenceed Hensen Power Facility: Pan Yong Lei Xiamen University, Master of Finance, eight years of portfolio research experience, covering mainly engineering and electrical equipment, Xu Wai: Master of Technology, Zhejiang University, two years of portfolio research experience, covering mainly new energy generation.
Li Chi Ho, Master of Space Engineering, Beijing Polytechnic University, one year of portfolio research experience, mainly covering new energy vehicles, address: Guangzhou International Finance Centre, 5 Guangzhou International Finance Center, Chuangxi Road, Guangzhou City, Guangzhou