We've recently conducted a study on the stock market, which is based on our analysis of the company.
With the completion of the BMW merger in February this year, 60 million tons of capacity, the company became China's largest and second largest steel company in the world, with a domestic market share of more than 50 per cent of automobile boards, the third largest in the world, and the third largest in the world in the production of silicon steel, which will enhance the company's pricing capacity at the end of the product, and now the company's R & D, purchasing and selling.
There is a strong cost advantage for raw materials, as the cost of iron ore is lower for coastal enterprises than for inland enterprises, while the main production bases for steel are Baosan, Maysan,
The eastern mountains and the Qingshans are all along the coast or along the river, with low logistics costs for raw materials at the end of the river, as well as high grade, low impurity, and good metallurgical performance of iron ore used in the steel furnaces, which will reduce the ratio, which is currently around 300 kg/t, indicating that the indicators are advanced, industry leads and cost advantages are significant.
The Unit compares the trend to 300 deep, high-quality products, high-quality corporate products and excellent service, with an average sale price of $4371 per ton per ton per quarter of board material per ton.
The Yuji River is gradually on the right track. The strong geographical position of the Yangtze River has led to low cost of iron ore and 8.9 million tons of rough steel production in the Yangtze River.
Some 8 million tons of pre-production capacity have started to make a profit, and with the full release of capacity, the production line will be put on track, and there will be much room for greater profitability. The company will benefit from the loss of capacity + the removal of ground steel + the limitation of heating production, the prospect of a stronger future plate.
In the second half of the year, cars were sold in the traditional season, increasing demand for the plates, while in the first half they were hung due to the collapse of the thread price, leading to a shift in iron water to long materials, a decline in the production of the plates, combined with the limited production of the next winter “2+26” city during the warm season, a high probability of the plates rising.
In the context of supply-side reform and landline steel, over 80 per cent is long-term, power suppliers and movable property pledges are actively deployed.
Summary of company financial statement data projections Fan Jingsong, Bachelor of Science and Engineering in High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Materials Science and Engineering, General Engineers, Central University of Technology, Lille, France, rubber, titanium powder, new materials, composite fertilizer, civilian explosives, etc.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.