The iron and steel taps were replenished and their value gradually highlighted the fact that on 4 August, the steel plate, although falling back and forth, continued to be good overall, with a 4.25 per cent increase in the collection of the treasure steel, the sw steel stubble, ranking 4th and the highest 8.75 per cent increase in the plate on that day, and the reasons for the large increase are analysed below.
This year, the BMW Group produced more than 60 million tons, the BMW Group produced 46 million tons, and among the global steel listing companies, BMW shares produced 3rd in rough steel, 3rd in carboards, and 1st in silicon steel. BMW shares accounted for more than 50% of the domestic market.
With the near or over-expected environmental inspector, the city limits of 2+26 in the Kyunjin district are approaching, and the four priority cities of Tangshan, Jiu, Ishijia and Anyang will lose at least 50 per cent of their production during the warm season.
If the pm2.5 concentration does not improve over the same period last year, it is more likely to expand from the above four cities. This will benefit the steel industry in non-Kyoto.
Demand-side support is still on, with stock falling three times this week, the city's hot-rolling stock of 21.776 million tons, which is 231,000 tons less than last week, and stock dropping three times, indicating that demand remains strong, further supporting future steel companies to sustain current and even higher-than-current profits.
In the second half of the year, the company's profits are expected to continue to increase, and in the second half of the year, the traditional car sales are expected to grow, increasing the demand for the plates.
Half a year, with the fall in the coil price leading to a long-term shift in iron and steel, the plate price is expected to rise, and the company’s profitability is expected to be long-term in the context of supply-side reform and landline steel.
Shareholdings: Board leader, second half of year, high-quality leader, steady growth of 80% or more, active appliancer and movable property pledge
Summary of company financial statement data projections Fan Jingsong, Bachelor of Science and Engineering in High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Materials Science and Engineering, General Engineers, Central University of Technology, Lille, France, rubber, titanium powder, new materials, composite fertilizer, civilian explosives, etc.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.