Performance meets expectations, and corporate profits are expected to rise rapidly in the second half of the year. \triangleright is the leader of the industry, with products dominated by panels, whose prices fell by about $500 per ton in total in the second quarter.
Despite the high-end, excellent quality of the company ' s products and the limited decline in its products, net profits have been affected by the failure to sustain a one-quarter profit level. Overall, corporate profits of 8.514 billion remain high in the country, with the first and first half-yearly reporting performance also meeting expectations.
In the second half of the year, the Changjiang Iron and Steel Unit achieved their monthly production, the cold-rolling and retreating team entered the cold load test vehicle in June, and the 1# Electric and steel heat load test vehicle was successful in July, meaning that the 1# Electric steel unit is about to be put into production; and the Changjia base is about to begin production.
The Unit is moving rapidly towards formalization in comparison with the trend of depth 300, with a net profit of 1.35 billion dollars in half a year, estimated at 8 million tons per year, and a net profit of about $330 tons of steel, based on equipment configuration and geographical advantage in the Shanjiang.
The net profit from the postnatal period is at least $100 to $200, and considering the $300 to $400 price increase in August, the potential for profit in the second half of the Changjiang base is to be expected. Environmentally friendly warming season limits + fog limits + gas modification continues to strain demand and demand.
\triangleright, recently launched by the Department of Environmental Protection, “Kyotsu and surrounding areas in the integrated management of atmospheric pollution in autumn 2017-2018,” which identifies the limits of the heating season in priority cities such as Tangshan, Jiu, Ishijia and Anyang.
50 per cent of production capacity, which will affect the production of 30 to 40 million tons of crude steel, and the lack of light in the unheated season, will also result in production restrictions; and, as of 1 September, the Tangshan region has temporarily stopped manufacturing steel processing plants for 15 to 30 days due to gas switching, with a cumulative production of about 88,000 tons per day, which will make supply and demand more tight in the short term, with steel prices likely to be certain.
The company’s profits are expected to increase rapidly in the second half of the year, with 4.17 million tons of stocks in this week’s heat mill, 308,000 tons in social stock, and 7.25 million in general.
Tons; the hot roll 1801 contract surged today by 4.23% to $4091; the second half of the year was a season of traditional car sales, and now the price of the plates has been repaired and is expected to rise in the future, and the company’s profits may rise rapidly in the second half of the year.
1. Industry event review: steel plates are expected to open a new cycle of upswings, and the second half of the year was determined to take a good look at the Cricket Company, the Treasure Stock Exchange (600019) Research Brief: Treasure Steel
Stockholdings: Platehead, second half of the year. 4. Stockholdings (600019). Industry: 80% or more, active appliancers and movable property pledge.
Summary of company financial statement data projections Fan Jingsong, Bachelor of Science and Engineering in High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Materials Science and Engineering, General Engineers, Central University of Technology, Lille, France
The UDPS has successfully recommended Qi Fengteng Da, Jacques Technology, Daozhou Ming Ju, Zao Lis, Erk, Erkang, Nopshin, Bao Li, and Chinese authors with qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment consultancy, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the authors, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and that the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence.