In the first half of 2017, Xu Dong-tung's profits increased by 58 per cent in the first half of the year, and in the first half of the year, Changjiang made a net gain of $1.35 billion.
In the first half of the year, Treasure and Steel achieved a total profit of $8.51 billion, an increase of 58% over the same period. The Changjiang Steel has now been cut by $3.82 billion over the same period, with better cost controls.
In nine consecutive years, China has ranked first in the world in terms of automobile production and growth, and its autonomous brands have risen rapidly, with automobile production remaining at 4 to 5% annual compound growth in the next eight years. The light weight of automobiles is the engine of industry’s development, but the proportion of steel used in overall body manufacturing has not decreased, with strong steel replacing conventional soft steel.
Tens of tons of high steel sales amounted to 2.99 million tons, an increase of 15.4 per cent over the same period, with the healthy growth of the market in Boshan, Zhangjiang and Aoyama in the first half of 2017 and the continued high growth of super-high steel of nearly 20 per cent.q&a link: production is limited or leads to the transfer of steel production capacity
The country’s economic development is at a certain stage, and environmental requirements are put on the agenda. There is little demand for steel during the heating season in winter, but production restrictions affect the supply of steel outside the region. China’s steel industry is poorly structured, with large demand from the South but few producers.
It can be implemented in the short term if the company uses a furnace to deal with a limited production environment, but it can cause equipment problems in the long term during the heating season. Thus, frequent environmental restrictions can lead to the transfer of iron and steel production.
In the first half of the year, total profits increased by 58 per cent, and in the first half of the year, a net gain of $1.35 billion was achieved in the first half of the year. Key business figures for the first half of the year were aggregated. The three major international rating agencies showed that the stockholdings continued to be the highest credit rating of the global integrated steel industry.
The steel shares are included in the China a50 index at the time of Fulbright. 2. The Chanjiang steel has performed well, and it is now fully productive, producing 4.19 million tons of steel and selling 4.02 million tons in the first half of the year.
In the first half of the year, a net profit of $1.35 billion was realized. In the first half of the year, Changjiang steel was the best cash-cost production base for treasure and steel.
Efficiency gains: 10 per cent for first-tier institutions, 47 per cent for second-tier institutions, 53 per cent for direct management and 11 per cent for staff efficiency. Corporate costs were set to decrease by $3.82 billion in the first half of 2017 compared to the same period in 2015. The cost of selling steel to the Ton of Steel rose by 18 per cent in the first half of the year, while industry levels rose by 35 per cent, and the cost control of steel was significantly better than that of peers (figure 4).
In 2017, Eumelun was selected as China's major commodity power provider, BMW, from 22nd place in 2016 to 6th place in the current year. BMW's business grew rapidly, with platforms trading growing by 258% on the same date, platform steel accounting by 93% on the same date, and sales by 93% on the same date.
Euromellowers have introduced six investors in the steel group, the first steel fund, Pros, the Trust, the Sand and Steel group, and the tri-well product, with a total investment of 870 million yuan, representing 23% of the share. There are currently 126 employees in the Euromelon company, with a 5% share.
Supply is high, environmental storms are high: the industry is now highly profitable, crude steel production is largely superior, and the industry’s capacity utilization is close to the threshold. Social stocks of steel are low, and steel exports are nearly 30% lower than in the previous year, making up for the shortage of steel supplies in the country.
In the second half of the year, the market has estimated an increase in electric stoves in the range of 10 million tons. “2+26” cities have limited production during the heating season, estimated to be about 30-40 million tons of hard steel.
Real estate regulation policies have had a limited impact on real estate investment, and the cumulative growth in acquisitions has remained strong since the beginning of the year. Car sales have been low in the first half of the year, and it has come to light since June, looking at the second half of the car plate. There has been a marked increase in household electricity sales, particularly in air conditioners and refrigerators, and in the price of coloured electricity raw materials with steel: industry starts at near threshold, iron ore marginal demand has increased only slightly this year; iron ore overseas has grown.
The price of iron ore has indeed been characterized by a rise in steel prices. The recent slow rise in coal prices and the apparent rise in futures prices may increase in the future. The price of bulk goods has increased significantly since 2017, with pirm rising more than pppi, focusing on raw materials and manufacturing costs.
Real-estate investments and sales fell sharply in July, warning against the lack of growth in real-estate and capital. The spread of steel prices and iron ore prices and reduced pressure on ore costs helped raise profits in three quarters.
In the second half of the year, the focus will be on promoting the integration of weapons of mass destruction: 15 erp systems will be covered, synergies will be strengthened, and 1 billion yuan in synergies will be ensured. Deepening reforms will result in efficiency gains: more than 24 subsidiaries will be reduced in the second half of the year; and the total number of factories and workshops will be reduced by 7%.
Continued cost changes: completion of the $6 billion cost reduction target; a three-year plan to reduce the start-up cost of the Aoyama base; strengthening of two-fold pressure control: maintenance of early-year control targets and optimization of cash flows; strategic planning: development of a new strategic plan for the merger of the treasures.
The light quantitative trend in cars has not reduced the proportion of steel use, and the high volume of steel sales has increased rapidly in China ' s automobile market \triangleright
China became the world’s largest vehicle market. In 2016, the world produced more than 90 million cars, with China’s car production (2.812 million) and its rate of increase (14.5%) being the top 20 countries in the world in nine consecutive years.
China’s automobile production will continue to grow. Currently, China’s vehicle holdings of 1,000 people are at a low level of 140.
In 2025, China will produce 40 million new vehicles, 250 dry people, and the light numeral does not reduce the proportion of steel used, and super-high steel has a competitive advantage. The new trend of low-carbonization, informationization and intelligence in the world ' s automobile industry has led to changes in the business planning of automobile production.
Formerly, the automobile industry was moving towards light quantification, intelligence and new energy sources (figure 7), with cost and performance constraints being considered, light-quantified materials were using a multi-material technical route dominated by steel, including light alloys such as aluminium, magnesium, and fibre-added, strong composite materials. The U.S. National Laboratory divided the material structure of the U.S. light vehicles from 1995 to 2014.
The results show that the overall proportion of steel used in vehicles has not tended to decrease, but that the proportion of high-strength steels replacing conventional soft steel has increased significantly, and the proportion of aluminium alloys replacing cast iron has also increased. The combination of light and quantitative costs of steel and aluminium, manufacturing techniques (formulation, connection), weight ratios for strength and full life-cycle evaluation is too high
Strong steel and heat-forming steel applications are still highly competitive (figure 8). In Audi, for example, a new generation of Audi 8, which is scheduled to be released in 2018, will give up the entire aluminium white body, and 40% of the body structure of the vehicle will be made from steel. In the Audi light-quantification design, Dr. Brendmlekusch, the chief designer of the heart, said that the future was incomplete, taking into account collision safety and the “gang weight ratio”
Aluminium white body, which currently has some advanced super-high steel performances ahead of aluminium. High-power steel and super-high-power steel technologies will be prioritized for the next 5 to 10 years; third-generation automobile steel and aluminium alloy technologies will be developed over the next 10 years; long-term emphasis will be placed on magnesium alloys and carbon fibre composites.
In 2016, there were 8.93 million tons of steel plates, of which 6.52 million were sold on chilled plates, and 2.99 million tons in high steel.
In the first half of 2017, the market for Bosan, Changjiang, and Aoyama's cold-rolling carboards continued to grow at a high rate of nearly 20%, and the demand for Bo Steel plates by high-speed autonomous branding companies increased faster than the productivity of the user cars.
q&a link: Environmentally restricted production or leading to the transfer of steel production
How long can the high profits of the iron and steel industry last? The previous levels of profits in the iron and steel industry are too low, and supply side reforms are “state policy” and profits are at all levels as long as the firms are not the object of supply-side reforms.
A reasonable profit margin should be higher than a loan rate. Manufacturing and the real economy are cyclical, and the steel sector is reformed on the supply side.
What about foreign views on supply-side reforms in China’s steel industry? What is the future demand for iron ore?
Foreign countries welcome the supply-side reforms in China’s steel industry, arguing that supply-side reforms can reduce the impact of Chinese steel on international markets. To judge future growth in demand for iron ore, three things need to be taken into account: first, whether Chinese steel production has peaked and whether there is room for growth in the future. second, whether India will become the second China.
The peak has been reached (but there will be a future increase if the horizontal alignment of steel levels per capita is used as a criterion); individuals tend to believe that India will not become a second China; future increases in steel production will result in an increase in the number of electric stoves and a decrease in the proportion of high furnaces. So, what are the future prospects for the future development of steel from iron ore?
This year marks a turning point in the processing of steel in electric furnaces, where the cost of steel is already somewhat superior. The advantage of the process is that iron water is pure, pure, and can produce higher value-added products.
\triangleright National Economic Development at a certain stage, environmental requirements will be placed on the agenda. There is little demand for steel in winter heating areas during the heating season, but production restrictions will affect the supply of steel outside the region. China’s steel industry is poorly structured, with large demand from the South but few producers.
The steel industry will face implementation problems in relation to 50% of the production limits of the furnaces. If the company uses the furnaces to deal with the environmental restrictions, they can be implemented in the short term, but in the long term during the heating season, they will cause equipment problems.
The company will change its plans for the original port project and stop building it. What is the future path to integration and increased concentration in the steel industry?
China’s steel industry also has room for upscaling, and China’s first steel company should have a reasonable 20% concentration. Monita, 14 August 2017, researched a weekly commodity report: steel prices are under short-term rewind pressure. Monita, 11 August 2017, study: Nigeria’s production cap is close to 1.8 million barrels a day: a summary of data on the implementation rate of Oec’s production reduction in July.
On August 9, 2017, Monita researched the steel market: How much more can the profits from board production go? On August 7, 2017, Monita researched the weekly commodity report: macro policy and data on the Lido steel market, the stock of finished oil in the United States fell. On August 1, 2017, Monita steel market study: Has the wind come to import Japanese steel?
Monita Commodity Weekly, 31 July 2017: Conference in St. Petersburg, oil-producing countries: the fiction and truth of the reduction in production of opc. Monita Research Weekly, 24 July 2017: The early completion of the shed will increase downward pressure on the consumption of steel in four quarters of real estate. Monita Study, 18 July 2017: Increase in average daily production and demand will continue to highlight the coal data points for June.
Monita study, 18 July 2017: A summary of data on Saudi crude oil production in excess of the upper limit of production and the rate of implementation of the production reduction of Oec in June
On July 10, 2017, Monita Researched the Monita Commodity Weekly: Will America’s summer peaks increase the demand for oil? On July 3, 2017, Monita Researched the Monita Commodity Weekly: Who is changing the “slab” relationship between the profits and production of steel?