On the evening of 18 September, the company announced its intention to acquire the Shanghai Rural Commercial Bank Limited (hereinafter, Shanghai Farmers) held by the Australian and New Zealand Banking Group Limited (hereinafter, the Australasia Bank).
By the end of June 2017, the Bank of Farmers in Shanghai had assets totalling $778.9 billion. According to the British Bankers magazine, out of 1,000 major banks around the world, the Bank of Farmers in Shanghai ranks from the top 1,000.
In 2008, 414 places rose to 187 in 2017, an increase of 227, ranking among domestic banks \triangleright, benefiting from supply-side reforms and the clean-up of steel, significant increases in company profits and cash, in addition to a substantial increase in the value of cash,
Compared to the trend of depth 300, the current point is a modest consideration of non-steel business, the acquisition of high-quality bank assets, and a moderate diversification that is more conducive to business.
The construction restrictions have had less effect on the demand for the plates: the construction restrictions on the Beijing and Tianjin sites have had less effect on the demand for the plates. The company has raised prices three times: the current price increases for hot rolls have accumulated at $650 per ton and the prices for the products are high.
In part, it has surpassed last year’s peak, and with the implementation of the “2+26” city’s production restrictions, the supply and demand of cars will become more tight, and the product is expected to continue to rise. The Tamjiang base is flexible: it has contributed 1.350 billion net profits for six months while it is not fully productive.
Based on an estimated annual production of 8 million tons of steel, a net profit of approximately $330 per ton is expected to increase rapidly in August, taking into account the cost of 300 to 400 dollars worth of steel, in view of the equipment configuration and location advantage of the Yangtze River, which will provide at least 100 to 200 yuan worth of post-partum net profit.
2. Industry event review: steel plates are expected to open a new cycle of upswings, with the second half of the year looking firmly at the Cricket Enterprises, 4. Treasure Steel (600019) Research Brief: Treasure Steel
Qinghua University Department of Chemical Engineering, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials Science and Engineering, Master of Materials Science and Engineering, General Engineer, Central University of Technology, Lear, France
For the chlor-alkali, pure-alkali, rubber, titanium powder, detergent polyester, new materials, composting fertilizer, populism, etc. sub-industry studies have been detailed and successful in recommending Qi Fengda, Jacques Science and Technology, Min Juju, Trilles, Twin Arrows, Norpshin, Singley Union, and Chinese authors with qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,