The steel industry continues with its high profile, maintaining the “buy-in” proposal.
Corporate performance is reported annually: the company achieved operating income of $169.99 billion, y0y+59.4 per cent, net profit of $6.17 billion, yoy+64.9 per cent, net profit of $0.28 per cent, and company performance of 0.28 per cent.The company achieved operating income of $850 billion, y0y+99 per cent on a quarterly basis.
23.8 (z, yoy+23%) Performance analysis: The significant increase in company h1 performance was mainly due to (1) the recovery of the steel industry, the increase in sales of steel products and steel sales in the first half of the year as the supply side of the steel industry moved forward
22.743 million tons, yoy+25 per cent, and an average sales price of $4189, yoy+21 per cent of tons of steel. (2) During the reporting period, the Division earned $1.4 billion in investment returns through fund operations and equity investments, an increase of $1 billion over the same period.
Higher prices for products led to varying degrees of decline in the Māori rate for major steel products (4, 1.1 and 3.8 percentage points, respectively), combined gross, higher prices in the steel industry and higher prices for corporate steel sales: fixed investments and housing in the first half of 2017
Real estate investment has been growing faster, demand has been better, and the iron and steel industry has accelerated the process of decapitation, cutting carbon rolls.
Hot-rolled carbon steel rolls 84 per cent of the target tons, while total shut-down steel production in the first half of the year was about 120 million tons, with a combined depressive capacity of more than 160 million tons (about 12.8 per cent of the national capacity at the end of 2016), and the steel industry.
According to the company’s main business, the company sells 22,74 million tons of steel, approximately $620 per ton, and 271 per ton of steel net profit. In the first half of the year, the Changjiang Iron and Steel showed good performance, selling more than 800,000 tons of steel for cars, contributing 1.35 billion yuan in net profit, which was completed early in the year.
A comprehensive profit-making goal, with multiple advantages such as geometry, financial costs, and technological preponderance, will guarantee the growth of company performance in the future. With 50%, the plant’s profitability has increased dramatically, and tons of steel profits have reached their highest levels in history, we judge.
In the short term, the price of the front steel is on the rise, maintaining a high shock, and the profits of the steel ton will also sustain the dragon head, which will benefit from the country's drive to power the steel industry, while the strategic restructuring of the two groups is in line with the country's central strategy, and the consolidation of the industry's leader is stronger and business is stronger.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not made by individual clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.