China
Shanghai Pharmaceuticals-A
Less attractive than its H shares; initiate with HOLD
HOLD (Initiation)
Overall, we are positive on Shanghai Pharma's (SPH) fundamentals.
However, the current AH spread of ~43% is at historical high, making SPH's A shares
less attractive than its H shares.
Our Target Price for SPH's A shares is Rmb20.0 (13x 2019F PER, 1sd below the
historical average, comparable to our H-share target multiple, which is also 1sd below
the average). We initiate SPH's A shares with a HOLD rating.
Manufacturing expected to continue its growth momentum
The manufacturing segment delivered 24% YoY revenue growth in 1H2019 to
RMB11.9bn. Strong revenue growth came from the fast ramp-up of 60 key products,
whose sales came in at RMB6.77bn, up 31.3% YoY. Despite price pressure, the gross
margin was 57.76%, up 0.1ppt from 1H2018, due to 1) fast growth of the 60 high-margin
products; and 2) more stringent cost management on raw material procurement and
manufacturing centralization. Going forward, we project revenue growth of 20%/17%/15%
in 2019/20/21F, respectively. We expect the segment margin to be largely stable, as
~40% of the manufacturing segment is Chinese Traditional Medicines, and most of
SPH's chemical generics are in the low-cost drug catalogue, which are largely immune
from Group Purchase Organization (GPO) pressure.
Distribution margin pressure can be relieved somewhat
The distribution segment delivered top-line growth of RMB80.19bn in 1H2019, up 21%
YoY, and the gross margin was 6.49%, down 0.19 ppt from 1H2018. The distribution
segment's robust revenue growth was due to the industry's organic growth (management
guided ~8% YoY for 1H2019) and SPH's M&A. The gross margin for the distribution
segment was down 0.19 ppt in 1H2019. We believe the margin pressure came from drug
price cuts. Going forward, we expect more margin pressure, considering 1) more
stringent medical reimbursement standards and more stringent prescription requirements
for physicians; 2) a gradual impact of the GPO on drugs, as the first round of the GPO
was implemented only in late March in a few cities, so it had nearly no impact on the
gross margin of 1H2019. However, we think 1) better-than-expected synergy with
Cardinal; 2) continuing industry consolidation under the two invoice system; and 3) a
higher percentage of direct sales and a product mix change will help mitigate gross
margin pressure.
Major shareholders
% held
Catalysts ahead
Shanghai Shangshi
We believe near-term catalysts include 1) a growing stake increase by Shanghai
Shangshi (SPH's largest shareholder, holding a 33.6% stake); 2) news flow on its R&D
pipeline; and 3) updates on collaboration with BIOCAD.
Large AH premium makes SPH's A shares less attractive than its H
shares
Currently, SPH's AH spread remains at 43%, which is a historical high (Figure 1),
making SPH's A shares less attractive than its H shares. We believe the current large
AH spread may indicate H-share investors are more conservative than A-share
investors about the pharmaceutical industry growth slowdown and potential distribution
segment gross margin pressure from the GPO. The Hang Seng AH Premium Index is
also near 3-year high, partly because of the social unrest in Hong Kong. A high AH
for SPH-A implies a 26.4% premium over our target price for SPH-H, not a big
difference compared with the average A-H spread of 31% in the past few years.
Analysts
Harry He
Wong Chi Man
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA, BLOOMBERG
SOURCE: Capital IQ, CGIS Research
Figure 3: SPH 1H2019 P&L
SOURCE: Company
Solid 1H2019 results highlights
1H2019 net profit was RMB2.286bn, up 12.4% YoY, accounting for 52.2% and 53.3%
respectively of our and the Street's 2019E full-year estimates (vs. 52.4% for 1H2018),
in line with our expectations and slightly beating market expectations.
The manufacturing segment delivered 24% YoY revenue growth to RMB11.9bn with a
57.76% gross margin, up 0.1ppt from 1H2018. The strong revenue growth came from
the fast ramp-up of the 60 key products, whose sales came in at RMB6.77bn, up 31.3%
YoY.
The distribution segment delivered top-line growth of RMB80.19bn, up 21% YoY, and
the gross margin was 6.49%, down 0.19 ppt from 1H2018. The distribution segment's
robust revenue growth was due to the industry's organic growth (management guided
~8% YoY for 1H2019) and SPH's M&A.
We note that SPH enhanced its cash collections in 1H2019. Operating cash inflow in
1H2019 was RMB2.02bn, up 87% YoY from RMB1.08bn in 1H2018. Its major balance
sheet items remained healthy.
SOURCE: Company, CGIS Research
BY THE NUMBERS
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA, BLOOMBERG
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA, BLOOMBERG
Health Care Providers & Svs | China
Disclaimer
This research report is not directed at, or intended for distribution to or used by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any jurisdiction
where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or which would subject China Galaxy International Securities
(Hong Kong) Co., Limited ("Galaxy International Securities") and/or its group companies to any registration or licensing requirement within such jurisdiction.
This report (including any information attached) is issued by Galaxy International Securities, one of the subsidiaries of the China Galaxy International Financial
Holdings Limited, to the institutional clients from the information sources believed to be reliable, but no representation or warranty (expressly or implied) is made as
to their accuracy, correctness and/or completeness.
This report shall not be construed as an offer, invitation or solicitation to buy or sell any securities of the company(ies) referred to herein. Past performance should
not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made regarding future performance. The
recipient of this report should understand and comprehend the investment objectives and its related risks, and where necessary consult their own independent
financial advisers prior to any investment decision.
Where any part of the information, opinions or estimates contained herein reflects the personal views and opinions of the analyst who prepared this report, such
views and opinions may not correspond to the published views or investment decisions of China Galaxy International Financial Holdings Limited, its subsidiaries and
associate companies ("China Galaxy International"), directors, officers, agents and employees ("the Relevant Parties").
All opinions and estimates reflect the judgment of the analyst on the date of this report and are subject to change without notice. China Galaxy International and/or
the Relevant Parties hereby disclaim any of their liabilities arising from the inaccuracy, incorrectness and incompleteness of this report and its attachment/s and/or
any action or omission made in reliance thereof. Accordingly, this report must be read in conjunction with this disclaimer.
Disclosure of Interests
China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd. (6881.HK; 601881.CH) is the direct and/or indirect holding company of the group of companies under China Galaxy International
Financial Holdings Limited. China Galaxy International may have financial interests in relation to the subjected company(ies)' securities in respect of which are
reviewed in this report, and such interests aggregate to an amount may equal to or less than 1% of the subjected company(ies)' market capitalization unless specified
otherwise.
One or more directors, officers and/or employees of China Galaxy International may be a director or officer of the securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this
report.
China Galaxy International and the Relevant Parties may, to the extent permitted by law, from time to time participate or invest in financing transactions with the
securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this report, perform services for or solicit business from such company(ies), and/or have a position or holding, or other
material interest, or effect transactions, in such securities or options thereon, or other investments related thereto.
Galaxy International Securities may have served as manager or co-manager of a public offering of securities for, or currently may make a primary market in issues of,
any or all of the entities mentioned in this report or may be providing, or have provided within the last 12 months, significant advice or investment services in relation
to the investment concerned or a related investment or investment banking services to the company(ies) mentioned in this report.
Furthermore, Galaxy International Securities may have received compensation for investment banking services from the company(ies) mentioned in this report within
the preceding 12 months and may currently seeking investment banking mandate from the subject company(ies).
China Galaxy International has procedures in place to eliminate, avoid and manage any potential conflicts of interests that may arise in connection with the
production of research reports. The research analyst(s) responsible for this report operates as part of a separate and independent team to the investment banking
function of Galaxy International Securities and procedures are in place to ensure that confidential information held by either the research or investment banking
function is handled appropriately.
Analyst Certification
The analyst who is primarily responsible for the content of this report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer covered in this report:
(1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject, securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or
will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by the analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the securities covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will deal in
or trade in the securities covered in this research report three business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong-listed
companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong-listed companies covered in this report.
We are transferring the rating mechanism from "BUY, SELL, HOLD" to "ADD, REDUCE, HOLD". Please refer to the definitions below.
Explanation on Equity Ratings (Existing mechanism (will be replaced by new mechanism by 01/09/19))
share price will increase by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
BUY
SELL
share price will decrease by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
HOLD
no clear catalyst, and downgraded from BUY pending clearer signal to reinstate BUY or further downgrade to outright SELL
Explanation on Equity Ratings (New mechanism)
ADD
The stock's total return is expected to exceed 10% over the next 12 months.
REDUCE
The stock's total return is expected to fall below 0% or more over the next 12 months.
HOLD
The stock's total return is expected to be between 0% and positive 10% over the next 12 months.
Copyright Reserved
No part of this material may be reproduced or redistributed without the prior written consent of China Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Co., Limited.
20/F, Wing On Centre, 111 Connaught Road Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong. General line: 3698-6888.