Cost control is excellent, overseas markets are expanding well - semi-annual performance rating in 2024
Events: The company published its semi-annual report in 2024, and in the first half of the year it achieved 77,292 million yuan in operating revenue, same gold, continued the trend of diversification of client structure, further reducing the share of revenue from upper-air sectors to 38 per cent, Māori
This trend continues to be an important contribution to the company's ability to maintain a steady level of revenue, including Tesla, Cyrus, Volkswagen, Biade, Gilly, Chirry, Hua morning BMW, Chang Anford, Chang-An, Guang-Rin as a company.
By the end of June, the amount of domestic ownership in the company’s new life-cycle purchase orders was higher than Qin JiQin’s share of total sales.
More than 50 per cent of new-energy automobile-related vehicle-related business packages amount to more than 70 per cent, laying a solid foundation for the company's future steady development. By branch of business, 55.494 billion yuan/37.36 dollars was collected in the first half of each of its five major operations, namely, interior and external accessories, metal formations and moldings, power, electrical and electronic appliances, and thermal processing.
In the first six months of Māori, the overall Māori rate was 12.12%, compared to excellent cost-control capabilities, with lower cost rates contributing to higher profitability: 2024 h1, public.
With excellent cost-rate control, the Division responded effectively to the decline in the Māori rate, helping companies to achieve a significant increase in net non-mortality profits with a stable harvest. Overseas expansion was well advanced, generating new dynamic performance growth: the company’s long-line car apparel system was limited.
In addition to maintaining a high rate of ownership of the global car interior market, companies are expanding their international markets, using their global customer relations and operating capabilities as a core business block, such as car seats and passive safety, to set up niches for key global customers, such as General, Audi, BMW, Mercedes, Tesla, etc.
Some of the company’s niche operations and products, such as alumina, oil tank systems, and car electronics, have also entered regional markets in Europe, the United States, Korea, Australia, and South-East Asia. The company is now in the United States, Germany, Thailand, Russia, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, India, Mexico, Canada, South Africa, Japan, Spain, Italy, Brazil, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, the Philippines, the Philippines, the United States, the United States and the United States.
The establishment of 100 manufacturing (including R & D) bases in countries such as Dúnesia, Serbia, Malaysia, and Uzbekistan provides a solid basis for localizing clients. The company generated $16,763 million in corporate business abroad in the first half of the year, compared to 6.52 per cent in the previous half of the year, which is a central contribution to maintaining stability in the company’s income during the first half of the year.
With localized capacity, R & D advantages and product power, the company is expected to continue to open up its overseas market and to produce this report independently and objectively for itself with a commitment to practice with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.