According to the company ' s 2021 Business Bulletin, the company, the public, and the company, the company, the public, has a lot of money, and it's got a lot of money.
The middle-middle-conductor design business achieved operating income of about $20.5 billion, an increase of about $4.868 billion over 2020, an increase of 65.13 to 79.91 per cent over the same period. The main reason for higher net profit growth than operating income was the company ' s higher Māori rate of vehicle and security cis revenue.
Compared to the increase, which led to an overall increase in the Māori rate, and the company’s excellent operational management capacity, the cost rate has gradually declined since the merger. From the past two years, pe, pb shows that the company pe score is 1.45%, pb, 1.45%, and the company pe and pb are historically low.
Carcar-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car customers include Mercedes, BM-Mart, Popular, Tesla, Wall, Biadi, Chang-An, Toyota, Honda, Gilly, etc.
The company, based on its original Euro-American mainstream car branding, imported a large amount into the country’s traditional car branding and new power-building programs. In the first quarter of 2021, the country’s in-house, loop, forward-vision, rear-vision cameras increased their output by 554.5%, and the same rate of increase in the number of vehicles in-house, in-sight, in-sight, in-sight, in-sight, in-sight, and in-post cameras, respectively.
120.8%, 103%, 102%, 60.6% have benefited from the active installation of cameras by domestic car companies, which are expected to generate approximately $2.3 billion in business income from car-borne ciss in 2021, up from 2020 when mobile phone cis moved to high-end brands.
And gradually penetrate high-end machines to watch the company expand the price zone of the cellular terminal upwards and upgrade the company’s use of high-end cell phones.
Failure to meet expected risks, risk of increased market competition, risk of impairment of goodwill.
In 2019, the company successfully acquired the world ' s top three coms graphic sensor design companies: Howie Beijing, cmos graphics products became a major component of the company ' s main business (71.4 per cent in 2020), resulting in a rapid increase in the overall technical level of the company ' s semi-conductor design and the introduction of high-quality customer resources to the company, resulting in a higher level of profitability for the company.
In 2021, there was a more marked increase in the company’s business breakdown. According to the company’s business profile for 2021, the company achieved operating income of about 24 billion yuan in 2021, an increase of about 21 per cent from 2020, with semiconductor accounts for operating income of about 20.5 billion yuan, an increase of about 18 per cent from 2020.
In 2021, the net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies ranged from $4.468 billion to $4.868 billion, and the company ' s overall operational control capacity improved and the cost rate gradually decreased in 2018 compared to the same period in the previous year when the company acquired Howie. The management cost of Will ' s shares slightly increased in 2018, after which the company ' s management cost decreased from 11.23 per cent.
3.14 per cent, while the overall cost for the promotion period decreased from 14.74 per cent to 6.51 per cent, while corporate R & D inputs grew. Since 2018, corporate R & D investment has increased from $127 million to a shift in structure. On the one hand, companies have started to increase stock stocks.
In this context, the company’s inventory turnover days have risen and its turnover efficiency has declined. On the other hand, the company’s ability to collect and the number of days of receivables has declined, to some extent, offset by the fact that the company’s capacity to collect has increased.
The negative impact of stock expansion. Since 2017, the cash flow of goods sold by companies as a percentage of operating income has remained at over 95 per cent, with high-quality revenues.
2.1 Camera core devices, watch the long-term development of the cos image sensor (cis) as an optical sensor, which is the core element of the camera module.
Information such as brightness and colour of the scene is converted from a light signal to a telecom; the telecoms are then read out in sequence and converted to a digital signal via the adc (analogdigitalvertor) module; the digital signals are eventually pre-processed and the image information is transmitted to the platform via the transmission interface. According to yole, the camera industry chain consists mainly of cis, module groups.
The highest value in the industrial chain was in loading, lensing and motors, at 46 per cent. According to icinsights, the global sales of photochips in 2021 were $47.9 billion, a 9 per cent increase over the same period, but the market size of the cos image sensor (cis) was $20.3 billion, a 6 per cent increase compared to the same period, owing to trade warfare, lack of core, etc.
The global market in cis, after a brief slowdown in 2021, is projected to grow at an average annual rate of 7.5 per cent, reaching $31.5 billion in 2026. According to Counterpoint, cell phones will account for 71.4 per cent of global cis market revenues, cars, and security in 2022.
According to the icinsights, the lawn market in car applications will be $3.2 billion in size between 2021 and 2025; mobile phones continued to be the largest in 2025, reaching $15.7 billion, but increasing at an average rate of 6.3 per cent, we believe: the number of cellular cameras and technological upgrades, the increase in the penetration of smart cabins in cars and the rapid pace of the security industry.
The company’s cis products are widely distributed, ranking third in the world at 12.9% of the city. The company’s cellular cis technology breakthroughs, the steady upswing in vehicle and secure cis operations, are expected to continue at a high rate in the global cis growth wave.
Figure 13: Howell's main technology business split by application (before acquisition, billions) Figure 14: Corporate cis revenue and Māori ratio (millions) 2.2 takes advantage of the opportunity to overtake mobile phones, which are one of the main applications of the cos image sensors, and the development of the mobile phone market directly determines the cos image.
Sensor space. The number of cameras on a single cell phone has been increasing since 2000, when it was launched in 2011, when it was launched twice, and since 2019, when the number of cameras on a single cell phone has increased. The number of cameras is proportional to the number of components in it, and this has directly contributed to the increase in the demand for cos image sensors.
According to frost&sullivan, the global penetration rate of after-supplier double and multiple (three and more) smartphones continues to rise. After-supplies of three and more are gradually becoming the market mainstream, with the combined penetration of after-suppliers and multiple smartphones expected to reach 98.0% by 2024. The average number of cameras on single smartphones is year by year.
From an increase of 2.0 in 2015 to 3.4 in 2019, with an average annual compound growth rate of 14.3 per cent, it is expected to rise from an average annual growth rate of 7.3 per cent to 4.9 in 2024. By 2024, the global output of mobile cellular cos image sensors will reach 6.78 billion and the market size $16.41 billion, with annual composite growth rates of 6.6 per cent and 6.3 per cent, respectively.
The increase in the number of cellular cameras installed directly contributed to the rise in the demand for the market for the cos image sensor, which injected powerful developmental energy into the coms image sensor market. According to the counterpoint, high-pixel cameras have been widely applied to medium- and high-end smartphones as the resolution rises.
The combined market share of 10,000 and 64 million pixels reached 46 per cent in the first quarter of 2021 and is expected to become the mainstream of future markets and have a long-term impact on the design of subsequent cameras. According to strategyanalytics, the company has 10 per cent of the global market in cell phones, rising to 13 per cent in the first half of 2021.
With the increase in the city’s share, the company’s share of image sensors in high-level pixels in the area of smartphones has steadily increased, in line with the market’s introduction of 48 million and 64 million pixels cis. In 2019, after the company’s introduction of the products of 0.8um 32 million pixels, 48 million pixels and 64 million pixels in the mobile phone market; in 2020, the company took the lead in producing 0.7um 64 million pixel image sensors.
For the first time, 64 million pixels were achieved in an optical dimension of 1/2, further meeting the market demand of high-end mainstream smartphone designers for mass resolution of super-small cameras; in 2021, the company successfully launched 200 million pixels for smartphones, the world's smallest 0.61 micro-pixel-sized product.
Figure 20: Global market share of cellular phones in 2020, Sony 3x3 Weir
At the time of the year, Glorified mobile phones had a higher number of company cameras on high-end aircraft. According to Counterpoint, Glorified mobile phones showed a 100% increase in the same volume as in the last quarter of 2021, with 16.7% in the first quarter, ranking second. In January 2022, Glorification was ranked after January.
Two weeks of sales of new horor60 and folder Magicv, representing an increase of 32% in sales over the previous two weeks. According to my horor60se below the dollar, and the Magic4pro, scheduled to be sold on March 17, 2022, we also carry the cis of Weir’s shares.
In the middle, upgrade the company's use of high-end cell phone cis. 2.3 car cams speed up penetration, company car cass city rises, car cams are the core of the vehicle sensor layer, turning into numbers the visual, physical, event and other information of the real world.
, which provides basic security for vehicles to understand their surroundings, develop driving operations, and provide an accurate, timely and adequate basis for decision-making on the advanced auxiliary driving system, leading to an accurate determination of vehicle safety at the executive level. Car-mounted cameras include, inter alia, internal video cameras, rear-vision cameras, front-vision cameras, side-vision cameras, round-view cameras.
A complete adas system would need to include six cameras (1 front, 1 back, 4 back) and up to eight cameras of all types of auxiliary equipment for high-end vehicles to assist drivers in parking or trigger emergency brakes.
In 2020, the domestic car-car-cam market required 42.63 million new units, calculated at $150 per unit, in 2020, Chinese car-cams at $6.6 billion, with an expected breakthrough of $23 billion in 2025, with a significant increase in traffic penetration of all types of car-cams. According to Joss, in the first quarter of 2021, the domestic passenger-car-in-house, ring-eye, front-view, rear-vision cameras showed an equal increase in the volume of cargo.
Not 554.5%, 120.8%, 103%, 102%, 60.6%, which is clearly faster due to the low base of built-in cameras. Focus on the low penetration rate, the relatively high growth power of forward vision, look around, side vision, and built-in cameras.
All cars are equipped with 360-degree panoramic cameras on the head and tail of the vehicle. In June 2021, the Ministry of Land and Transportation of Japan announced its obligation to install revised standards such as reverse cameras to confirm the circumstances of the rear, which will be applied to the new model that will be marketed in Japan after May 2021. According to Counterpoint, in 2018, about two-thirds of the global car law market was in Europe and America.
We have not yet put in place a stronger vehicle-borne camera installation policy, but our government attaches great importance to the safety of people, traffic safety, and the catalytic effects of the introduction of the relevant car security policy.
The company has spent more than 16 years research and development in the vehicle-borne area, with product coverage ranging from vga to 8 million pixels, meeting product requirements, application areas ranging from traditional reverse radar imagery, CarLog to electronic rearview mirrors, 360-degree panorama imaging, advanced driving support systems (adas), and driver control (dms).
The company’s car-car-car customers include Mercedes, BMW, Volkswagen, Tesla, Wall, Biade, Changan, Toyota, Honda, Jili, etc. Over the last two years, the company has been able to import a large amount of traditional car brands and new power in the country, based on the original Euro-American mainstream car brands.
In this case, it will also bring new revenue and profit growth points to the company. Chart 28: Corporate car-car-car-car-cis clients are moving from the traditional 1.2 million pixels with the key cycle of assisted driving-in performance and functional upgrading.
Two million pixels, upgraded to 5 million to 8 million pixels. Traditional one million pixel resolution cameras can detect pedestrians about 30 meters, while 8 million pixel cameras can increase pedestrian detection to about 100 to 150 meters. In 2021, new energy vehicle providers like Ping and Ui used 8 million pixel cameras as a pre-screen for their autopilot perception solutions.
Using the main sensors in the scene. High-tech smart cars predict that by 2025, the front load to 8 million pixel cameras could have passed 12 million and become the standard for high-level autopilots. We believe that high-pixel processing is more demanding for chip control, and algorithms and test capabilities may have to catch up with 8 million pixels. But high-pixel cameras are here.
Future application trends are more certain, and the opportunity to upgrade high pixels in vehicle-borne cis remains high. In 2019, the company launched the latest two 8 million pixel-standard image sensors – 0x08a and 0x08b – to optimize the performance of hdr+lfm and the combination algorithms to achieve accurate detection of distant people and objects under most light conditions.
For the first time, the 8 million pixel pre-video camera system was demonstrated at the 2022 International Consumers Electronic Exhibition. The system used a new generation of ox08b40cmos image sensors, built with the help of Selingsmpsoc and motovisip. The field concept validation demonstration highlighted the 8 million pixel systems that could achieve greater detection coverage and wider perspectives.
The global car-car-car-cis market has an oligopolistic pattern, with Ansomé accounting for about 61 per cent, Weir accounting for about 22.8 per cent, Sony accounting for about 10.7 per cent, and company-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-revening, according to the company ' s 2021 business brief, amounting to about $2.3 billion, an increase of about 85 per cent over 2020. According to the size of the global car-i-market in 2021, car-car-car-car-icis was about $20.3 billion.
At 8%, the company’s share in the global car-car-car-car-car market (10.5 billion yuan) was about 23/105 = 21.9%, assuming that the company-to-market ratio remained constant, the global car-to-car market grew by 33% in 2022 and 2023, with companies earning $3.06 billion and $4.07 billion in 2022 and 2023, respectively.
The annual car-car-car-car-cis revenue is $4.4 billion and $6.95 billion, respectively. The company-car-car-car-cis ratio is, overall, higher than that of mobile phones.
According to idc, the global security camera market will grow at an average annual rate of US$ 30.5 billion in 2021, at an average annual rate of 12%, reaching US$ 48 billion in 2025, of which the consumer, military, and transport areas account for a larger and faster share. The rapid growth of the security sector in our country stems from the “Project 3111” led by the Government and the Ministry of Public Security, “Safe Cities.”
According to Omdia, the market for specialized security equipment in China will reach $16.7 billion in 2024, and between 2019 and 2024, according to Yole, the global security camera market is ranked the second highest for domestic suppliers, Heiconway, and the stock market in Dahua.
According to Omdia, the top three suppliers in the domestic video-monitoring market are Heiconway, Da-hwa shares, and Yu-Wan shares, which account for 59% of the Chinese market. The company’s security-cisis clients, including Hei Con-Ve and Da-Chu shares, are downstream. Howe’s security-cisis became more competitive in the domestic market after he was acquired by the company, and the company’s public safety cameras were made more competitive.
Sony, Weir, and Stewy are the suppliers of the security sciences. According to Stewy's offer, Sony is ahead of sales because of the higher unit price of the cos image sensor that should be used in the high-end security market.
Well shares continue to work on medium- and high-end security products, replacing national production, and in 2021, generating about 70% of the revenue from the business of security-related products. With the company’s years of technological accumulation and national product plates, companies are expected to achieve further high-end production substitution in the security market.
iii. Extension display drive ic, starting new profit growth point 3.1 tddi domestic lead sheep displaying drive chip (ddic) is the main component of the control display panel switch and display mode, in the form of a telecom
The panel sends drivers of signals and data, displays image information on the screen by controlling the brightness and colour of the screen. As the panel displays a higher resolution and the speed of data transmission, ddic also continues to grow. In 2020, the outbreak of demand for terminal equipment led to a significant increase in demand for ddic, which fell back in 2021. According to Omdia data, the 2020 ddic
Total demand amounted to 8.07 billion, and is projected to grow to 8.4 billion in 2021, an increase of 4.09 per cent over the same period. Large-scale, mainly television applications, displays about 70 per cent of total demand for driver chips; and small- and medium-scale display drives have the largest number of smartphone applications, about 20 per cent of total ddic applications.
Function integration is to show a large technological development of the drive chip, to touch and display the drive integrated chip (tddi) that was created, mainly in the area of smartphones and tablet computers. tddi combines the lcddddic and touch drive chip into one, reduces the thickness of the display module and saves the systemware area.
In April 2020, the company announced the acquisition of tddi operations in synaptics Asia, significantly upgrading the company in the field of tddi.
Competing. The tddi chip of synaptics is primarily a well-known mobile phone manufacturer, such as Hua, Oppo, Samsung, and Mi. Based on the support of the synaptics’ research and development team, the company quickly achieved full coverage of tddi products in conjunction with the firm’s deep technological accumulation in the field of cis, with the company delivering 5.88 million tddis in 2020. The company’s main competitor in tddi’s business is Novatek.
Head suppliers to lcd mobile phone ddic, e.g. (United Technologies), himax (Ghosts), focaltech (Tuntets), etc. The company ' s share in the icd smartphone dddic market in 2020 was about 5%, and the market was the larger domestic enterprise. 3.2 Launched the oleddddic and refined the product matrix.
In 2020, according to omdia, old showed that it accounted for 29.4% of smartphone screens, which are expected to exceed 40% in 2021, and gradually erode the size of traditional LCDs. omdia expects that by 2026, the share of oled will reach 45%.
In the area of smartphone amoledddic, the Korea Design Corporation has a pre-eminent market share of 52% and 24% of the top two companies in Korea, samsunglsi and magnachip, respectively, in 2020, and Chinese supplier markets generally have a lower share. As China’s continental panel production is increasing, continental panels play an increasingly important role in the global market, the unledddic’s
The company's products have been validated at the domestic head screen factory and will be applied to the smartphone client product program in 2022. The company will also continue to increase its research and development investment in small and medium screens, covering the markets of cars, pens, laptops, tablets, etc.
The demand for lcdddic grew slightly in the year, and production capacity problems were mitigated and demand and demand was balanced. But the demand for amoleddddic grew faster, while the release of new capacity is expected to take place in the second half of 2023. The balance was maintained in the first half of 2022, and the demand for amoleddddic will remain low in the third and fourth quarters of the season.
The current revenue will exceed $1.8 billion, an increase of about 160 per cent over the same period. Profit forecasts are based on the following main assumptions: 1) The vehicle and security cis markets are growing faster at an average annual rate of 33 per cent and 23 per cent, respectively.
2) The company’s market pattern is relatively stable in terms of the increase in vehicle-borne and security-protected cities. 3) The company’s screen shows a smooth and high rate of growth in driving business. In terms of relative valuation, the country’s leading chip-design companies are selected, the country’s purple-lighted, moist innovation, São Bong shares, Beijing.
The market rate is 24.98, and the company is currently below the industry average and median. Given the company’s third-largest global market position, high-profit cars and security ciss will be the main driving force in performance, and the current valuation level is somewhat underestimated.
The company is the world’s top three cis suppliers, with increased capacity on mobile camera singles, autopilots and in-house surveillance of rapid penetration currents, and is expected to increase market share on a continuous basis with a comprehensive product layout. We look forward to the company’s opening of car-borne cis growth space for high-speed, high-quality development. The company is expected to achieve business income by 2021-2023.
The new crown epidemic has created long-term barriers to global mobility, hampering many technological and business exchanges, and the risk that new markets, and the import of manufactured products, will be subject to some degree of uncertainty. The risk of a lack of core, geopolitics, and downstream demand will fall short of expectations.
The strong financial and R & D capabilities of leading suppliers such as Xioni and Samsung present the risk of increased competition in the market.