The annual report predicts that the expected cis main camp will remain high — Weir shares (603501) The semiconductor product design operations of Weir share companies will be dominated by image sensor solutions (the most important product).
28st of 2022 is made up of three operational systems: cmos image sensor chip, contact and display solutions, and simulation solutions.
Net profits ranged from $4.46 billion to $4.86 billion, an increase of $1.76 billion to $2.16 billion compared with the same period the previous year.
Image sensors. The global market for cell phones grew by about 15% and 10% in 2021 and 2022. Correspondingly, the global market revenue for cell phones in 2021 and 2022 was about $10.51 billion, $115.6 billion, and the share of Howells and Technology in the global cellular industry in 2021 was 12% (2% more city by ring).
The market share of Howell Technologies in the global cellular industry is expected to be 13% in 2021 (a 1% increase in the ring ratio).2 In 2020, the global demand for automobile cameras increased by 28% by the same time.
6 million (potentially 60 million cameras) for new energy vehicles, 79.7 million (with 320 million) for conventional vehicles (with a car plus a commercial vehicle), with a total requirement of 380 million; 11.5 million (potentially 115 million) for global new energy vehicles in 2022, with a traditional vehicle (with a potential demand of 115 million cameras)
The global market for car cameras reached 13 billion a year. According to a 20% projection for 2020, it is expected that with China’s new technology, the global market for car cameras will continue to grow.
The global market is expected to account for 230 million global security cos image sensors in the next three years. According to the icinsights, for the first time, the narrow path is covered to achieve the cis country.
1. Core elements of the 2021 annual report performance forecast of Weir shares
After deducting non-recurring gains and losses, Weir shares are expected to realize a net gain of between $3.91 billion and $4.26 billion in 2021 attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase of $1.67 billion to $2.02 billion compared to the same period in the previous year.
Business continues to grow steadily. With the growing demand for image sensors in the market for automobiles, security, etc., and the rising market share of companies in related areas, the Weir share image sensor solution has continued to grow.
A step-by-step expansion, touch-and-show solution operations have also created new profit growth points for companies. Well shares have become increasingly integrated into business systems and product lines, taking full advantage of the synergies of business systems, which have led to a steady increase in companies’ ability to sustain profits.
2. Retrospective business of the Weir Shareholdings Foundation 2.1 Semiconductor Design Company has been engaged in semiconductor product design and semiconductor product distribution since its establishment in 2007.
In the first half of 2021, the corporate semiconductor design business generated $10,549 million, accounting for 85.07 per cent of the main business income, an increase of 53.07 per cent over the previous year's semiconductor design business income.
2.1.1 Imaging Sensor Solution Service: cmos image sensor chip is the core product of the image sensor solution: cmos image sensor chip in the first half of 2021.
The coms image sensor chip generated operating revenues of $9.082 billion, representing 86.10 per cent of the company's semiconductor R & D business revenue in the first half of 2021.The company, as a globally known chip designer that provides advanced digital imaging solutions, has a wide range of products.
Applications in consumer electronics, security, automobiles, medical, ar/vr, including smartphones, tablet computers, laptops, web cameras, security devices, automobiles and medical imaging, etc.
Combine captions (cameracubechip), specific-use integrated circuit products (asic), in which the cmos image transfer sensor chip product type covers specifications ranging from 80,000 pixels to 64 million pixels. 2.1.2 Tactile and display solutions
Corporate contact and display solutions are mainly applied to smartphones. The tddi core team inherited the original tddi product development and support team in Asia, based on deep research and development inputs in the field of touch and display technology, extensive intellectual property accumulation, and the wealth of global leading mobile phone clients.
In the first half of 2021, the company managed and demonstrated the business income of the solution business at $613 million, representing 5.81 per cent of the business income of the company ' s semiconductor design and development operations in the first half of 2021.
The company acquired Shenzhen Gildis Electronics Ltd. (formerly known as Howe Touch Control and Display Technology (HUN) Ltd.), which specializes in the research and development of tddi and dddic products in the back-loading market, and helps the company to move to a more sophisticated position to touch and display new chips. The company uses forward-looking technological R&D capabilities and sustainability.
2.1.3 Simulation solutions. Simulation solutions products consist mainly of separation devices (including tvs, mosfet, Shortki diodes, etc.),
The company’s tvs products are at the forefront of the domestic consumer market, and the process of developing high-efficiency electrical protection devices developed by the company is designed to protect itself from the new scr process characteristics of the trigger tubes in conjunction with the normal diode process.
A protective device, a new process tvs device, with ultra-low plier voltage, which is better protected than a conventional process tvs, with very low condensation, which is applied to protect high-speed signal portal chips from esd/surge interference and provides reliable protection for high-speed data lines. In the field of power management, it is achieved through a different product mix.
In the field of radio-frequency chips, the company is working on the development of high-performance radio frequency (HF) devices and is continuously leading new RIF technology, especially in the areas of low noise (lna), radio frequency switches (rfswitch), antenna adjusters (tunner)
A mature product layout. Radio frequency products, relying on a combination of new designs, new processes and new materials, break through traditional design thinking and provide an innovative impetus for a diversified product in the field of wireless communication.
The company semiconductor design business is typical of the Fables model, where the company is only engaged in the design and sale of integrated circuits and outsources the crystal circle manufacturing, encapsulation and testing operations to specialized crystal circle manufacturers, encapsulation test manufacturers, where the company procures the crystal circle and commissions the integrated circuit encapsulation test enterprises to perform the encapsulation test.
The raw material for the company to produce chips is mainly crystal circle. The company sends the blueprints to the crystal circle plant for the masking. The crystal circle nudity is purchased by the crystal circle plant, which is purchased by the company, which is processed by the crystal circle factory and tested, and then has a multilayered circuit structure.
Municipal companies, high market visibility, long-term stable partnerships with companies, and stable product supply. The sealing test chain of the company’s products has been commissioned by the seal tester.
The company’s sales model is dominated by direct sales, backed by substitute sales. The company’s direct sales customers are predominantly modular, odm, oem and end-users, and the direct sales model guarantees the efficiency of the company’s services, depending on the end-user.
In addition to direct sales, the company sells through well-known multinational large distributors. Using the marketing model, the company can effectively reduce the cost of new customer development and also reduce the company’s management of small and medium-sized customer sales while controlling the return risk of small and medium-sized customers’ receivables.
2.1.5 A comparison of the business model of the semiconductor and integrated circuit industry with the business model of the semiconductor and integrated circuit industry is divided into idm (integrateddevice).
A vertical division of labour model. In the Idm model, the enterprise alone completes all the stages of the R & D design, crystal round manufacturing, sealing tests, with higher requirements for the enterprise's technological reserves and financial strength; in the vertical division of labour, the links in the chain are divided by specialization among the different enterprises.
Fabless (chips design) specializes in product R & D design, and outsources the crystal round manufacturing, sealing and testing of the test to the Foundry (Crystal Circle Plant) and the sealing plant to achieve technology and finance.
In the late 1980’s, with the birth of Taiwan’s foundry firms, the semiconductor chains became fragmented, the fables model and the foundry model were gradually recognized by the industry, and the market share increased over the years.
Since the twenty-first century, with the increased customization of processes in semiconductor and integrated circuit production processes, the Fab-lite (light crystallized round mill) model between the Fables and idm models has evolved, with some design firms moving through the more standardized production chain, while special processes that are unique to some products
In the area of cmos image sensors, high-pixel products are more demanding for process development, and Idm companies can benefit from more efficient in-house R & D synergies with own-source production lines, but are faced with downstream needs due to the scale of the asset input.
Flexible flexibility for volatility and risk of production-line emptying when demand in downstream markets declines; Fables enterprises are able to adjust the size of procurement flexibly to their own planning and market demand, and are therefore more resilient to the risk of demand fluctuations, but are unable to effectively secure the supply chain when upstream capacity is not available, and the Fables companies are unable to provide effective supply chain security
The process design component of the industry needs to be carried out in the form of joint R & D with the Foundry Enterprise, where R & D is less efficient and costly, so the Fables model is usually applied to products that follow the more mature market and cannot promote technological innovation; the Fab-lite enterprise can significantly improve R & D efficiency by introducing a partial self-generated line.
It is also able to respond quickly to market demand and lead the technological frontier of the industry, but at the same time it is somewhat less resilient to risk due to larger asset inputs.
The current company semiconductor product design operations consist mainly of three operational systems: image sensor solutions, contact and display solutions, and simulation solutions. Specific products include the following: 2.2 semiconductor product distribution operations
2.2.1 Models of semiconductor product distribution Companies as typical technology semiconductor authorized distributors have strong links to the original plant. Companies have experienced fae teams, adapted to the industrial geography of the domestic semiconductor industry, and have a large number of internal and external distribution systems.
A subsidiary has been set up to build complete business modules such as procurement, distribution networks, technical support, after-sales and logistics services.
Overseas purchases are mainly conducted by Hong Kong Hwa Qing and other subsidiaries, and based on an understanding and analysis of semiconductor components performance and downstream electronic products, the company has offered to provide a variety of product application advice, programme design support, and assistance to clients in reducing R & D costs to enable them to pool their own resources.
The production and marketing of e-products also improves the understanding of customers’ needs, thus enabling firms to respond quickly to market demands for products developed under their R & D design operations. Technology-based distribution is better able to meet customers’ understanding of and demand for e-products and represents a dominant trend in semiconductor components distribution.
The products distributed by companies can be divided into electronic components, structural devices, separation devices, integrated circuits, display panels, etc. 3.
Image sensors (imagesensor) are devices that convert light signals to telecoms and have a wide range of applications in digital television, visual communications markets.
The coms image sensor chip (cis, cmosesensor) can integrate the image collection unit and the signal processing unit into the same chip. The cis is small, low-capacity, low-priced and large-scale batches.
The advantages of production, for example, are 90% in the area of image sensors. A wide range of applications are applied to smartphones, digital cameras, autopilots, security, iot, etc., and the potential for future markets are enormous.
Figure 2: A key aspect of the cis competition in the semiconductor supply chain is technology competition, which drives the development of smaller pixels, 3d integration technologies, and innovative pixel design. Over the years, the cis manufacturing process has improved significantly. The industry has moved from fsi to fsi.
Transitions to bsi, now turns to a stacked bsi, tsv to connect the network sensor arrays to the logical chip. Pure technology has now become a mixed stack using the c-cu connection. The latest cis product narrows the mix between pixels, which opens the way for intra-pixel connections.
In 2020, these products and apple “laser radars” were produced for the first time on a large scale. The cis technology nodes are moving from 90nm to 65nm, the logical crystalline technology nodes are moving to 28nm, and the next step is going to move to 22nm. The new designs, such as gs, tof and dtof, have already begun to penetrate the market.
The latest technological challenge is to integrate artificial intelligence (ai) into the cis sensor. Figure 3: The path to integration of the cis leading semiconductor 3d. The three main directions of the current cis upgrade are: high pixels, high frame rates and high imaging effects.
The following core technical indicators are generally considered for quality: optical dimensions, pixel size, pixel numbers, frame rate, sensor structure, letter noise, dynamic range, sensitivity, quantum efficiency, etc. In order to achieve better technical indicators, the design, manufacture and sealing of industrial chains need to be at a higher level.
The trends in pixels are small pixel sizes, large optical sizes, and large numbers of total pixels. The number of mainstream smartphones in the current market is about 200-64 million pixels, and the number of auto electronic cmos images is about 2 million pixels.
3.1 Cis applications and market size were initially used in consumer photography, driven by high value added downstream markets in recent years, and flourished in mobile markets. With advances in new cis technologies, such as backshowing and stacking technologies, and double cameras, 3d cameras
Added to the new markets for cars, drones, vr, and ar technologies, Cis is on the verge of a new round of industrial growth. The cis industry generated about $20.7 billion in business revenue throughout 2020.
By contrast, smartphones accounted for the highest share of smartphones in the cis sector, accounting for about 68% of total revenue in 2020, contributing $14 billion. Second, computers, security, cars, etc.
In terms of growth rates, except for the consumer photography industry, there has been an increase in earnings in other sectors. In 2020, the income growth in the security sector was 36.22%, and in the defence and aerospace and medical sectors, the cos industry was barely affected by the new crown epidemic. In the context of the China-United States trade war, the United States imposed sanctions on China.
The demand for cis, which is purchased by China, is equivalent to four quarters of the additional stock. As the mobile segment of the market continues to grow, it is expected that high-end industries, safety and car markets, as well as consumer, household and personal networking products, will usher in a new growth cycle. The cis industry has become a major subsector in the semiconductor industry.
In addition to the geopolitical issues, carbon neutrality and carbon peaks will also be an important enabler for the development of the cis industry. 3.2 Global market competition patterns in the cis sector doubled the revenue generated by the cmos image sensor (cis) industry from 2015 to 2020.
The $10.2 billion went up to $20.7 billion, with a compound annual growth rate of 15.1 per cent. As of 2020, Sony was still the largest cis manufacturer, with a market share of 40 per cent, compared with three stars, 22 per cent, Howe Technologies, 12 per cent, and the Import Semiconductor, 6 per cent.
Mobile devices continue to be the most important applications for cis, accounting for 68 per cent of market revenue. Safety applications have increased explosively, by 30 per cent over the same period. In consumer products, new applications have provided new impetus, including household and object networking products, which often include more cameras for imaging or sensing.
3.3 Mobile Phones: The need for continuous camera upgrades and global cellular consumers rely on smartphone cameras to capture and share the moments of their lives: selfie with friends, birthday parties for children, sports events, travel experiences, making smartphones their first choice for stand-alone cameras.
In 2017, Appleiphonex launched a 3d structure light camera, marking a new 3d camera.
In addition to trends such as high pixels, multiple cameras, 3d cameras, smartphone cameras have experienced large optical circles, faster automatic heat, optical tremors, etc.
On the whole, users’ demand for quality, diversity, and the performance of various aspects of the cos image and sensors has also contributed to the growing demand in the market. The trend has been towards greater penetration. From the advent of single camera phones in 2000 to the introduction of double camera phones in 2011 and more.
After 2019, four cell phones were released, and the number of cameras on single phones has been increasing, and the current number of single cellular cameras is six or more. And the number of cameras is proportional to the number of components, thus directly driving the increase in the demand for cmos image sensors.
The number of cameras to be used in the future will be expected to increase further with a back-up camera. Figure 10: The time frame for cellular camera development is a key factor in determining the quality of imaging, and high-pixel cameras usually assume ownership of smartphones.
Like head functions, it determines the clarity and authenticity of cell phone photo imaging. Now, mainstream smartphone branding, billion pixel cameras, end-users' quest for greater photo performance, drives the cos image sensors to move in the direction of higher pixels.
It is expected that by 2024 there will be a further increase in the occupancy of the high pixel camera market (over 13 million), which will have a share of 26.0 per cent, 41.7 per cent and 32.3 per cent, respectively, and that mobile camera pixels will be expected to increase continuously in the future, as well as the technological and performance upgrading of the cos image sensors, posing new challenges for designers.
3.3.2 Users continue to upgrade their mobile phone cameras for images, scenes, low light, zooms and high video requirements. Most mobile phones now have less sensors than digital single-reflection cameras or cameras with no mirrors, and have a radius between f/1.6 and f/1.9.
Most viewings and natural photos are taken in daylight. In this case, cameras need to be able to take good textures, broad dynamic ranges, and beautiful colors.
The size and resolution of the image sensor is helping to get good details and textures, as well as a wide range of dynamics, in view of the landscape. Cell phones are now equipped with special hyper-angled and remote lenses and/or provide complex ultra-resolution algorithms for digital contrasting. Users can take more scenes into the picture, or in situations where there is no change in location.
To produce high-quality images at night, cameras must be able to generate good exposure at very low light levels. Image signal processors (isp) and image processing often have a significant impact on the quality of low-light images.
Low-light photography usually takes a longer speed of speed to get good exposure, so the optical shaker system (ois) is very useful to avoid the ambiguity created by camera shaking.
HowellTech can provide advanced image system solutions, including, inter alia, two-photosens solutions, super self-recording cameras, biometric sensors, high-resolution image lenses.
In 2020, Chis earned $14.68 billion in operating income in the global cellular industry. According to the dollar, the equivalent is about $9.1 billion.
Tracker found that the average number of image sensors per smart phone delivered in the first quarter of 2020 was more than 3.5. This increase was due mainly to the increasing penetration of four cameras in medium- and high-end smartphones, which jumped to nearly 20 per cent in the first quarter of 2020.
Global smartphone sales, which reached a high of 1.47 billion in 2016, have fallen slightly since then, and reached about 1.29 billion in 2020, affected by the epidemic. The need for economic recovery rebounded in 2021, with the build-up of the 5g mobile market expanding, with the expected increase in smartphone sales by 15 per cent.
Worldwide smartphones are projected to reach 1.41 billion in 2021, with an average of 4.2 video sensors per cell phone. Global cis earns about $10.51 billion and $116.5 billion in mobiles, and HoweTech's market share in global cellular ciss is expected to be 12 per cent in 2021 (a 2 per cent increase in the ring) and about 12.6 billion in 2021.
In 2022, Howe-Tech's market share in the global cellular industry was 13 per cent (a 1 per cent increase in the ring), and generated about $15 billion.
3.4.1 The main categories of car ciss are rapidly developing, except for smartphones. In recent years, the number of cameras on cars has increased rapidly as applications such as car networking, smart motors, autopilots, etc., have become more widely available.
The vehicle area is expected to be one of the fastest growing market for cos image sensors.
Figure 17: Main categories of vehicle sensors Car-borne cameras, consisting mainly of internal visual cameras, rear-vision cameras, front-vision cameras, side-vision cameras, round-view cameras, etc., applied mainly to 360 panorama images, forward-to-back collision alerts, traffic diversion alarms and pedestrian testing.
For mobile cameras, the main purpose is high imaging quality, but the requirements for stability, frame-rate, reliability are even more important. Car-mounted cameras need to be in a state of work in high-temperature, very light, humid, extreme weather, etc.
Magnetic anti-earthquake features. Car-borne cameras last longer, usually 8-10 years. The angle of detection is larger than the handheld cameras. In addition, pixel upgrades, high dynamic requirements, are also focused on the direction. Figure 19: Example of a vehicle sensor supply chain (for example, Audia 8)
3.4.2 Increased demand for car cameras for new energy vehicles
Currently, vehicle-mounted cameras are used mainly for reverse image (backview) and 360° panorama (backview), with a complete adas system consisting of six cameras (1 front, 1 backview, 4 backviews) and up to eight cameras of all types of assistive equipment for high-end vehicles to support drivers in parking or trigger emergency brakes.
For more than 15 years, the Cars industry in Howeble has accumulated more than 800 million shipments in the area of automobiles. Currently, Howe provides car manufacturers and first-tier suppliers with the ability to match them with multi-category, multi-layered digital imaging solutions that apply to autopilots, visual imaging and tired driver monitoring.
3.4.3 Global motor vehicle growth forecasts: the share of new energy vehicles is increasing: global vehicle sales will fall back significantly from the epidemic in 2020, but will improve considerably in 2021. Based on the low 2020 base, total global vehicle and commercial sales are projected to increase by 10 per cent on a par in 2021.
Total sales are estimated at approximately 85.7 million vehicles. Overall global growth is projected at 4.1 per cent for passenger and commercial vehicles in 2022, with a total sales of 8925 and the Federation released data on new energy usage and vehicle sales for the entire year of 2021. According to statistics, the total volume of domestic new energy vehicles was 3,312,000 in January-December, an increase of 181.0 per cent over the same period; the total number of retail sales was 2,989,000, an increase of the same year.
In contrast to the “two hundred” growth in the new energy car market, the total volume of fuel trucks in 2021 was 17.7 million, a 4 per cent decline in the same year; the total retail volume was 17.16 million, a 6 per cent decline in the same year.
At present, after-view cameras are the main applications in the car field, and there is an overall steady growth trend, with higher requirements for the visualization of motor vehicles as auto-drive technology matures. There are less than four mobile cameras for conventional gasoline vehicles and 8-10 for new-energy vehicles.
The global demand for car cameras increased by 28 per cent by about 320 million in 2020. It is expected that in 2021 there will be 6 million new sources of energy worldwide (potentially 60 million cameras) and 79.7 million conventional vehicles (by car plus commercial) with a total demand of 380 million; and that in 2022 there will be a global demand for new global energy vehicles worldwide.
The volume of goods was 11.5 million (potentially 115 million cameras), while the volume of traditional cars (by car plus commercial) was 777.5 million (330 million), with a total demand of 445 million at a rate of 17%. Based on a single price of $30. The global car camera market was 11.1 billion yuan in 2021.
The global market for car cameras has reached 13 billion. According to a 20% projection for 2020 for Howie’s global market for car cameras, global market access is expected to outpace 30% in the next three years, as China’s new energy car chip nationalization is accelerated and its own production accelerated.
In 2021, Howell was expected to earn $2.78 billion in car cameras and $3.9 billion in 2022. 3.5 Affordability: the fast-growing cis blue sea area is the “Blue Sea Market” in cis. At the same time, the industry has entered the application of the ai technology.
In order to enable the machine to identify images more accurately and quickly, all the details of the images taken need to be restored as accurately as possible. This also allows machine vision and ai-cis performance requirements to increase, step by step, the rapid growth of the cis industry. As technology advances and social demand rises, the security industry enters.
The new phase of development has become one of the areas where technology and social life are deeply integrated, and where video surveillance is a key area, and where the security applications of the cis are being used because of the network, the security surveillance cameras are not only limited.
Government- and enterprise-level applications such as airports, railway stations, banks, malls, roads and office buildings have become important components of retail businesses, smart cities, smart homes and smart factories, and they are very useful in collecting and analysing big data.
Figure 29: Security camera application scenes and global downstream market demand for cos image sensors (cis) has continued to grow, with the security direction rising from 12.01 per cent in 2019 to 16.36 per cent in 2020 and 36.22 per cent in the same year.
According to icinsights, 270 million and 310 million in 2021 and 2022, respectively. The size of the global security cos image sensor market was 13.8 billion in 2021 and 17.9 billion in 2022, based on a single $50.
In 2020, the Howie market was 29%. Market share is expected to be 32% in 2021, and market share is expected to be 100 million in 2022. Benefiting from the continued high growth in the comos sensor business, the company ' s profit-adding share in 2021 and 2022, the South Ocean University of Singapore has master ' s degree in strategic research. Seven years of strategic research experience.
Futures, options, transferable debt, fof have been studied over the years, and there is a long-term study of style rotation, big timing and industrial policy analysis.Son Ting, woman, certificate number: s1601200800112, Master of Finance, currently working on Port Shin securities, research oriented towards strategic research, and formerly in China's real estate business.
My research view is that any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or ideas in this report. And personal investment proposals, written or verbal commitments to share the return on securities investment or share the losses of securities investment, are not valid.
There will be no change. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute the offer or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.