On the 28th of 2022, the Star of the Automobile Semiconductor looked back at the history of mobile business and looked at the layout of the car business. Howie has created an image distribution in the mobile business.
The layout of three major business systems: sensor solutions, touch and display solutions, and simulation solutions. Keys are the multi-dimensional layout and success stories of mobile phone operations, and Weir has a number of product layouts and potential for growth in the development of smart electric cars.
Directions for development: 1, deep layout, autopilot core components: cis and serdeslvds; 2, key players in the smart cabin: an-hud based on the lcos programme, vehicle screen touch display drive cores and vehicle audio chips; 3, full-scale layout semiconductor: build-up extension based on original technology
The autopilot's eye: deep layout around the car's cis. Autopilot as a motor intelligence wave.
The \triangleright core, which has seen an accelerated trend of penetration in recent years, plays a major role in the sensor layers of the autopilot system, visual perception. As the number of one-stop cameras and the number of pixels rises, car-car-car-cis market rules
The model continues to rise, and the global car law market is expected to be about $5 billion in 2025, with more than $10 billion expected in 2030, and the number of one-way cameras is expected to grow from two + to 10 today. For more than 15 years, in the field of Howe Farming Car lawn, apart from a well-developed cis product and technology layout, it is possible to increase the number of one-way cameras from two + to ten.
Make available the capability to match the Isp/Asic chip, while the company lvdsserdes carries the video transmission chip.
\triangleright Review: A single season with a record high Māori rate and a significant increase in profitability can be divided into three main systems: the cockpit system, the information entertainment system, and others.
The accumulation of technology in the areas of lcos, tddi, etc., is expected to be deeply involved in the smart cabin systems: the ar-hud trend is determined and lcos is expected to increase their share as one of the mainstream technology programmes; information and entertainment is growing steadily in reverse, with a year-round high performance.
The system is based on screens, multiscreening trends are evident, and touch-and-tide solutions such as Howetddi are expected to give power incentives to land, and the cis tap is growing high from cell phones to vehicle screens.
4. Ver shares (603501) are rated as other car chip layouts: mcu, pmic and Power.
Performance meets expectations, q2 counter-intensity continues to rise in the depth of lcos, tddi, etc., and Weir is rated as a common chip in mcu, pmic and power.
There are a number of technologies and products that have accumulated and are expected to open up more than $10 billion in market space. The company now has ldo products certified by car regulations, and mcu products are expected to be delivered in 2022.
\triangleright1 review cellular business history, looking forward to the layout of car business 1.1 review of Weir stock cellular business history
Well semiconductor is the country's oldest semiconductor semiconductor semiconductor designer and power management semiconductor product designer ic. In 2019, Weir's shares acquired Howie Group and Spico. HowellTech is the world's third-largest cynos manufacturer, and Spico is the country's leading cynos image sensor manufacturer.
In 2020, the company acquired operations like synapticstddi and Giddis, and so the company developed the layout of three business systems centred on cis operations, including image sensor solutions, contact and display solutions, and model solutions.
In addition, in June 2020, the company took part in the launch of the Weihouse Harbour Industries Fund, which focuses on advanced development directions and technology in the industry, building up and storing high-quality industrial resources.
Like sensor operations; semiconductor separation devices (tvs, mosfet, etc.), power managementic (ldo, switch, dc-dc, ovp/ocp, led backlight drive, etc.) and front end of radio frequency (lna, switch, taner, etc.); and tddi and tddi with synaptics and Gidis, etc.)
Figure 1: Weir shares are now a global leader in product layouts and cos business in mobile phones, with a strong accumulation of technology.
In terms of technology: companies have accumulated pixel technology, represented by such technologies as purecel, omnibsi, hdr high dynamic range technology, camacubecip(TM) cameras focused on micro-crystal-crystal camera modules.
In terms of products: HowellTech has, in recent years, been using different competitive routes and continuous research and development inputs in mobile phones.
In 2020, the company launched ov48c (1.2 μm, 1.1.32") and ov64a (1 μm, 1/1.34) of high-level pixels, and launched the mainstream high-end flags of 10 to the Grand Monument and Glory v40, respectively.
In the case of pixel microfiche, the first cis chip ov64b (0.7 μm, 1/2") of 0.7 μm pixel size was introduced in the company ' s industry in 2020 to host the mainstream flag ship of the opporeno series; it was further rolled out in 2021.
The first of the balls, 0.61 μm pixels, high resolution chip ov60a (0.61 μm, 1/2.8"), continued to lead high pixels. On 6 January 2022, at the ces 2022 exhibition, Howie launched the minimum global resolution of 0.61 μm pixel size ovbob for the high end smartphone market, which is 200 million resolution chip ovbob.
A unique 4x4 pixel combination technique has been used, and qpd (four-phase test) technology has been used for phase detection of the 200 million pixel image sensors that automatically focus. Simulate solution rooting, contact control and display exhilaration.
In terms of touch and display operations, companies have succeeded and integrated the original synaptics Asian tddi product development and support team and Shenzhen Gildis.
Rapid growth in smartphones tddi operations and back-loaded tddi, ddic, etc., earning $613 million in the first half of 2021, accounting for 5.81 per cent of the revenue, and companies fully equipped with the large-sized ddic operations from mobile phones tddi to medium-sized dddic 1.2 Prospective Automobile Semiconductor Operations
As "electrification, intelligence, networking, sharing" becomes a new trend in the automobile industry, the chip will become the core part of a smart car. In the future, the load of a bicycle chip will increase several times, rising from 4% of the year to 12% in 2025 and to 20% in 2030.
The trend toward electricization and intellectualization is overwhelming, and new energy vehicles continue to be sold over and above expectations. According to FMC data, China’s retail sales in December 2021 amounted to 475,000 vehicles, with a domestic retail penetration rate of 22.6%, while the annual retail sales of new energy vehicles amounted to 2.98 million vehicles, with a penetration rate of 14.8%, a marked increase from 5.8% in 2020.
At the same time, the Federation expects to sell more than 5.5 million new energy vehicles in 2022, with a penetration rate of about 25 per cent and a penetration rate of about 22 per cent for about 6 million new energy vehicles. Based on the diversified layout and successful experience of mobile phone operations, Weir’s trend towards intelligent electric cars is high.
There's a lot of product layouts and potential for development. We're looking at the core components of Weir's auto-drive sensor 1 in the automobile business from three angles: the camera, as the core of the auto-drive sensor, will benefit fully from the boom in auto-drive, and Weir's deep-deep car cis will be around the vehicle for more than 10 years.
Camera depth layout, including chips such as car-borne ciss, serdeslvds, etc..2 Key players in the smart cabin: based on technological accumulation in consumer electronics, Weir shares are expected to become important players in the smart cabin, including, in particular, the important solution for the ar-hud in the cockpit system
Touch-and-show drive motion chip programmes (tddi and dddic technologies based on synaptics and Judith) and other related products through production funds or the layout of associated companies, such as vehicle-borne audio noise reduction products (based on the combined electrical voice of associated companies) in the information and entertainment system (based on lcos technology)
Figure 4: Ver shares in the product layout of the automobile business - for example, CarLog 3. Full-scale layout semiconductor: based on Weir's Asic, Separated Devices and Power Management.
The technological build-up in the field extends to vehicle-carmcu, simulation, power semiconductor, etc., while vehicle-wide semiconductor layout is carried out with the help of the Industrial Fund Wei Hao Hari.
Autopilots are getting closer, and the perception of the hardware layer is the first to hit. Autopilots, as a central part of the intelligent wave of cars, have accelerated the trend of penetration in recent years. From the realization of autopilot functions, they can be divided into three stages: environmental information perception, awareness, response.
At the front end of the day, mainly by various sensors, information is collected on the body and vehicle environment; the information is understood to be the integration of the information collected using a vehicle processor and the identification of key elements such as roads, vehicles, pedestrians, road signs, etc. based on algorithms, and to provide the driver or car computer with the corresponding choice; and the information is responded to.
Finally, decisions are made by drivers or car computers on a case-by-case basis. Thus, the realization of autopilot functions is closely related to the various hardware layers and, as the level of autopilot increases, cars need to increase their access to information.
In the sensor layers of the autopilot system, visual perception plays a major role, with multiple other sensors (mm wave radar, ultrasound radar, laser radar, etc.) playing an auxiliary role. The core of visual perception is a vehicle-borne camera, including in-car cameras, rear-vision cameras, front-vision cameras, side-vision cameras, round-view cameras, etc.
It is used in adas for 360 panorama images, forward-to-back collision alerts, traffic diversion alarms and pedestrian tests.
The level of a bicycle sensor is valued at $160-180, the value of a l2+ bicycle sensor is nearly doubled to $280-350, and the level of a l4-l5 is now up to $1150-1250. The smart car industry is currently in the transition period from l2 to l3/l4, and changes in industry patterns are expected to accelerate over the next few years, as autopilots and so on.
As the level rises, the requirements for vehicle environmental perception are increasing, and vehicle-borne sensors are about to rise at a full price: 2.1 car-cis: autopilot core sensors are used as core components of the autopilot sensor, and vehicle-borne cameras are rapidly increasing.
In general, the traditional drivers or class 1 autopilots are carrying one post-visual camera and one single or more current video cameras; the class 1-2 vehicle is carrying more than one. Moreover, with the development of auto-drive and safety technology, more cameras are becoming cars.
Marking, for example, in 2019, the EU announced a requirement to install an in-car driver’s surveillance system in new cars from 2022 to reduce the incidence of driver-driving accidents. With the number of single-car cameras and the increasing size of the Cis market for pixels, the market has been rising.
According to Howie's technology data, with 100 million cars arriving worldwide, it is expected to reach around $5 billion in 2025, more than $10 billion in 2030, and the number of one-car cameras is expected to rise from the current 2+10.
For example, in the current configuration of the key vehicle-based sensor layer, most of the companies have continued to push the hardware up, taking into account the redundancy of the system. Teslamodel3 has eight cameras, 12 ultrasound radars, and one millimetre wave radar. Other more intelligent vehicle-based basic cameras are set at 10.
Upper, ultrasound radars are generally 8-12, millimetre-wave radars 3-5 configurations, and car models are leading the deployment of laser radars. The Et7 released in January 2021 was equipped with 11 cameras, 12 ultrasounds, 5 mm-wave radars, 1 laser radar, 2 high-precision positioning units, and so on.
The five requirements and trends of car cis pose a high challenge to the company cis, which, from the point of view of hardware parameters, usually faces more stringent conditions than cellular cameras and digital camera imagery, and therefore multiple challenges as the vehicle is intelligent.
One is a high dynamic range (hdr). Cars have a dynamic range of more than 120 db, usually between 120 and 140 db. Dynamic ranges refer to both low-sight and bright areas in the same scenario, with high and low-sight ratios defined as the dynamic range of the scene, even for vehicle-mounted cameras, even in light.
In the case of dramatic changes (e.g. when entering or exiting tunnels), high-quality images are also required. Second, the light flashing inhibition (lfm). As led gradually spreads over applications such as traffic lights, car lighting, and indicator lamps, its pulse modem (pwm) is driven by a pattern that is often invisible to the naked eye.
The frequency (usually 90hz) of this flash is the source of a miscalculation of the ai system for faster-time cis. In the actual scene, the flash and high-dynamic range of the led lights often appear at the same time, for example, in the streets of the night, the lights of the car, the billing lights, etc., are sometimes very bright and darkly contrasted.
It's very intense, and it also leads to very high dynamic range requirements. Figure 13: Hdr closes the imaging effect under +lfm closes, and the temperature range is extremely demanding. Unlike normal cameras, car cameras work continuously.
The long, often highly vibrating environment and the fatal threat to the life of the user if it fails, is very demanding, for example, for modules and seals. Automobile cameras need to be soaked in water for days and temperatures greater than 1,000 hours, so vehicle cameras usually need to be able to adapt to minus 40°C - zero 105°C.
According to the US National Road Traffic Safety Authority (NRTSA), although only one-quarter of all road traffic occurs at night, the number of accidents is half. The number of accidents caused by poor night vision accounts for 70%.
So that you can work all day, that is, near-infrared wide spectrum (from 400nm to 1100nm), and in the future night vision will be marked as a vehicle-borne camera. There are three types of night vision technology that have been applied: microlight night vision technology, passive infrared night vision technology, active infrared night vision technology.
Five is the trend in high pixels. As intelligent driving is upgraded from L1 to L2/l3, the number of cameras has increased from about 5 initially to 8-13, while car-borne cis pixels have been upgraded from vga1m2m8m. The higher resolution will increase clarity and help to expand the range of tests. The next 8-12mp is expected to expand.
High-resolution cameras will gradually replace the current mainstream cameras of 1-4mp. 7 million pixels are deployed in the 7 series to automatically drive high-resolution cameras and 4 million high-pixel light-sense video cameras, of which 8 million pixel cameras can detect vehicles 680 metres away.
Two hundred and sixty metres of cone drums, 220 metres of pedestrians, three times as far as the 1.2 million pixel cameras at the most detection distance, achieves a much further sense of distance and a more precise sense of content. Howell's technology accumulated, and the car sis later took over.
In more than 15 years in the field of Howe Farming, there is a full-scale imaging solution for vehicles ranging from ring vision to adas and autopilots, with a cumulative volume of more than 800 million items in the area. In 2005, the first generation of megapixel technology was produced annually, and the first generation of visual depth technology was produced in 2018.
At present, Howell offers not only state-of-the-art packages for car manufacturers and first-tier suppliers, but also multi-category, multi-layered digital imaging solutions for autopilots.
In 2017, Howie introduced the separation pixel technology to scintillation image sensors series - ox01a10 and ox02a10, which were used mainly for side-view cameras to address the hazards of led flashing in adas.
Control system, which allows the program to scintilize accurate image data at this car regulation temperature, with a combination of gled scintillation and high dynamic range requirements. For high dynamic ranges, HoweTech is upgraded through his own unique double conversion gain (dcg) technology.
The dynamic range of the image sensor, which was launched by Howie in May 2019 with a 1mp image sensor - ox01d10 - for visual application in cars, is a combination of partitioning pixels and double-conversion gain (dcg) techniques that can be mentioned for capture by an unfiltered motion, up to 120 db hdr and lfm.
With its leading nyxel near-infrared (nir) technology, Howie becomes the breaker of the internal camera market.
Figure 15: Trends in camera technology in vehicles such as dms and ims. In terms of high pixels, in December 2019, Howe-Tech published two completely new vehicle-grade image sensors.
High dynamic range (hdr) of excellence in the industry, integrated into a chip-based synthesizing algorithm (hdr and lfm quote) and ox08b compatible with the led scintillation inhibition (lfm) created a new, advanced sip capability, multi-car asic leading the market
HowellTechnology can provide not only a wealth of car-cis products, but also advanced capabilities and solutions for auto manufacturers and Tier1 manufacturers, which can be supported by the company’s multi-purpose high-performance integrated circuit (Asic) product lead markets.
It includes the need to process more pixels from more cameras, higher resolution sensors, and to respond to a range of sensor demands. There are a variety of loop structures in the market, some of which still include Isp, some of which integrates it into the ecu, and the Howie lead structure transfers it to the ecu for use.
However, overall, market demand for Isp continues to grow as the number of on-board cameras rises. Yole expects the market to remain stable at around 3.4% between 2018 and 2024.
Subsequently, ov491 was launched in 2016, with a significant improvement in image processing capabilities. In May 2019, Howie launched an oax4010 vehicle, with an up-to-date Hdr and lfm engine combination algorithm, accompanied by Harvey's mature ox01a10 and ox02a10lfmcis, which can process images to 60fps or double.
A wide range of auto imaging applications, such as back-view cameras, electronic mirrors and svs, can be applied. In January 2021, Howe launched aricoax 8,000, optimised for entry-level unique dms. Oax 8,000 uses a chip stacking structure, which is the only dms processing in the industry.
In May of 2021, Howell released a new Oax 4000 as a high-performance car as a result of the use of the dms processor, which provides up to 1.1 trillion operations per second for eye-watching and eye-tracking algorithms.
Perfectly applicable to a wide range of car applications, including loops, electronic rear-view mirrors, in-car and autopilot cameras, capable of processing data streams generated by up to 4 million pixels or 18 million pixel cameras. 2.2lvdsserves: important interfaces for vehicle video transmission
As the demand for high-speed data transmission increases, it becomes increasingly important to address the high-quality interface between high-speed microchips. There are usually three interfaces between chips: pecl (orthonic coupling logic), lvds (low-pressure differential signal), and cml (voltage mode logic).
The data transfer between the camera and the visual processor is generally based on two options: serial interfaces and the Ethernet, where serial interfaces are commonly used. The chain transfer physics layer of the camera data uses an Ivds interface, where the protocol owner wants the solution to be tifpd-link, maxim gmsl, etc.
Ivds interfaces are used for low-pressure differential signal point-to-point transmissions with high noise resistance, low electromagnetic radiation, low deviations and low power consumption, which typically resists the electricity flow on the differential line of 1@omega and does not exceed 4 ma.
One feature makes lvds suitable for parallel data transmissions. Ivds usually consist of senders, receivers, split data lines and 100 rickshaws of terminal resistance to support transmission data signals, clock signals and control signals, covering pc, printers, cars, industry, etc.
Areas such as communications, from telecommunications backboards to disk-driven interfaces, from the Internet image processor to the lcd screen of the laptop brain, where lvds are used mainly for data chain transmission from applications such as cameras and screens.
For example, Nxp's loop viewing system, except for the launch end lvds chip inside each camera, the receiving end is configured with a four-way lvds chip for the connection between the video signal and the visual processor. Figure 24: lvds application in cars
Fig. 25: The car loop system solution for nxp. is currently used in vehicle applications with transmission protocols that are not common to the products of different suppliers. Examples of available solutions include: fpd-link for ti, gmsl for maxim, inova
The general controller platform determines the type of protocol to be selected, such as hw2.5 using the nvidia formula, the gsml protocol, while hw3.0 is the fpd-link formula that fsd chose.
Figure 26: Application of the tifpd-link programme in vehicle multi-camera data transfer. Currently, Howie is also actively developing the camera and screen-related lvdsserves chip product, which, based on Howie ' s technological and market advantages in vehicle-borne cis, is expected to contribute to the acceleration of the country of lvdsserves in the future.
Three important participants in the smart cabin: from ar-hud to vehicle display, driving the motorbike faster from mechanization and electronicization to intelligent evolution. The smart cabin is equipped with intelligence.
Car-based products that can be integrated and networked to allow intelligent interaction with people, roads, cars, and the key trends in the future are to meet consumer emotional and individualized needs and to evolve into a “smart, mobile space” around travelling experiences.
The smart module is a vehicle-based product equipped with intelligent and networked hardware, human interaction, and integrated system development. The smart module can be divided from the hardware level into three main systems: the cockpit system (including LCD dashboards, Hud, stream media rearview mirrors, etc.) information and entertainment systems (including ivi touch screens, etc.).
The market size of China ' s smart cabin was about 51.4 billion yuan in 2020, with a combined growth rate of 26 per cent between 2017 and 2020, and is expected to reach 80 billion yuan in 2025, according to the data of the Gaelic Motors.
The renminbi is about to break out of the dry billion yuan by 2030. Hardware is the largest market for smart coaches and the fastest-growing part of smart cabins in the next 10 years. The penetration rate of smart cabins rose rapidly in 2020, with the rapid expansion of the markets for motion screens and chips, with hardware accounting for as much as 70% of the smart pods due to technological innovations.
Around 2025, the market size of hardware in the smart cabin is expected to be around RMB 57.1 billion. In 2021, the penetration rate of the new smart cabin was over 50%.
Among them, the penetration rate of the smart cabin has reached 50.6%, with the penetration rate of the control screen having reached 97.9%, almost the current brand of the new vehicle (with a re-allocation). Of these, 15-20 million spaces have the highest rate of penetration, 58.4%, mainly due to the fact that the number of users of the space segment is mostly young, for the cabin.
Intelligent functional acceptance. 3.1lcos: lcos (liquidcrystalonsilicon), one of the mainstream carar-hud programs, is a cos integrated circuit design process.
And the silicon-based microscopic display technology of liquid crystal encapsulation technology, which is structured on silicon silicon, using a semiconductive institutional process to make the drive panels (also known as cmos-lcd) and then level them on crystals by grinding techniques and plating aluminium as a reflector, forming cmos-based panels, and then matching the cmos-based panels with glass panels with transparent electrodes.
Injecting liquid crystals for encapsulation testing. Lcos have small size, high resolution, high frame rates, etc., and can be widely applied to portable laser projectors, anar glasses, car-mounted Hud, and intelligent manufacturing. Lcos are based on principles similar to lcd, but lcos uses the lcos panel to adjust to light sources.
Lcd is a penetrating mode that uses the light source through lcd; and lcos is a reflective structure, so the light from the light does not penetrate the lcos panel, which is reflective. The lcos panel is a cnos chip that is the basis of the circuit and the reflective layer, and then the coating liquid crystal.
, then enclosed with a glass tablet. Compared to other commonly used projection techniques such as htps-lcd (high-temperature multi-silicon lcd) and dlp (digital light processing), lcos technology has the following main advantages:
(1) Light use efficiency: lcos are reflective imaging, so light use efficiency can be more than 40%, comparable to dlp, while penetration of lcd is only 3-10%. (2) Small size: lcos can fully integrate edges such as driveic onto cmos panels, minus
(iii) resolution high: because the lcos transistor and drive lines are made inside the silicon base plate, are under the reflective surface and do not cover the surface area, only the pixel gap takes up the opening area, while the penetrating rcd's tft
The resolution generally reaches the sxga level (1280 x 1024). (4) The manufacturing technique is mature: lcos can be made of semiconductor coss in the front and back.
LCD panels are built in combination, and the semiconductor and cos in the front channel are made in mature design, simulation, production and testing techniques that are now up to 90% good and extremely low cost, followed by LCD in combination with higher manufacturing interest rates.
(5) There is no patent problem: htps-lcd is currently a patent for Sony and Eppsyn, dlp is a patent for ti, and lcos is a patent-free issue.
Hud (headupdisplay, header) is an optical projection technology that is used from fighter jets to vehicles. Hud shows that the image of the image source is projected mainly through the optical mirror and into the windshield, and eventually reflects in the human eye, thus increasing the driver's response time and situational awareness, which shows speed and speed.
High-level safety features such as speed limits, navigational tips, and traffic deviations and collision alerts. According to the Gazecar statistics, the domestic load of Hud preloaded assigned amounts has continued to rise, with a significant increase in 2020, with a cumulative volume of 765,000 packages, an increase of more than 100 per cent over the same period; by 2021
The penetration rate of vehicle-hud products will be close to 40 per cent and the pre-package size will exceed 9 million units. Figure 36: Domestic vehicle-hud products containing assigned amounts (million sets) currently form three product patterns: c-hud, w-hud
and ar-hud. c-hud has become less secure and comfortable because of the low imaging effect, and market choices to configure the program have gradually become less available; the current mainstream application is w-hud, which displays driving aids to boost driving safety and comfort; and as a higher-order image of Hud, anar-hud product application.
Larger regions, more remote projectors, and highly integrated with the real driving road environment allow drivers to have a better experience of effective results applications. As optical, ar-hud, image recognition, etc., breaks through, anar-hud (enhanced reality) takes one.
A more natural way of image processing is found in the driver's vision, where it allows the driver to co-locate and display some driving information in the driver's sight zone, and, when combined with actual traffic conditions, it is more vivid and the main direction of development that Hud has not come.
It's a deep integration with the auxiliary driving system to achieve higher-level effectiveness and functionality, and the ar-hud shows a larger range, further distances, and more complex. Figure 37: Ar-hud supports a larger viewing and a more remote illusion.
From the technical principles and specific composition of the ar-hud, the image of the image generation unit (picturegenerationunit, pgu) is projected through the optical mirror to the windshield, which eventually reflects into the human eye. The core parts of the ar-hud include the image generation unit (pgu) optical parts.
(i) pgu: contains components such as light-source reflectors, display screen combinations (optic machines), lower fixers, etc.; (2) optical components: includes mirrors, projectors, mirror fixers, axle combinations, optical shades, etc. (3) top caps: contains smut and glare, mainly to prevent direct and reflection of solar light.
The pgu is a core component, accounting for about 50 per cent of the cost of the entire ar-hudbom, which directly determines the display effect and technical parameters of the ar-hud, and the current mainstream technology route consists of four technologies: tft-lcd, dlp (digital optical processing technology), lcos and lsp (mems light-scan microfilm).
Kyeong-ju, Tian-ma, Kyeong-dong, Howie, Ki-Gang, Nan-King-Hyun, Young-Jing-Hyun, Long-Ma-Hyun
Jdi Japanese Fine Machine, Huayang Group, Jiaxuan, Huai-su, One-Technology
Shanghai Tombo Electronics, Zhejiang Visual Mirror Sensor, Continental Group, Zejiang Electronics, Representing Programners
Ig, Crystal Photovoltaic, Jiyun Valley, Kyeonglong Wisdom, technology, fic, microvision.
The current market-based ar-hud is still dominated by the tft-lcd and dlp programs, but there are still many problems, such as oversized and sun pouring. As lcos technology becomes more sophisticated, Chinese technology, a number of technology firms, etc., are entering the field, and the relevant car code chips are becoming available.
It is expected to be one of the main options for ar-hud.
Howie insisted on developing and producing Lcos technology for more than a decade, and now the company's lcos technology can provide low-power, high-speed, and single chip solutions for microlight displays. The company built the Shanghai Song River as early as 2017 and became the world's number one, and the only 12-inch Icos crystallized LCD line, congested.
With the highest production efficiency and product excellence of the lcos chip industry, the problem of production capacity and volume stability of the product supplied to the ar was solved. In 2018, the company also designed and produced the first item in the world that would drive the chip and the lcos show the chip collection as a single chip display chip, with a high integration and low power consumption;
The company also developed its own silicon plating technology, which raised the lcos reflection rate to up to 90%. The company also developed the first active video comparison patch device globally, which enabled the active image comparison compensation process, a large-scale Icos panel comparison; and Howells continued to develop the lcos panel module technology.
The smallest 720-plcos panel module and industry tops the 1080-plcos panel are available. Figure 43: Howellcos technology features and applications. Howell-tech lcos technology achieves the overall solution of image sensors and lcos display technology.
The full-digit single chip lcos panel, high resolution and high frame rate, is a driver integrated into the single chip lcos panel.
The high-resolution Lcos product of HowieTech, compared to the two-chips solution, has simplified the design of the system by integrating the lcos function and frame buffer zone.
Successfully reduced power consumption by 40%. For high frame speeds and up to six colour fields, it provides a clear and compact system.
The lcos technology of Howetech can be applied to ar/vr, smart shelf, micro projector, car and medical applications.
In September 2019, Howe-Tech introduced a completely new size of 0.39"1080plcosop0220 and a minimum global envelope size of 0.26"720plcosovp2200. The company's ovp2,200 micro monitor in. The ovp2,200 super-strength shape and low power consumption make it from a smart device monitor to motion.
Accompanied chip support, the ovp921 chip provides enhanced system functionality without an external image processor. mcu, ovp921 can be inputted via 24 rgb, mipi or usb.
The ovp2200 and vp921 packages can be combined with solid-state light sources to support clients in creating low-capacity, high-out projection compatibility systems. These systems can project images and videos with more than 20-fluent optical engines with 1.8w led power and a well-designed optical engine.
The company ' s VO2220 is designed for applications requiring persistence, compactness and light weight, such as glasses and headwear displays, with compact design, low power consumption, and physical value ratios.
A total of 0.39 inches. Compared to the two-chip solution, the internal drive design of this display can significantly reduce low equipment power, thereby prolonging the battery’s life. The micro monitor applies to wearable ar applications and can also be used in the generic projector and micro projector markets.
3.2 Touch display chip: The need for inside-car screens is growing rapidly with the extension of cell phones to vehicle-mounted screens, and with the innovation of the way in which information is displayed and people interact with each other, and the constant increase in the need for traffic-based information and entertainment.
The core of the screens is a series of display screens, including central controls, dashboards, Hud, streaming media rearview mirrors, and back display screens. According to omdia data, the global volume of screens shown in 2020 was 127 million, with controls showing 73.8 million screens, up to 58 per cent of the total; electronic dashboards were available.
Over 46.8 million, or 36.9 per cent, are projected to be 238 million pieces of global vehicle-borne screens by 2030, of which 123 million are controlled. As the core entrance to the intelligent passenger aircraft interface, the future vehicle-mounted screens will be mainly large and multiple screens.
The increase in the number of vehicle-borne screens has also led to a demand for screen-touch displays of drive chip multiscreened trends: multiscreen trends are mainly reflected in the evolution of cockpit configurations and the development of vehicle-borne information and entertainment systems, some of which also increase the configuration of air-conditioning control screens, etc. The control screens are still vehicle-borne.
The core configuration of the screen, based on data for 100 million euros, was 97.9% penetration in 2021 in the vehicle pattern (including changes) of China ' s new launch. In addition to the control screen, the cockpit digital instrument displays screens, digital mirrors (back-view mirrors and side) are now branded.
In addition to the rapid growth in the number of vehicle screens, the trend towards large-screening, high-cleaning, interactivity, multi-morphosis, etc., is even more pronounced in new energy vehicles.
According to cinnoresearch data, in the first three quarters of 2021, China's market's new energy passenger vehicle control showed that sales of screen cids above 12 inches were 29 percentage points higher than the sales of traditional fuel trucks at 48 per cent compared to the share of the same size;
The share of the same size band is 13 percentage points higher and 20 percentage points higher. For the cockpit, the trend towards big screens makes the message more direct, reduces the driver's visual shift and enhances the operational and personalization of settings; For vehicle-borne information and entertainment systems, large screens make the information more comprehensive, more task-driven and more accessible.
A good entertainment experience. Figure 49: New energy in China in the third quarter of 2021 was sized by car cid, and the vehicle display screen was also rapidly upgraded in terms of resolution and display technology.
The low resolution below wvga (800 x 480) accelerates the transition to a high resolution. By displaying technology, lcd is still a mainstream vehicle display screen because of its cost and technological maturity, but, due to the need for built-in touch and energy efficiency, ltpslcd shows a rapid upward trend in the screen penetration.
In 2021, cinnorearch projected a global volume of about 19 million ltpslcd panels, an increase of 83.4 per cent over the same year, and an increase in penetration to about 11.9 per cent. In the future, as new technologies such as oled, miniled, microled and others mature, they are expected to take up a share of the market.
Displays the driveic core device, which has a large national alternative. From the point of view of the industrial chain, the vehicle screen consists mainly of material manufacturers, component suppliers and manufacturers of production equipment, of which driveic is one of the core components of the vehicle display.
The tddiin-cell program has gradually become a vehicle monitor as the ltpslcd penetration has increased.
One of the solutions. The main advantages of the ltpslcdddi program is that it has lower internal integration costs, smaller system panels, thinner borders, and higher brightness. According to omdia, 42 million pieces of ltpslcd are expected to be needed globally in 2027, and 85 million pieces of tddi chips are expected to be needed in 2027.
In 2020, only 5 million car-borne tddi chips were needed.
In April 2020, Howe acquired synaptics-based tddi operations in Asia, resulting in a rich mix of products in the field of tactile and displaying, with deep R & D inputs from synaptics in the field of touch and display technology, extensive intellectual property rights accumulation, and a wealth of production experience from leading global mobile phone clients.
In addition to this, the company acquired Shenzhen Giddis, focusing on the development and manufacture of tddi and ddic products in the back-loading market, enabling the company to move to a more sophisticated position to touch and display the new chip track. In the first half of 2021, the company managed and demonstrated the solution business with $613 million, accounting for the company's semiconductor design.
With 5.81 per cent of business receipts, the following company will also launch the ddic product line and expand further from smartphones to other areas such as vehicle displays.4 Other car chip layouts: mcu, pmic and power
In addition to the layouts described above, which extend from Howecis and former lcos, tddi, etc., to smart cabin operations, Weir has a number of layouts in the common chip areas of mcu, pmic and Power.
Automobile electrons are the largest end market for mcu applications and the main driving force behind the growth of the mcu market. In 2020, they accounted for about 20 per cent of total sales of global auto systemic. In electric, intelligent annual car mcu markets, they will grow by 23 per cent, reaching $7.6 billion, and will remain fast in the coming years.
Growth, the size of which is expected to reach $12 billion in 2025. mcu applications in automobiles include, inter alia, power systems (engine escu, motor system ecu) chassis (safety bag escu, abs)/electronic stability control system (esc) ecu)
All ecu ecu (e.g. parking ecu) ecu, which refers to all electronic control systems on vehicles, mcu is all ecu.
Required components. As car ecu grows, mcu applications in cars are ubiquitous, and each car has to use more than 70 mcu chips, and in the future, as car intelligence increases, car mcu is expected to exceed 300.
According to advisory body icinsight data, car information entertainment (accessing digital maps from the Internet and satellite transmissions, identifying vehicle locations, access data entertainment and information systems) in 2021 is expected to account for 10 per cent of car mcu sales (approximately $780 million), while the rest of the mcu (engine control, power transmission) is expected to account for 10 per cent of car mcu sales.
In total, brakes, diversions, electric windows, battery management, etc.) are expected to account for 90% of the revenue in 2021 (68 billion by fraction, 32-digit mcu is the dominant product of automobile applications, accounting for three quarters of the overall market, driven mainly by new “smart” systems in cars and increasingly complex real-time sensor functions.
The car also needs more embedded controllers and sensors to perform new "semi-automatic" driving functions – such as automatic parking, self-adaptation to cruise controls, automatic emergency brakes, middle lanes and traffic congestion assistants – as more and more car manufacturers expand their drivers.
In addition, with the complexity of basic functions, such as light control, even 32 units, gradually cover some of the low- and medium-end applications. The 16-bit mcu is about 17% in the car mcu market.
For power transmission systems; 8 mcus, about 6%. Figure 57: The size of the car mcu market, increasing the number of ecu as car functions increase, with individual ecus for each function, to understand
The problem posed by the excessive number of ecu is that the garage has introduced the concept of a “functional domain” to unify the entire electronic and electrical architecture, partly based on a platform of pure electrical and electronics, which is already in a cross-domain centralized segment and into the development process of the domain central controller towards the cross-domain central controller.
It reduces the use of mcu, but the amount of computing and functionality required is increased and the requirements are more stringent, and the value of the chip increases.
In particular, mcu has introduced three standard norms: (1) the aec-q100 reliability standard; and (2) the level of security assurance for the asil function that meets the zero-neutrality criterion. According to ihs, the global car mcu market is highly concentrated.
The division accounts for 98% of the global market share of car regulation mcu. And from a manufacturing point of view, because 40 nm and the following mccu are almost replaced by a few crystal-crylic mills, such as power and electronics, because car regulation mcu manufacturers are also very concentrated.
In the first half of the year, it is expected that the model will be delivered. With Howie’s technological accumulation in the area of asic and the natural advantage of the car regulation system, we believe that the company is expected to gain a certain market share in the standard mcu market.
Automobile electricization, intelligence, digital acceleration, in addition to the booming market for sensors and car processors, mcu, etc., the demand for power management chips has risen. The power management chip is one of the simulation chips, primarily the electrical circuits for the management of batteries and power, and it is the electronic equipment.
Key instruments. By function classification, the power management chip consists mainly of battery charge management, monitoring and protection, power morphology and voltage/flux conversion (including ac/dc conversion, dc/dc conversion, etc.). The performance of the power management chip has a direct impact on the performance and reliability of the whole machine.
The global simulation chip market is growing steadily, and according to frost&sullivan, the global simulation chip industry is about $54 billion in 2020.
The film is the main sub-market for the simulation chip, with a market size of approximately $32.88 billion in 2020, or 60.89 per cent of the market as a whole; in the area of downstream applications, communications, automobiles, industry are the main downstream market for the simulation chip industry where, according to icinsights data, the share of cars in the global simulation chip market will reach 25.5 per cent in 2021.
The power management chip is widely used in cars, from traditional applications such as car-borne communication and entertainment systems, navigation systems, to current hot power systems, adas, etc.
In the system, because real-time data need to be collected through sensors scattered throughout the body of the vehicle and the sensor has certain requirements for the quality of the power source, in the automobile power tree (powertree) structure, the sensor module needs to be equipped with linear stabilizers (ldo) to adjust the transmission of electricity from the main power source to avoid the electrical coupling during the transmission process.
Automobile applications require significantly higher performance and reliability requirements for power management chips than consumer electronic terminals, and are required to meet aec-q100 standard quality standards.
Phases and higher technical requirements, and higher technical barriers in the industry have led to a more global pattern of semiconductor products in automobiles than in the world, and although there are many types of vehicle-borne power management chips and there are some differences in the number of players in the individual market, the global market for car chips is dominated by large firms in Europe and America as a whole. For example, in smart coaches, dc/dc chips
In the field, the main participants include British Flying, Engjipo, Roma, etc.; in the area of port protection chip protection, the main participants include Ti, Amé, Engjipo, etc.; and in the field of wireless charge chip, the main participants are Ngipu, Ima and Risa Electronics.
Well has been deployed for years in the field of power management chips, where the ido consumer market has been at the top, and the car regulation power source management system has been running steadily. Well has produced products in the area of power managementic, including dc/dc, ldo, led drive chips, charge management chips, load switches, overpressure protection, etc., where the ldo chip is out of the consumer market.
In the automobile market, the company now has a wl2803 series of ldo chips certified by the car regulations, and in the future the company will have a multi-car-borne power-management product, i.e., ready to grow.
The company has accumulated technology in consumer-type market power management chips, and the output of a large number of products remains a leader in the country. For ldo, the company has taken the lead in developing a high-frequency inhibition ratio (100k~1mhz, with the lowest psrr reaching 55db or more) ldo, which is used mainly for ultra-high pixel cell phone cameras.
At the same time, electricity has been developed to produce 0.5 ua super low-power ldo, which is used mainly in the fields of smart clothing and iot networking, and product performance is a complete substitute for the highest-end models abroad and to achieve a stable volume. The company ' s ldo products have become multi-series, multi-models, with more than 500 million shipments achieved in 2019, in consumer-type markets.
In the direction of overpress protection, the company developed the built-in ovpic, the limited-flow protected ovpic, the low-guided ovpic: the built-in ovp and the cost of the 120v flood tubes are the same in the country.
The best. The new definition, the built-in wave tube, with a capacity of up to 300 v or more ovp chips, miniaturizes it with a csp-12 envelope, sub-compatible 120v tubes, and leads the industry. The experiment also succeeded in filling the technology with a high-banded ovp chip with a pressure tolerance of over 40v.
. ovpic has developed the use of ft-correction techniques that remove the parameters of stress effects from containment, drifting and improving the protection of voltage in vp. General-purpose analogue switches, etc.; hypervelocity, low delay, low jamming, high isolation digital switches; meet usb,
A variety of high-speed interface applications such as mipi, edp, hdmi, sata, thunderbolt; ultra low-real, large-scale, high-pressure, high-letter noise, relay-type professional switches for Hifi audio applications; and a combination of digital analogue conversion functions, signal dynamics compensation, charge protection etc. around type-c applications
The development of electric cars has become a trend in the automobile industry, while the "three power systems" are electric vehicles.
The core, which is also the technology that divides electric cars from the core of traditional fuel vehicles. “Three power systems”, i.e. batteries, motors, and electrical control systems, cost more than 75% of the total cost of a pure electric vehicle.
High and low voltage beams, protective casings and other structural elements in which the core is the key to the battery. Electrical control systems: as the brain of an electric car, each subsystem is made up of subsystems, which are typically sensors, signal processing circuits, electrical control units, control strategies, execution structures, self-diagnosing circuits and fingers.
Lights make up. Different types of electric vehicles have some differences in their electrical control systems, but generally include, in general, energy management systems, regenerative brake control systems, electrical power-driven control systems, power transfer control systems, and power aggregate control systems. These control systems are integrated into a control box, commonly called whole-car controllers.
Power-driven systems: The power-driven system consists mainly of transmissions, electrical machines, and reverses. The mechanical energy required for electric cars, that is to say, forward, backward motors, is derived from electric machines, which replace internal combustion engines by converting electrical power from batteries into mechanical ones.
The core increase in motor motor trends is in the “three power systems” and in the area of motor semiconductors, the core increment is in the power semiconductors.
Power devices are mainly electrical circuits controlled by power switching and power, with the main functions of reverse, flow, transformer and frequency, which can be divided into diodes, tripolars, transistors, mosfet, gbt, etc., of which mosfet and gbt are voltage control switches, compared to current control switches such as tripolars, transistors, etc.
One of the most dominant power devices is easily driven, fast switches, low losses, etc. Since power cell voltage is usually as high as 336v, 384v, electric bus voltage is as high as 580~600v, the new energy vehicle requires power semiconductors between high and low pressure systems.
Pressurizes the flow of electricity between low-voltage systems, allowing vehicles to function with electronic zero components. According to the English Flyer data, conventional fuel vehicles have a single-car value of approximately $71, new-energy vehicles have a semiconductor value of about $400, five times the conventional fuel vehicle capacity of semi-conductor vehicles.
Figure 68 New energy vehicle power semiconductor values five times as high as conventional fuel vehicles Figure 67: Application of power semiconductor on new energy vehicles due to differences in electrical voltage for electronic zero components supported by motor batteries, which requires downswing in transmission processes
Pressure or lift conversion, which needs to change over time as mosfet turns on, so mosfet needs to be used to consider current flow and insulated voltage, as well as the frequency of switches, the noise of switches and the oscillation damping, dpm (dynamic power management).
Add, the power semiconductor component, especially mosfet, is also increasing, with an original basic vehicle with about 90 mosfets and a new energy vehicle that may require 200 mosfets and a high-level new energy vehicle with 400 mosfets, and future demand is expected to increase as new energy vehicle functions are added up.
Igbt, known as the cpu of electrical power, is the core component of a new energy vehicle, which is used in electrical control systems, obc, vehicle air conditioning, etc.
Up to 4000 +. The use of single-car power devices is mainly related to the size of the power, and in the future the use of power devices such as igbt will increase as the power of the vehicle increases. 5 Profit Forecasts and Investment Recommendations
HowellTech is the world’s leading cos image sensor provider, with downstream applications covering mobile phones, cars, security, medical, etc. In 2020, companies acquired synaptics based on Asia’s single chip fluid, crystal-tactile and display-driven integration chip operations, and Shenzhen Gildis, which is now in the field of touch-driving-drivers.
The company is in a critical period of transition to a platform-based semiconductor, and as the company moves forward in its products and operations in the area of automobile semiconductors, the company will become important in the next 1 to 3 years.
The share of business will decline, and the share of automobiles will rise. For cell phones, the company’s share in the market will continue to rise as products such as company ov64b, ov50a and 200 million pixels are phased out. For cars, the number of bicycle cameras and pixels is increasing in the case of car ciss, in the light of the trend towards motor motorization of car smarts.
Long, driving the rapid growth of the carciss market, Howie's fast-track tddi business with a well-developed product layout and a competitive share of production capacity: the synaptics Asia tddi operation and Shenzhen Diz, based on the company's 2020 acquisition, gradually reduced production capacity in 2022, taking into account the gradual improvement of the company's consolidated products and customers.
The year 2021 was constrained by a shortage of production capacity, a marked increase in the price of tddi products, and a year-round convergence of company revenues, with a certain fall in product prices and a break in the company ' s customer structure from the back-loading market to the brand market, so the semiconductor design business: semiconductor design business includes semiconductor splits (tvs, mosfet, etc.)
The semiconductor distribution business is expected to evolve as companies move forward with their vehicle-related operations, such as power management ic (ldo, switch, dc-dc, ovp/ocp, led backlight drive, etc.) and radio frequency front end (lna, switch, turner, etc.): companies are among the main distributors of semiconductor products in the country, supported by mature technology
Team-based and well-developed supply chain management systems, maintaining close cooperation with major global semiconductor suppliers and major module plants and terminals, companies relying on the advantages of distribution channels to analyse customer demand information through distribution systems, sales cost rates: companies showed a downward trend in sales costs in 2019-20, mainly as a result of the integration of Howie mergers and acquisitions
Results are clear, income increases are spread rates. Based on the company's continuous roll-out of new products over the next three years and enhanced client openings Management costs: the corporate management system is efficient, the management costs are low, the Fables Design Corporation was gradually transformed from 2019 to 2020, with a low asset and high R & D profile, and now has a certain income scale and stability.
Performance, and hence the pe relative valuation method. The main design company in the country, i.e., M.I.C., G.J. Beijing, U.S.U., S.C. shares, are selected as comparable companies, with an average of 67/49/37 times for each of the five companies in 2021-2023, and Weir shares as the world’s leading cos image sensor.
In the future, the ratio of automobile semiconductor operations is expected to continue to rise, and the valuation hub is expected to move further up, with reference to comparable companies, and we appreciate that the company's depth has benefited from the rapid growth of car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-bus-bus-bus-bus-bus-bus-bus-bus-bus-bus-bus-bus-bus-bus-bus-bus-car-bus-bus-bus-bus-bus-bus-bus-bus-bus-bus-bus-bus-bus-bus-bus-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-
(1) The company’s new product is not as well developed as expected. The company’s current multiple product lines are in R & D or customer certification and, if not advanced as expected, will have a negative impact on the company’s performance. (2) The downstream industry’s downside risks.
In a number of areas, such as security, medical care, the down-stream industry will have a negative impact on the performance of upstream firms. (3) Market competition increases the risk. Companies cover multiple product lines, each segment of which faces competition from overseas giants and new domestic entrants, and increased market competition will have a negative impact on the progress and performance of their products.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.