The e-ceramic experts are fast-paced and long-term, and the tri-ring group (300408.sz) meets our expectations. In the context of accelerated import substitution, the accelerated expansion of mlcc operations is the company’s future.
The growth of the public sector has been further enhanced by the continued expansion of new products around ceramic materials, such as machetes and mammoths. We maintain previous profit projections that the company ' s net return profits for the period 2020-2022 are projected to be the price increases for the company 's Mlcc Company in 2018, the frictions in recent years between the US and China and the new crown.
The company responded positively to the terminal’s demand, fully active mlcc business, and the project to raise funds for expansion is progressing well. In 2020, the company’s mlcc capacity grew significantly over 2019, with a steady increase in its share of revenues.
In addition to the significant improvement in the model, the company optimizes the product and customer structure, increasing the small size ratio, and the customers expand from the traditional home lighting market to consumer electronics, automobiles (non-safe systems). With the introduction of ceramic cores and pkg, new items such as machetes, mammoths, etc. have increased their performance throughout the year.
The accelerated diffusion of 5g technologies and the recovery of overseas demand in beneficiary countries, and the revival of ceramic cores; competition against the withdrawal of the sea-king china in hand, which provides an enabling environment for companies to raise their market share, are available on the pkg market in the company's First Cover Report - Electronic Ceramic Specialist.
The volume has risen steadily, and income is expected to grow rapidly throughout the year; new products such as machetes, mammoths, ceramic base plates, etc., have benefited quickly from mlcc expansion and new stockings - they have also boosted the company's performance throughout the year, while gradually opening up the company's growth ceiling.