Downstream recovery at the operational level is the culmination of three strategies: globalization, M & As, and intelligent manufacturing.
Billions of dollars (more than 300 million new energy profits are unaccounted for in minority shareholder interests), Wang Linsen grew by 22.24% in comparison to the same year.
This represents an increase of 3.38 per cent and a net return of $359 million to the mother, an increase of 10.79 per cent. With the company ' s annual report for 2016, the company achieved business income of $20.164 billion during the reporting period, the profits of 300 million were calculated as being within the rights of a minority shareholder, 18 years of new talent.
So 16 years of real homecoming, net profits are around $2.5 billion, net profits are slightly out of the market, and we expect. The same time, the company collected $3.98 billion in the first quarter, an increase of 3.38%, and the mother's net profit of 3.59.
In the post-cycle of low-pressure appliances as a group of fixed assets, the annual statement of the rise in copper prices is flat and the quarterly report is starting to recover.
This is an increase of 7.22, while Māori 33.41%, a decrease of 1.85 percentage points, and net gains. The quarterly report benefited from a recovery in fixed-asset investment and a smooth rise in copper prices, with a 4 trillion-dollar burst in low-pressure electrical panels; the industry as a whole declined for 15 years, mainly because of fixed assets.
The pace of investment has fallen, starting in 14 years with real estate and manufacturing delays, and the overall rate of fixed asset growth has dropped from 20 per cent to 10 per cent; current fixed asset investments, pull-in at capital ppp + real estate recovery + manufacturing drop-off, total fixed asset investment
Under the bottom line, the low-pressure appliance industry, which is already the leader of the country in the low-pressure appliance industry, will be released for 17 years as a post-capital investment.
At this time, the rate of growth is much higher than the rate of growth in the industry, and the current rate in Schneider China is about 15-18%. At present, the biggest moat in the low-pressure electrical industry is its own brand and its own distribution channels, thanks to Jung-tae's low-voltage power.
The focus on instruments, the anti-competitive Delixie advance in real estate, is that he lost his share in the competition. At the moment, Thailand is an unquestionable leader of the country’s domestic product brand, with $11.7 billion in low-pressure electrical stores for 15 years, and 67 billion in the industry as a whole.
The city as a whole has a 17.5% share. In the future, we're judging the trend of low-pressure appliances that domestic firms continue to erode the market share of joint ventures. Cost, especially labour costs, is a great advantage for domestic firms over joint brands; policy is a national product.
Many of these include power grids and developers, consciously using national products in low-end areas under the guidance of the government, and the trend towards increasing procurement from medium- and high-end products; the channel is not only in the first and second-tier cities, but also in the third and fourth-line cities. We believe that low-voltage appliances, like domestic appliances, belong to the lower and middle-end systems.
Low-pressure appliances, because of the decentralized structure of their downstream customers, will be more powerful than medium- and high-pressure appliances, and Māori will improve when they fall upstream. On the other hand, the East Wu macro argues that the March pi ring is 0.3% higher than the March ring.
The monthly harvest was reduced by 0.3 percentage points, a three-month fall. Since March, commodity prices have split and, in terms of the Pmi raw materials purchase price index and the pirm ring ratio, upstream raw materials prices have gradually decreased, and the fractions have even declined.
cyclical opportunities will continue to improve the company’s Māori rate. The PV plate is slightly over-expected for 16 years, has a slight decline in the start of 17 years, and is supported by secure power station development. The PV block collects $7,443 million in 16 years, an increase of 36.77 per cent, and the Māori rate of 23.41 per cent, an increase of 2.46 percentage points.
The purchase of the new G-Team energy company issued a share price of up to $16.66 per share. Former shareholders committed to new energy sources in the early years, and many of the projects will have a marginal improvement in power station restrictions.
Incentives are awarded to a restricted stock of 17.27 million shares and a price of $10.59/share. This incentive is intended to target the incentives, and the conditions are more liberal. The amortization costs are $91 million in 17 years, $76 million in 18 years, and $15 million in 1919.
In the future, Thailand has developed a globalization strategy, a merger-purchase integration strategy, and a smart manufacturing strategy. Zhejiang Jung-tae New Energy Investment Ltd. effectively controls Mr. Yuzhmorgeologiya, who holds an indirect and direct share of the listed company totalling approximately 1,279 million shares, representing about 60 million% of the total stock. In 16 years, he proposed a “12345” strategy for a new phase of 2025.
Systemic. One development goal, built around the “one” goal, adhered to the “two” strategy, implemented the “three” strategy, built the “four” platform, built the “five” industry cluster.
Innovation-driven ideas remain consistent, people-centred and value-sharing culture is unwavering; globalization strategies, M & A strategies, smart manufacturing strategies: science, technology and innovation and industrial incubators, industry and civil goods networking platforms, investment and payments platforms, online and offline supply chain logistics platforms: smart electrical and high-end equipment, clean energy and new technologies
Materials, intelligent home and sensor technology, network of goods and a new generation of mobile technologies, financial services, and modern logistics. For the future: opportunities for globalization along the way + high-end manufacturing opportunities from industry . 24.92 billion yuan), taking into account the profits from the company’s cyclicality, combined with new energy and intelligent manufacturing.
There has been less than expected overseas development: companies have moved ahead with their new business than expected. 1. Low-pressure electrical patterns have been fragmented, benefiting from economic recovery.
Low voltage is mainly at the voltage level up to 1000v, with the highest application voltage level generally covered 220v single phase exchange power for civilian use and three-phase 380v power exchange power for electrical power, which is basically used at the end of the entire grid.
The main functions of the circuit breakers are to cut short circuit currents, the contacters act as separator and plug-in, the heat relays act as overprotective, and the three types of equipment are integrated by circuits.
Protection and control of power machines or circuits. The main low-pressure market size as a whole is around 70 billion, and the rate of growth has generally remained modest, mainly as a result of the 4 trillion-dollar outbreak of capital investment in 09; and the industry as a whole in 15 years.
The decline was mainly due to the down-swing in fixed asset investment, which dropped from 20 per cent to 10 per cent in the overall rate of growth in real estate and manufacturing from 14 to 10 per cent, and the current fixed asset investment, which halted the drop in the capital ppp pull-up + real estate recovery + manufacturing sector and increased overall fixed asset investment.
The low-pressure appliance industry, which is fully competitive and highly marketed, is now emerging.
There is a competitive pattern between foreign investors and domestic firms. Joint brands, such as Schneider, abb, Siemens, etc.: national production lines, such as Chang-tae, Delixi, custom switches, good faith, people, appliances, etc.: there are other regional enterprises that belong to low-end productive capacity.
From grass-roots research, we have the following findings on the pattern of the industry: domestic firms continue to erode the market share of joint ventures. In terms of costs, several joint branding lines are currently in the country, and localization has been achieved, from raw materials.
In terms of the size of the joint venture brand, the price of which may be more competitive, the greatest cost of the joint venture brand is the cost of people, including production and after-sale services, which can be roughly double the price difference between domestic and joint venture brands of relatively low-end products; policy is correct.
In support of national production, many of them now include electricity grids and developers, under the guidance of the government, consciously opting for national brands in low-end areas, with medium- and high-end products increasing the volume of purchases. We believe that low-voltage appliances are like domestic appliances.
Industry barriers to competition are channels and brands. Channel advantage is a key factor in the growth of domestic brands.
In view of the powerful distributors in the second- and third-line city, local distributors have the quickest response to after-sale services, and many joint venture brands are unable to do so.
The key role of the promotion is that Schneider and Delixie formed a joint venture to see the advantages of China’s Delixie. The decline of the real estate industry has led to a gradual clean-up of low-end production.
The mass requirements are higher, they belong to the upper-middle-end demand, and the real estate industry is civilian, relatively low-end demand. In China's real estate boom, many low-end productions emerge, and many regional businesses are created.
Poor management of business costs, low innovation capacity, and a retreat from the market after a major housing boom are good times for leading firms to take their share of the market, while low-end output has a stronger impact on prices.
Low voltage appliances benefit more from the decline in raw materials than high-voltage appliances, which are above medium- and high-voltage appliances in the first place, and lower-than-medium-voltage appliances in the second place because of the decentralized structure of downstream customers. The main downstreams of copper are electrical equipment, transformers, electricity.
Cables and low-pressure appliances have historically reacted differently to upstream raw materials. In the case of transformers, one can see a pulsed rise only at the end of the year, and then quickly leveled out, mainly because the transformer industry downstream, mainly a grid company, is a super-large single customer.
Suppliers have very low bargaining power on the grid and no ability to retain upstream price reductions. In contrast, in the low-pressure appliance industry, Māori in the industry has a clear negative correlation to copper prices, and when copper prices fall, Māori rises much more elastic than when copper rises, mainly.
The low-pressure appliance is a fragmented market, and the single price is lower, so the low-pressure appliance is very capable of negotiating downstream, as can be seen in the 50 percent rise in the cost of this wheel of copper, with only two to three points of Maori falling.
The company's deep-deep low-pressure appliances, the creation of a world brand, the addition of a strong industry, the use of a reduced method to make a larger enterprise, the use of an enhanced method to make a stronger industry. The use of a reduced method to make a larger enterprise.
It's a 30-year review of the development of the electrical system. It started with low-voltage appliances, starting with low-pressure, and then it's high-pressure, and it's made from the original widgets, and the whole product is made from electricity, from electricity, from electricity, to electricity, to electricity conversion, to distribution.
Electricity, power-based whole-chain equipment, through more than 30 years of specialized entrepreneurial innovation, has been able to produce this piece. It has been able to generate electricity, new energy sources, solar energy, and so on. It is now a power, new energy investment operator.
In the process of development, Jung-tae believes that it is only his own business, his own business, his own industry, his innovation, his research, his additions, his focus, many things to sum up. He's now the biggest guardian in the low-pressure electrical industry.
The city river is its own brand and its own sales channel, thanks to Jung-tae's focus on low-pressure appliances, anti-competitive Delixie's post-real estate, lost his share of the competition.
11.7 billion dollars in low-pressure electrical stores, 67 billion yuan in the industry as a whole, with 17.5 per cent of the city as a whole. The product lines of real-estate electrical appliances are long, the basic downstream coverage of fixed-asset investments is full-scale, 30-40 per cent of power sets are built-in, 30-40 per cent of industrial manufacturing and 20-30 per cent of real estate.
In '07, Shneider Tianjin won the low-pressure appliance patent, and the two parties reached a settlement within the global context, laying the foundations of the industry. One of the highlights of this lawsuit was that the two sides finally reached a global settlement agreement, which resolved the ongoing bickering claims.
The action, coupled with the creation of an early warning mechanism for communication, provides new ideas for the resolution of possible future disputes between the two sides, and helps to restore rationality and create a level playing field for competitors in the industry. The settlement agreement in this case does not represent a victory in this battle, but at least serves the purpose sought by both sides.
The Jeong-tae group offered 150 million multipolar compensations and ended several overseas lawsuits with new, practical patents that were about to expire. The fear of the future was temporarily cleared up for the purpose of a single-minded march into the international market: the Schneider Division avoided industrial conflict, offered economic compensation in exchange for the development prospects of our market and joined our country.
The second largest firm in the low-pressure electrical industry is on the same line, expanding the size of the company, gaining resilience from the historical recovery + the fall in copper prices — the company's performance has been largely twofold, and the demand for economic recovery has been driven + the fall in copper prices.
Māori's improvement. We think both have reached a turning point, starting with a recovery in the second half of 16 years, and historically, positive Thai performance will be released in the six months to one year after the recovery, and markets tend to think it's a simple post-real estate cycle.
It also benefits from an investment in fixed assets as a whole, including the expansion of capacity in infrastructure and industry brought about by ppp. The long-term decline in real estate does not affect positive downstreams, and we split them down here. It's the most cyclical enterprise in the new energy source of electricity.
Changes in the company’s history show that the company’s management is always improving, that the poles are falling, that the profit margin is growing rapidly after the recovery and the fall in copper prices. The company is now re-entering the roe, which is a phased low position, as the economy recovers and copper prices fall.
On the other hand, the Goro thinks that the ring ratio rose by 0.3% in March, which is a smaller 0.3 percentage point from last month, and that the increase has fallen for three months.
Prices are divided, and the price of raw materials from the pmi to the pirm price index and the pirm ring ratio are gradually decreasing, in part or even declining. The market is expected to see a drop in the pi ring ratio in April, declaring the end of the current round of the replenishment economy cycle, which is upstream for medium-sized manufacturing.
We think that while different commodities will have their own cycles, they will be in the same direction, with copper prices likely to be seen in the second quarter or in the second half of the year.
The biggest advantage of low-pressure appliances and photovoltaics is that there are already network agents in the country.
At the Hanover Industrial Exhibition, 15 years ago, he planned an ambitious blueprint for the year 2020 for overseas revenues of 40%. Indeed, a few years later, he was operating abroad at a rate of 20% per year.
At the same time, Māori rates are currently at 35% as they are in the country. From the early 1990’s, when he opened overseas markets, he took part for the first time in the meeting.
The first export order was obtained, opening the first page in the history of the foreign trade exports of Jeonghai. So far, Jeonghai's overseas development record has been remarkable – accelerating the expansion of overseas markets and working with international production capacity. At present, Thailand has three major global R & D centres, five major international marketing areas, 14 international affiliates, and 22 international affiliates.
The International Logistics Centre, which provides products and services to more than 130 countries and territories, has been actively pursuing its branding strategy in overseas locations, using a global marketing system to open up overseas markets. Over the years, Thailand has been working on two major brands: "chint" and "noark" and captures them.
The opportunity of the European financial crisis has been to steadily increase market ownership and gradually increase brand influence. In marketing, changing the pattern of sales that used to rely mainly on foreign distributors, agents, global marketing subsidiaries and logistics bases, foreign “localization” strategies, and off-the-shelf recruitment
At the same time, he is constantly innovating business models and “gos out” through the sale of services through investment packages. At present, he is no longer simply a “sale of goods” but a “sale of services” model, such as the “keys” project for the pepc packages, the charge for running power plants, etc.
Figure 15: Gen-Thai Global Layout 3. Photovoltaic assets injected into enhanced performance.
On 28 December 2016, the company issued shares for 85.40 per cent of Zhejiang Jung-tae New Energy Development Co. Ltd., Lok-chung Investment Co. Ltd., and Loong-chung Hsing.
From this issue, the listed company will hold 99.44% of the share in the new energy development in Japan, which was one of the first companies to enter into a photovoltaic plant in the industry.
i. Self-invested in the development of photovoltaic power stations: currently engaged mainly in the development, construction, operation, production and sale of PV stations, both domestic and foreign, and in the production and sale of PV assemblies.
The size of the photovoltaic power station for the new energy source in Thailand is among the highest in the country. The cost of integrated power plant development and the rate of return on investment are industry leaders. Currently, the new energy development in Thailand and its affiliates have built 1133mw grids (835mw in the country, distributed domestically).
202mw, overseas 96mw), participating companies have built and networked 313mw, more than 1gw (of which 750mw is a portfolio investment project) is under construction and a strategic agreement has been signed to plan more than 4gw. At the same time, the new energy development in Thailand has 700mw.
Solar cell cell energy, 1300mw solar component capacity, with 300mw solar component capacity in Germany.
In February 17, the new shares were issued with a Chinese license on February 22, 2017.