q1 growth is robust, telecommunications is resonant, and on the 27th of April, 2020, good performance is on track.
Research assistant Yao Jiuhua  incident: 24 April. Mid-Kinji published the annual report for 2019 and performance for 2020 °1. Business income of $4.758 billion was achieved in 2019, a 7.73 per cent decrease in comparison.
Business revenue was $1,327 million, an increase of 51.44% over the previous year’s year. After deflating inventory effects, performance rose seasonally: downstream cloud producers’ capital spending slowed and global inventory movements affected by mid-2019’s downfall, but continued to rise on a straight-on-season basis.
After the impact subsides, companies grow robustly and actively to control the global epidemic, affecting production and operations  new infrastructure and the need for the accelerated “digital + telecommunications” light module for the epidemic, with a calmer industry landscape: the rapid flow of the new global crown epidemic, the high demand for 5g, Idc and cloud computing, and the strong demand for authority.
The frequency of sound is a "new capital" that brings a catalyst to the market for light modules. The 5g technology and data hub network architecture has been upgraded, leading to an upgrade in the demand for light modules, a steady 100g demand, and an orderly 400g. We anticipate that the impact of the overseas epidemic will have limited impact on the construction of the b end and data centres.
The recovery of the epidemic in the country will facilitate the follow-up of the delivery process, and the overall industrial landscape will be raised on a quarterly basis, as will the acquisition of the capital and the improvement of the telecommunications layout to raise the market share: on April 17, 2020, the company signed an agreement on the transfer of shares of the Chengdu storage technology company Ltd.
It is proposed that 83 traders, including Wang Yong, be paid $384 million in cash to purchase their combined holdings of 67.19% of the stockholding technology. After this transaction is completed, the strategy will be completed with medium- and low-end production capacity, completion of the good industry chain layout, and contribution to the creation of a digital telecommunications double-head.
Integration will help strengthen the firm's core competitiveness, create synergies for future business performance High profitability, 400g overseas and domestic accelerated research and development of high-end products, and strive for continued leadership in industry: companies continue to grow.
The new infrastructure is both driven and continuously looking forward to the future, and the research and development investment has accelerated the development of high-end products such as 800g light module, 400g silicon chip, and associated light module, based on the expansion of production capacity. We believe that the company has solidified and expanded its core.
High Performance 2020-04-10 technology to ensure close alignment with industry needs and to maintain a ahead-of-the-curve advantage in fast-changing industries provides strong support for sustained rapid growth in business performance in the future.
A steady upturn in performance, a positive light module, a steady upturn, telecommunications two-round forecast and rating: a steady increase in future performance in the middle-and-down scenario, projected
Driving Performance Steaming 2020-02-23, acquired into a capital reserve, improved the telecommunications market, expected: RMB exchange rate volatility risk: there is a potential for further escalation of trade friction between China and the United States.
On 24 April, Mid-Sud announced its annual report for 2019 and its q1 performance for 2020, with its operations operational in 2019, following a slowdown in capital spending and de-stocking.
Revenues of $4.758 billion, a decrease of 7.73 per cent in the same year, net profits attributable to shareholders in parent companies of $513 million, compared with 51.44 per cent increase in the previous year, net profits attributable to shareholders in parent companies of $154 million, a decrease in operating income in 2019 compared to the same period in the previous year, mainly due to a slowdown in spending by some clients, de-stocking, etc.
Ministry factors influence that corporate sales earnings and net profits fall back over the same period last year. The downside effect was more pronounced at the beginning of the year, with the company further optimizing its business layout and risk resistance after the second quarter: at the same time, it benefited from 100g product demand warming, 400g product growth, and 5g production.
Corporate sales revenue and net profits have recovered steadily over the quarter, for example, through bulk delivery. Figure 3: Mid-to-Smart gross operating income and ring growth rates, resulting in a decline in light module operations due to a slowdown in client spending.
A market line and an internal management upgrade led to a significant increase in the major spare parts component. In 2019, the domestic market achieved business income of $1.302 billion, a decline of 3.46 per cent, or 27 per cent, in the same year, and an operating income of $3.456 billion, a decline of 9.24 per cent, or 73 per cent, in the same period, in the international market.
1.2. Three major costs incurred in 2019, with a small increase of 8.38 per cent compared to $275 million in management costs; and sales figure 6: three cost lines for middle-rises
1.3. Operating profitability and cash flow stabilized since 2018 q2 operating conditions were gradually restored, net cash flows from operating activities improved significantly, net cash flows from operating activities were realized in 2019 at $569 million, yielding a gain of $0.73 per share.
The vote, the implementation of the capital stock transfer in June 2019 and the decrease in the net profits of the company on a year-on-year basis, led to the completion of the major asset restructuring in 2017, which resulted in a more or less stable profit-to-cash ratio of middle-class business ventures, a stable Māori rate of around 27 per cent and a control over the cash-to-income ratio of 100 per cent.
In 2019, the investment in research and development was $446 million, an increase of 31.26 per cent over the previous year. Since the restructuring in 2017, companies have focused continuously on research and development capabilities, and the share of research and development investment has steadily increased, reaching 9.37 per cent by the end of 2019.
In 2019, there were 561 researchers, an increase of 9.6 per cent over the previous year’s figure, and 16.27 per cent. To improve the competitiveness of corporate products, firms gradually increased their R & D inputs and managed R & D projects on a case-by-case basis in the system.
To accelerate the pace of research and development of new products and to provide a comprehensive new generation of products: Intermediary continues to invest more in research and development and to accelerate the pace of research and development of new products in the next generation, in terms of the number of products, silicon light and relatedity. The main results include: completion of pre-research of 800g light modules; optimization, improvement and projection of 400g silicon chip processes; 100g, 200g
The project is progressing well, ensuring that production capacity continues to improve: Xinjiang, Suzhou, has successfully advanced the construction of the 400g light communication module development production project, and the Ensign copper masonry garden construction project.
Delivery capacity, market competitiveness and productive efficiency play an important role.
The company has a management team with an average manufacturing management experience of more than 10 years and an average of more than 8 years of light communication, and has established an effective personnel training and certification system. At the same time, it has created a well-developed product production plan (pmp) and a production operations guide (moi), a cleaner production environment with 100,000-degree cleaner rooms and automated production lines.
Effective production workshop management system, process control, ensuring traceability, quality control and automated processing of test data.
From the system certification of third-party professional institutions, to the conduct of client satisfaction surveys, the introduction of scar for vendor management, the development of guidance and training systems for production operations, the strengthening of quality management through the establishment of a traceability system, and the promotion of wide recognition of the quality of the company ' s products by industry manufacturers, the best products of the annual data centre, China
At the same time, because of the size of production and supply capacity at the forefront of the industry, the advantage of size significantly increases the ability of companies to take up large orders while effectively reducing the cost of manufacturing and purchasing. Strong support is provided for continued market competitiveness.
2.3.3 The leading R & D and innovation capabilities. In the context of sustainable innovation, S.I.T. has a team of experts in the field, as well as good national and international technology and market personnel. The team is based on the creation of high-speed, internationally competitive light through autonomous technological innovation.
Research and development, design and manufacture of communication modules. Suzhou Xu is a member of the iee light communication module ofp Business Union and ieee802.3.andituq2forponconversion, member of the international industry organization 25 gethernet and 50 gconsortium Union of Industries, ccsa China Communications Standardization Association transmission network
Members of the tc6-lightware wg4 working group, as well as members of the Board of Directors of the China Electronics PVC and PV Association, have long been committed to promoting industrial technology through continuous innovation. 3. The acquisition of storage technology is nearing completion, and the market for telecommunications in the layout is becoming more competitive.
3.1. The consolidation of the acquisitions will result in a significant and sustained increase in performance. On the evening of April 17, the relevant shareholders of the Sino-Kindaw Technology Company Ltd. signed the Agreement on the Transfer of Stock in Chengdu-Khan Technology Co. Ltd., to be paid in cash of $384.45 million to 83 members of Wang Yong et al.
Affordable parties buy 67.19 per cent of their total holdings of storage technology, which has a more competitive advantage in the design, containment and production of optical appliances, autonomous development of automated production platforms and equipment, applications and extension, including low-speed production in the series of triplexer, olt, nonu, etc.
In 2017, the storage of Hambosa was fully automated and the production line was put into operation, the cost of manpower in enterprises was reduced and production capacity was rising. 3.2. Expanding the telecommunications market customers to complement low- and medium-end products and industrial chain layouts
This acquisition has strategically complemented low- and medium-end productive capacity. From a market perspective, more than 95 per cent of Chengdu's reserves are domestic sales, covering such major equipment dealers as China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, Pakistan, and China.
As a major customer resource for a segmented industry that brings the telecommunications market to mid-sized Xinjiang, it is hoped that it will lead to rapid growth into a two-pronged telecommunications tap. 4. New capital supports the development of 5g and data centres, stimulating demand for light modules.
4.1. In 2019, middle-rises achieved a revenue of $4,758 million, a 7.73 per cent decline compared to the previous year, but with 100 g light modules required gradual warming and 400 g continued to deliver, the company ' s third and fourth quarter performance steadily increased over the first half of the year.
In the first quarter of 2020, the company earned 1,327 million yuan, an increase of 51.44% in the same year, and operating profits increased in the same year. 48.26%, which is evident from the limited impact of the epidemic on the company’s operations, the increase in the flow helped the company’s performance to improve.
Control measures protect the company’s interests and the safety of its employees, organize and restore production in an orderly manner, minimize the impact of the epidemic on the company’s production, and achieve a significant increase in its performance of 2020q1. At the same time, the demand for public services continues to rise as a result of the epidemic, leading the data centre to develop and facilitate the company’s light module operations.
New infrastructure drives 5g, data centre demand, digital telecommunication light module market double pull, information traffic will grow explosively, cloud computing and big data applications will also drive the accelerated construction of mega-data centres around the world, and will jointly drive the replacement of light module technology as it evolves into a full-scale 5g network age.
The 400g light module became the new technology requirement for data centres: 5g was the age of a big explosion in data flows, and the network architecture within the data centres was upgraded, such as a two-tier ridge configuration for flattening and intelligent flow scenarios, which triggered the core network of data centres into the 400g age.
The only single product with a global leader is 400g single-model product, which accounts for half of the world’s market share, and companies, with excellent delivery capacity, are well ahead of the market. High-threshold Māori provides security for future growth in middle-rises.
The 5g base station will have a density of about three times that of the 4g era due to a high frequency decline. Moreover, the 5g carrying access grid has evolved from the "bbu+rru" two-tier structure of the 4g period to "cu+du+aau" and the double increase in base and access points means an increase in demand for light modules.
The 5g pre-lighting module, which is now being rolled out by Intermediary, has been validated and is now entering the official volume production phase, and the photo module certification of the transmission and re-transmission components has successfully advanced to the point where it has gone further in the development of telecommunications operations. Currently, the 5g pre-lighting network is dominated by 25g-light modules, either in the middle or 50gpam4, and will be used.
100g/200g/400g dry light module, with a higher price relative to 4g product, and a wider market space. idc market prospects are wide and demand for light modules is increasing: by 2020, IR consultants expect the megadata centre to account for the total number of data centre servers
Forty-seven per cent, 68 per cent of the capacity to calculate data, 57 per cent of data storage and 53 per cent of data transfer. The data centre's high profile is expected to yield substantial benefits to upstream equipment providers, and companies continue to take advantage of the advantages of PV system integration and continue to lead the industry through sustained investment in core technology.
5. Profit forecasting and rating of 5g industry is not as fast as expected, and networking is not as fast as expected.
The development of the relevant technology has not progressed as expected.