The growth of the main business was strong, and the process of market expansion abroad was remarkable — the report of the incident review of the company, Sumi Shanghai, released its semi-annual report for 2024: the company became operational in the first half of 2024.
The year-on-year growth was significant, with the q2 Māori rate, the net interest rate ring ratio crossing over the company ' s sales revenue of 2,404 million yuan in the first half of 2024, which increased the same year, product rotation upgrades and new breakthroughs, and the smooth delivery of 4,000 cavities of wet-technology equipment;
In May, the company launched a frame-crystal cleaning facility for advanced encapsulation.
The company's revenue from cleaning equipment sales has increased more strongly, and in 2024 the revenue from cleaning equipment is expected to remain at about 70 per cent, so that the company's cleaning equipment can be covered at this stage.
In addition to cleaning equipment, the share of copper plating and furnaces in 2024 is expected to be around 20%, while the share of advanced envelopes and other rear lanes in preparation is expected to be around 10%.
In 2024, there will be two to three clients, while the company's terminal research laboratory will be operational in May-June, which will accelerate the development of pecvd, cleaning equipment, and stove equipment.
The product will be launched at the end of the year, with a higher output structure designed to be applied to the Krf process, with back-cleaning techniques, and the leaching arfi process will be rolled out simultaneously.
The U.S. market is expanding the US and Korea, and differential equipment is favoured, and the company has completed the first customer validation of the saps cleaning equipment in the US.
The company is now focusing on a number of customers in the United States, and the diversion of cleaning equipment has been favoured by American customers; second, the company's advanced containment equipment is also expanding to the United States and Korean markets.
The plant has been certified, and the standards for receiving and inspection of the Hercules Tinless Plant and the Korean native plant have been consolidated, without double certification, to be followed by expansion at the Korean native plant. No, the company will be doing a full-scale layout in Korea to push the differentiated product towards Korea.
In the future, companies will be able to build on the competitive advantages of differentiated equipment and actively expand their overseas markets, and the share of overseas markets is expected to increase continuously. The risk is that downstream demand will fall short of expectations.
• Presentation by the Electronic Communications Group: Mao Jianxian University Masters in Materials, three years of American semiconductor listing experience, participation in the global lead semiconductor advanced process project, five years of experience in commodity securities research, and employment in 2018-2020
Ko Yong-hoon: Dr. Physics from the University of Gangdan, who worked in China as Technology Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate, Luzhoyang: Master of Arts from the National University of Australia, who worked in Fangzheng Securities, four years of experience in research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.