Biannual review in 2024: significant improvement in q2 profitability, hbm expected to bring a new momentum for performance growth
Won, equal to +49.3 per cent, largely benefiting from the continued strong demand for equipment in the semiconductor industry in China. Companies have been able to achieve significant results in the expansion of new customers and the development of new markets through diversification of core technologies and products.
435 million yuan, +6.9 per cent of the same year, q2 returns 1,483 million yuan, +49.1 per cent of the same year and +61 per cent of the ring;
The share of high-value Māori products has increased.  Contract liabilities have been equal, and cash flows from operating activities have increased: as of the end of 2024q2, corporate contracts were negative, there were sufficient hand orders, and the company’s products had a significant impact on the expansion of new clients.
Cash flows from sexual activities amounted to $602 million, compared with +966 per cent, mainly due to an increase in sales returns over the previous period, as well as an increase in the current period ' s advance payments due to an increase in sales orders.
In order to: 1) make visible progress in the expansion of the company ' s domestic and foreign market operations and obtain multiple orders; 2) gradually obtain client approval for the company ' s semiconductor products, which boosts income growth; 3) continue to warm up the semiconductor sector, Sumi Shanghai (688082): 3-quarter 2023
National market demand is higher than expected; 4) companies optimize supply chain management to ensure the smooth execution of orders. Queries: new products are rapidly industrialized, sales are made to benefit from high demand for hbm, and company cleaning, plating products are expected to rise: tsv (silicon)
Pulse technology is the hbm core process, at a cost of nearly 30%, and demand increases the company’s cleaning of plating products to bring about new growth. Currently, company-wide wet cleaning equipment and copper plating equipment can be used in the hbm process: saps megasonic single-polywashing equipment can be used for deep-hole cleaning in Tsv; multi-yangt level electricity
Copper-plating equipment can be used for copper-plating in tsv. In the future, we will benefit from a larger model of data-calculation that increases, and the hbm market will become a new growth point for companies, leading to higher demand for their core products.
The three major financial forecasting tables in Shanghai, Seong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., have been certified as securities investment consulting operations with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.