Net interest rates exceeded expectations, product portfolio optimization was significant. On 7 August, the company disclosed its semi-annual report for 2024, with 24h1 achieving a profit margin of +49.33 per cent over the year. This was mainly due to the continued demand for equipment in the semiconductor industry in China.
In a boom, companies, with the advantages of core technology and product diversification, have achieved significant gains in new client growth and new market development, raising overall revenue. 24h1 companies have achieved a net return of $443 million, or 0.85 per cent; and Māori has achieved a rate of 50.68 per cent, with net interest rates.
Increases in staff growth and in the payment of shares recognized in restricted shares awarded to employees, respectively acm for shares included in sales/management/research and development costs
Research, which will be maintained at around 70 per cent, and copper plating and piped equipment, which will be displayed, have been successfully achieved through enhanced partnerships with existing clients and the development of new customers
A number of important orders, which provide a solid basis for the year’s operating income. Second, the company’s new product is gradually gaining customer approval in the semiconductor sector, which promotes increased sales and receipts. In addition, the global semiconductor sector continues to warm, especially in China’s domestic market.
Demand is higher than expected, prompting higher demand for corporate products. Finally, through optimized supply chain management and improved productivity, the efficiency of the company ' s operations was enhanced, ensuring that the billions were set, and the increase was mainly due to higher sales returns than in the previous period, as well as an increase in sales orders.
The company’s port base will also release production capacity to support the delivery of orders. Copper interconnection plating equipment has broken through the international monopoly and a whole series of new plating equipment stocks.
Growing. Corporate copper interconnection electroplating equipment that breaks the international monopoly and can be used for dual-mass copper interconnected structure copper electrochemical deposition processes: 55 nm to 7 nm and above; advanced encapsulation, rewiring, silicon perforation, electrochemical plating of the process, nickel, nickel, nickel, nickel, nickel.
Tin, silver, gold, etc. In the context of the project, the company is planning to invest $600 million in semiconductor plating equipment, which has accumulated $399 million in specific applications of plating equipment, including 1) copper interplating in the front Damascus: logic and storage products, 3d structure
Products such as finfet, dram and 3dnand, as well as metal lines such as new and future nano and quantum devices, are interconnected. 2) 3D stacked plating equipment: 3dtsv and 2.5d inteposer process with depth-wide as opposed to deep-hole copper plating process in the back lane. 3) Advanced encapsulation power
plating equipment: advanced containment of copper, nickel, tin, silver, gold, etc. plating processes in pillarbump, rdl, hdfan-out and tsv. 4) new compound semiconductor plating ready: sic, gan third generation semiconductor and other compounds semiconductor layer deposition;
The needles optimize the deep-hole plating process, which solves the problem of the customer's response to the gold membrane, the deep-hole plating of gold and the plating of metals such as cú, ni, snag.
The global market for semiconductor plating equipment is expected to grow from $4 billion in 23 years to $6.1 billion in 30 years; the front-track copper plating/back-track advanced containment area accounts for 36-64%, respectively.
Starting in the second half of 23 years, Tsv plating equipment orders started and are expected to maintain high market demand for 24 years.
Risk: Downstream expansion does not meet the expected risk. Data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable, currently publicly available information, and, through independent judgement and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity and fairness. The findings of the report are not shared by other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific clients.