U.S.S. Shanghai (688082.sh) Electronic semiconductor equipment iii. Upgraded year-round forecast, platform building was successful
On August 7, 2024, Shenhua-Shanghai released its semi-annual report for 2024. *24h1 performance has grown steadily, with a year-round upward recovery forecast benefiting from the continued high demand for equipment in China’s semiconductor industry, coupled with a diversification of the company’s own core technology and products.
In addition, the company has achieved significant results in the expansion of new customers and the development of new markets, and the new product has gradually been recognized by its customers. 24h1 has achieved a revenue of $2,404 million, an increase of 49.33 per cent, compared to the 49.33 per cent; the return to the mother has a net profit of $443 million, compared to the same amount.
This represents an increase of 0.85 per cent; net profit excluding non-return to the mother is $435 million, representing an increase of 6.92 per cent in the same year; gross profit returning to the mother is 50.68 per cent, compared with $363 million, corresponding to an increase of 17.66 per cent and ring increasing by 352.71 per cent; net profit excluding non-return to the mother is reduced by a percentage point, an increase of 7.07 percentage points.
The main reasons for the upward adjustment are: 1) significant progress has been made in the expansion of the company’s operations in both domestic and foreign markets, with many important orders successfully obtained; 2) new products are gradually gaining customer approval; 3) the global semiconductor sector continues to warm up, especially as Chinese market demand exceeds expectations: 4) companies secure orders by optimizing supply chain management and improving production efficiency
The company's main products are semiconductor cleaning equipment, semiconductor plating equipment, stereocooling equipment and advanced encapsulation wet.
In 2024, the company expects to collect about 70%, 20%, and 10% of cleaning equipment, copper plating and furnaces, advanced envelopes, and other back-track equipment.
The company's high-temperature spm equipment has made a major technological breakthrough and has an independent global intellectual property right to become the second global supplier; the company expects the spm to be the second global supplier.
The potential market size of the equipment accounts for 25-30% of the total front-track cleaning market. The company's cleaning and copper-plating equipment is now based in Shanghai.
The ultrapmaxTM plasma enhances chemical deposition (pecvd) is about to deliver its first pecvd device to an integrated circuit customer in China.
So, in 2024, the harvest is expected to continue to grow, produce more, and ultralith, two brand-new product lines that will allow companies to service the global market.
In July 2024, the company launched an ultracvac-p negative-pressure cleaning facility for fan panel-level covers.
The device uses negative pressure to remove welding residues from the chip structure, which significantly improves the efficiency of cleaning - a successful market for high-growth fan panel seals for the American semiconductor. The company states that a Chinese Chinese company, Semami Shanghai: front/back lane/bottom-up platform-made layouts, has been able to create a large number of micro-platforms in China.
Large semiconductor manufacturers have ordered ultracvac-p panel-level negative cleaning equipment and have arrived in July.
Household globalization has significantly benefited from the continued expansion of downstream customer capacity. Continuously recommended and maintained “uptake-a” ratings. Industrialized risks, market competition, increased risks, systemic risks, etc.