q1 Profits are growing brightly, and new products are on the market: A quarterly report in 2024 was issued by Skyfare, 1,222 million yuan was collected by 2024q1 companies, Skybasket organisms (600161.sh)
The 24q1 net return profit increased by 20.91% over the year, and the overall cost control was relatively robust. According to company \triangleright, operating income was lower in the first quarter of 2024 than in the same period of the previous year, due to sales volume
(b) Reductions; net return on return increased by 20.91 per cent on a year-on-year basis due to factors such as product prices, cost control, etc. At the cost end, Māori rates and net interest rates increased on a year-on-year basis in the first quarter of 2024, sales costs decreased on a year-on-year basis, R&D and management costs increased on a year-on-year basis, and overall cost controls were more robust.
One new single plasma station in 24q1 was certified, and the number of plasma stations and the size of the plasma collection remained the country’s \triangleright lead. In the first quarter of 2024, the single plasma collection station was licensed.
Practice No.: s15005230050001 2023, with a total of 102 single plasma stations, with 80 single plasma stations and 2,415 tons of plasma collected in 2023, about the total volume of the domestic industry.
At 20%, the number of slurry stations and the size of plasma collection remain at the forefront of the country. In 2023, proteins and stubs grew faster, and new products will be industrialized in 2024.
The annual report 2023, in 2023, the company stepped up its marketing efforts, increasing the sales of blood products by 15.21 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and by 19.69 per cent on a year-on-year basis, as a result of an increase in plasma production and the acceleration of the blood bank.
17.88%; RMB 2,319 million for PPI products, a year-on-year increase 2024, companies intensified pre-clinical research and evaluation, strengthened clinical trial operation and quality risk management and integration with production research, promoted the industrialization of new products, and enhanced quality management to ensure self-sufficiency
The rate of clearance and approval is 100 per cent and the rate of product collection is stabilized. Profit forecast: we expect the planetary organisms to collect 35/30/25x in 2024-2026, respectively.
Risk factors: policy risk, single-smoking plasma station regulatory risk, market competition risk, product research and development
Pedagogic No. 1 West Side Street, Beijing. Market Commissioner, with excellent background in pharmaceutical chemistry and experience in operating the pharmaceutical market, formerly employed in Guang Shui Ying, team member, Master of Pharmacology, Shanghai Transport University. Clinical co-ed at ppcjam and Parexel.
Worked in 2021 to join the Sinda securities, responsible for research in the cxo industry, in December to study the scientific services and small molecular innovation medicine industry, and in April 2022 to study the Chinese medicine and biological products plate industry.
Sheng Zhao, member of the team, Bachelor of Arts in Biotechnology, Shanghai Transport University, Master of Information Management, Carnegie Mellon University, two years of experience in securities, joined the Sinda Securities in 2022, and was responsible for research in the fields of medical equipment, medical equipment, ai medicine, digital medicine, etc.
Cao Jialine, member of the team, Master of Quantities in Economics at the Rimnan College of Nakayama University, two years of research in the pharmaceutical biology industry, worked on the Fangzheng securities, joined the Sindam securities in 2023 and was responsible for research in the fields of medical equipment, in vitro diagnosis, icl, etc.
Zhang Jong-tao, a member of the team, Master of International Investment Finance from the University of the South, one year of research in the pharmaceutical bio-industry, cpa (specialized in industry), formerly employed in Fangzheng securities, joined in 2023 in Sindha securities, covering mainly Chinese medicine, pharmaceutical commerce & medicine, joined in Sinda securities, and was responsible for research on innovative drug plates.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.