The reported performance was in line with expectations, with the “triple” strategy building long-term competitiveness event: the company published its semi-annual report in 2022, which generated income of $4072 million in the first half of the year, with a sharp fall in its income and performance in the first half of the year as a result of repeated effects of the industry’s down-cycle + the new crown.
In terms of goods: 1) Mining revenues of $16.738 billion, a decrease of 35.64% from the previous year, Māori rates are the company’s number one strategy, and companies are actively moving forward with the transformation. In the first half of 2022, public workers, 3 1x1 (60031), "Performance short-term pressure."
The Division has advanced the construction of 28 lighthouse plants, which together have achieved the completion of 18 lighthouse plants, and has seen the company ' s digitalization + electricization + long internationalization, with a significant reduction in costs; breaking through the nine core critical technologies of the process, such as no-man ' s feed, in the first half of 2022.
During the year 2022/05/04, 18 key technology breakthroughs were achieved, 6 of which were industry-initiated; in smart driving, 3 1-heavy jobs (600031).
Smart operations, smart services and so on have achieved remarkable technological results, while at the same time actively setting up and looking at smartness, electrodynamics, internationalization strategies, interactive marketing of ecological and landscape work solutions for users.
The company continues to update its electrical products, and currently has the power cranes for sale, section 12, the electric mixer, section 28, the electric excavator, section 9, the electric loader, section 2.
In the first six months of the year, the company's first electric mixer was certified and sold to Germany, and the first electric mixer was made to sea:
At the same time, the first 80 tons of electric track cranes were sold to Europe. Internationalization strategies worked well, with high growth in sales.
Income from international sales increased by 40.2 per cent by 13.488 billion yuan; international revenue as a percentage of operating income: $3.963 billion in machinery, an increase of 9.2 per cent in the same year; 2,386 million in crane machinery, a decrease of 5 per cent in the same year; 2,629 million in other products, such as plant and machinery, an increase of 107.5 per cent in the same year.
The reported performance was consistent with expectations, with the “triple” strategy of long-term competitiveness, the fast-growing market share of the ball, close to 8 per cent of the overseas market, 1.3 percentage points higher than the 2021 year-round, 40 per cent of the combined two-brand market of concrete pumps and tracked cranes.
The share of overseas markets was out of 30%, and the share of the industry was first; the share of exports from blending vehicles, concrete blending stations rose rapidly. The reported performance was in line with expectations, and the “triple” strategy built long-term competitiveness.
The reported performance is in line with expectations, with the “triple” strategy building a long-term competitive field of industrial research and research on industrial chains, especially robotics and automation-related plates. Eight years in the financial sector, with representatives including Robot Trends.
In July 2019, the Centre joined the Pacific Stock Exchange in an effort to study the volatility of the industry and to find certainty.
I'm good at combining the industry, digging up investment opportunities from the bottom.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.