Six years from now, the incentive program is clear at the bottom of the excavator phase, and the company issues a draft 2022 restricted equity incentive program. This incentive scheme is intended to award \triangleright to the incentive audience.
Sub-equity incentives are awarded at a price of $9.66 per share for 145 persons, including senior managers, such as the Director of the Department, and core technicians.
Almost six years later, restrictive stock incentives. The company has been listed three times to date with restricted shares \triangleright votes, starting with the draft, in November 2012, October 2016 and this time.
The downward pressure on sales has been gradually reduced, with 2016 being the beginning of the start of the current dredging week, which can now also be seen as the first full year of the same drop in the top of the current dredging cycle, and the continued downward pressure from the stock cycle, which may be an important starting point for the company's current restrictive stock incentive programme.
The bottom of the excavator phase is becoming clear. The high point in the current cycle of the excavator was in April 2021. \triangleright 2021m5 has begun to roll, so 2022m6 began to sell the excavators in the same proportion.
And the epidemic affected construction in the first half of the year, and, in a context of steady growth, the probability of building capacity is high, with more work expected to be concentrated in the second half of the year, and the possibility of intensive work on the project.
2. The " human machine " trio (600031) 2021 will generate demand for new excavators, and will see a positive increase in the sales of excavators on a year-on-year basis.
Digitalization, electricization, and internationalization continue to advance. In 2021, the company pushed forward the construction of 22 lighthouse plants with an optimal growth curve \triangleright
3. Three-time jobs (600031) Annual report: Quality of operation. Cumulatively, 14 lighthouse plants have been completed, 70 per cent upgraded, manufacturing cycles reduced by 50 per cent, process improvements sustained and global competitiveness continuously improved
The overall automation rate has increased significantly, with the Beijing Jig Plant successfully elected to the World Economic Forum in September 2021. 4.3 1 1st heavy worker mid-2020 rating: industry landscape, new edition of the global list of lighthouses in the manufacturing sector, becoming the first certified lighthouse in the world ' s heavy industry.
In 2021, the company sold thousands of electric engineering vehicles for nearly $1 billion.
In 2021, positive developments in internationalization took place, with companies achieving international sales revenue of 248.46 Strategic opportunities. Billions of dollars, a significant increase of 76.16 per cent over the previous year, excluding international sales revenue of Patesmeister of $19.22 billion.
\triangleright \triangleright Research conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.