As a result of the decline in performance in the fourth quarter of 2021, the mother's profit was lost.
The main reason for this is the decline in the Māori ratio of products and the increase in the cost of research and marketing.
41,75 billion, or 11.25 per cent more than the previous year, and for the first time, the volume of excavator sales has broken 100 thousand levels, rising continuously at the top of the 11-year domestic market list; concrete machinery (+27 ff.)
The heavy machinery industry now earns $21,859 million, an increase of 12.62 per cent, with cars starting, heavy and medium-sized cranes breaking 31 per cent and 40 per cent of the market, companies continuing to press charges, making real business revenue of $20.3 billion, down 39.76 per cent, and now it's clean.
The 26 excavators produced 1,43094, a 36.1 per cent decline in sales compared to the previous month, and the 39.1 per cent decline in Tri-Pilot Limited from January to May. We anticipate a low rate of real estate start-up.
The second half of the year is going to be easier, and capital investment will continue, and engineering needs are expected to be restored, and corporate performance will be better in the larger context of steady growth than in the first half of the year. As the firm’s absolute leader in the domestic excavation of machinery, though short-term domestic engineering requirements.
Slip, but the company insists on pursuing its strategy of “two new triads”, increasing the development of new technologies for new products, moving all the way to intelligence, electric and internationalization, and the company's current process of electro-dynamic and internationalization at the top of its ranks, with short-term expectations of falling domestic demand, and medium-term prospects of becoming the next.
The important points of growth are the long-term growth of the company, with the market standing at 20 times the year, with a 27.7 per cent rise in current prices and maintaining a buy-in rating. Data source: company data, first Shanghai prediction.
Source: Bloomberg First Shanghai Certificates Ltd. Data source: Company Data, First Shanghai Prediction
First Shanghai Certificate Co. Ltd. July 2022, First Shanghai Certificate Co. Ltd.
This report is compiled by the First Shanghai Certificates Limited (“Shanghai I”) and is intended for general scrutiny by investors in the institution.
No material, content or copy shall be copied, extracted, quoted, altered, transferred, transferred or distributed in any way to any other person. The data, tools and materials contained in this report are provided only for reference purposes to the Cabinet, and are not intended to be sold or bought or accepted, or to be invited to make an offer or to make an offer.
This report contains information and opinions from sources considered reliable by Shanghai I, but the fairness, accuracy, integrity, and integrity of the projections, observations, and expectations contained in this report.
Sexuality or correctness does not imply any explicit or implied statement or assurance. The directors, directors, employees, employees or agents of the first Shanghai or their respective agencies are not liable for using this report or its contents or for any loss or loss associated with it. The accuracy, fairness, integrity or correctness of the information contained in this report cannot be made to make any other report or report or investment strategy that may or have, in relation to the report, been submitted by the first Shanghai or one or more of its affiliates, inconsistent or divergent.
The first Shanghai is not a registered agent-trader under the US Certificates Act (the 1934 Securities Act) or other related state government laws. And the first Shanghai is not the US Investment Advisory Act (hereinafter referred to as the Investment Consultancy Act), and the Investment Counseling Act of 1934.
In the absence of a special exemption from the relevant legislation, any financial and investment consulting services provided by the First Shanghai, including (but not limited to) what is stated in this file, are not intended to be made available to Americans. Neither the file nor its copies are circulated or taken to the United States, distributed or made available to Americans.
This report is not intended to be distributed to or used by any person or unit in the country or jurisdiction in question. ## 2022 First Shanghai Securities Company Ltd. has copyrights.