Performance meets expectations, electricity, internationalization, and the impact of the epidemic are beginning to work. The first half of the year was marked by a decline in performance, combined with a slowdown in macroeconomic growth, repeated outbreaks of new crowning, and inadequate effective start-up rates.
In the first half of 2022, the competitive edge of the industry’s downside firms became more apparent, and the market share continued to rise: the winner and the city’s share continued to rise, with the supermarket’s share rising by almost 30%, reaching first place;
Concrete machinery: revenue of $8.355 billion, a 52.80 per cent decline in the same year, stable at the top of the global brand, with a significant increase in the domestic market share of products such as mixers, pumpers, vehicle pumps, etc., not more than 29 per cent and 48 per cent, respectively +7 pct and +4 pct;
(a) Heavy lifting machines: revenues of $7,146 million, a decrease of 49.08 per cent, a significant increase in the share of automobile cranes in 32 per cent and a sharp increase in the share of the market of 220 tons and more than 35 per cent in the country;
The focus is on the development of two new triads in the layout, with faster progress on electrical products and high machines.
In the first half of the year, $2.936 billion was spent on research and development, mainly on new products, new technologies, electricization, intelligence and internationalization.
The share is industry-led; advanced high-altitude platforms that develop 10 products covering self-scissored forklifts, electric curvers, straight-arm vehicles, with a height of 4-26 metres, with a strong intellectual advantage.
In the first half of the year, overseas market revenues rose by 16,534 million yuan, or 32.87 per cent, or 42.64 per cent. Excavated machinery received abroad by $7,756 million, or 50 per cent, compared with the previous year; and the global market share of mechanical excavations rose rapidly, close to its share.
Xin China Air Securities Co. Ltd. Triple 1 Worker (600031.sh): Short-term Performance Pressure, Triple 1 Worker (600031.sh): Short-term Profitability Intake
International products listed in the previous year, including 76 products such as excavators, loaders, cranes, pumpers, etc., doubled in comparison to the previous year, were overstretched, and the strong kept watching for long-term development.
Three-Square Worker (600031.sh): mid-point evaluation, business income growth on a par, overseas operations and digital transformations progressing well, capital and real estate investments fall short of expectations, exports fall short of expectations, electricity is not moving as fast as expected, raw materials are priced, markets are on the rise
The team has a deeper stock of industrial resources in advanced manufacturing, civil-military integration, new energy, new materials, etc., is good at top-down industrial chain research and resource integration, looking at the upgrading of Chinese-made transformations, and is working to explore the direction of strategic and emerging industries, to provide full services to the second-tier market, and to expand the depth and breadth of productive integration to create value for the market. In the absence of this, it will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
This report is not about citizens or residents of any area, country or other jurisdiction who intend to send, or for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report, China Securities Limited and its associated companies to violate local laws or regulations, or to subject Chinese securities to laws or regulations. The copyrights of the material in this report are, unless otherwise indicated, Chinese securities. No material, contents or copies of this report may be made available to any other person without prior written authorization from China.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided only for your reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation or an invitation to another person to sell or purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments.