Release of the draft equity incentive, performance evaluation targets highlighting growth 14/07/2022: Company issuing restrictive stock incentive scheme (draft).
On the evening of 13 July, the company announced that it would award 29.7 million restricted shares to 145 middle- and senior-level managers, who would be able to make a positive turn in the industry in the second half of the year, with a positive increase in the third quarter, with 20,761 sales in the excavator industry in June 2022, or 10.1 per cent, better than the previous cme estimate.
The decline was significantly narrower in May, mainly due to the easing of high-base pressures and strong export growth over the same period. For the future: one income end: as the impact of the epidemic subsides, the base effect subsides, the industry is expected to shrink further, and the company’s earnings end is expected to pick up from three quarters.
Rewinding, 2203 cost improvements and profit improvements have led to a significant release of performance. 3 steady growth: with capital and projects on the ground, capital and property are expected to return downstream.
Overseas engineering machinery market cycles fluctuated much less than industry, and the impact of the epidemic has weakened from 2021 to the present, and the income of the offshore engineering machine's leader, Caterpillar, grew by 22 per cent and 14 per cent, respectively.
The volume is already in the first international echelon and has a significant value ratio, exports are growing much more than overseas markets, o1 meets expectations, and the focus on industry returns in the context of steady growth is expected to significantly smooth the industry cycle this week.
The cost of manufacturing electrodynamic products has declined, and penetration is expected to accelerate. Currently, engineering and machinery, electric products are sold at about twice the price of traditional products, cost advantages are evident throughout the life cycle, and electricity is expected to increase in the future.
The cost of the product is expected to continue to fall. As the cost curve for electric products drops, the penetration rate rises, and domestic champions invest in electric technology are expected to take up a small and medium brand share in the global market.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: we maintain the company's expected net return on its profits from 2022-2024. 3-Eight Worker (600031): 3-Quarterly Review 2021: Performance phase pressure, increasing strategic inputs.
Three top-heavy financial projections, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, have been prepared for the securities investment advisory board.