Reverse winds show resilience, opening up a platform-type semiconductor leader, Weir shares (603501.sh) and firm profitability is steadily increasing.
In a slow context, despite a slight decline in corporate revenue and ring ratios, the growth in performance was achieved, with 3q21 achieving a Māori ratio of 35.49 per cent (yoy+7.59pct, qoq+1.75pct), and with the exception of one-time equity incentive costs, the real net interest rate of the company would be higher, again validating the company.
As a global cis leader, Howe’s share in cellular cis has increased, driving the company’s rapid growth over the past few years, with mobile phones.
Markets are maturing and rapidly growing markets for car, medical, etc. applications, mobile phone operations are falling in Howie's income, and high-speed Chis operations like cars are opening up the second-largest long curve of Howie's. We expect that the ratio of cell phone ciss in company semiconductor design will come this year.
About 50% drops to about 40% next year. Carcis will lead the company in the next few years. 1) Autocis business: benefiting from high growth in the carcis industry, improved competition patterns, etc., corporate carcis business is expected to grow at a high rate in the next three to five years, and now corporate carcis is in Europe.
The continent has a half-share of the market, North America, Japan and other regions have been breaking apart, new domestic drivers like the ideal are making good progress, corporate auto-drive imaging programmes have been heavily applied to high-end cars at home and abroad, brands, and high-level products like 8m are expected to continue to lead the market.
The mobile phone market is considered to be a stage of cyclical fluctuations in the mature industry, and although the company ' s short-term mobile phone cis operations are subject to some volatility, such as industry cutting orders, the company is continuing to optimize its product structure through the introduction of new high-value items such as 50a and 200 million pixels. 3) Other cis operations: company night eagle technology leads the way.
Well: Leading Technology, Perceptions Unlimited.
cccTechnastics captures the medical cos market pioneers in a one-time endoscopic trend: ar/vr long cycle 2021.06.30.
In addition to the Chis business, the company has a large semiconductor platform layout, which has created image sensor solutions, touch and display solutions.
In the last two years, the company has acquired tddi operations in the Xinx Asia region, and Shenzhen Gildis has strengthened the layout of intelligent displays of master chip fields such as amoled, and has created new product lines such as vs, fingerprinting, etc., and has continued to improve the layout of the product lines.
New products such as asic, mcu, analogue, radio frequency, power, etc., which are actively deployed by Sinda Securities, Inc., will be available in cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
Building No. 1 of 9 Downtown West Side, Beijing. The high-growth lanes of cars, new energy, etc., are being launched at the end of this year and again next year, and the market space is huge. tddi, on the one hand, benefits from the industry's high profile, and the company's tddi business remained high in 2021.
In August, the company launched a brand-new independent Giddis, focusing on the research and development of tddi and dddic products in the back-loading market, and further refining and displaying the product lines. Next year, as the production, customer, and product lines expand further, the company’s touch-and-check shows that the chip is expected to continue to grow at a high rate.
In June 2020, the company participated in the launch of the Li Weihowo Enterprise Fund, which is expected to be managed by the end of 2021 on a scale of more than 10 billion dollars. Wei Hao is focusing on visual combinations, auto semiconductors, personal clothing, power sources, and signals.
Five core tracks, such as chain products, integrated circuit manufacturing equipment and materials, are constantly accumulating and storing high-quality industrial resources and creating invisible giants in the semiconductor industry. The first tranche of a fund investment was completed in the first half of 2021, with more than 10 investment firms, which have been shown with businesses such as horizons, jlsemi view semiconductors, etc.
Strategic collaboration to focus on fast-growing paths such as auto semiconductors. Investment proposal: Performance of companies based on the company’s business performance in the first half of the year and future trends in the industry: Figure 1: Well’s share and profit performance
Figure 2: Merit rate performance of Weir shares, Figure 3: Cost during Weir shares, Figure 4: Weir share R & D costs (billions of dollars)
Figure 5: Net profit and net operating cash flows from Weir shares (millions of yuan)
Figure 8: Receivables of Weir shares (millions of dollars)
In 2017, in the Pacific, in 2018, in 2018, in sales securities, and in 2020, in the electronics industry, in the 3/2nd place in the electronics industry of the Golden Bull Award of 18/19. Li Xiaoqing, a Master ' s degree from Wuhan University, in 2018, in the Southwest, and in 2020, in the faith securities, familiar with the semiconductor industrial chain.
Liu Chilai, Master of Finance of the Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, joined the Sunda Securities in 2020, familiar with the consumer electronics industry chain. Autumnto, a Master of Asset Assessment at the University of Gangan, joined the Sunda Securities in 2020, and engaged in research in the electronics sector.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.