Weir shares (603501.sh)
China’s mobile phone output data are growing for two months in a row, with a recovery in the cellular market, while subsequent demand for cell phones is expected to continue to grow, based on a more optimistic target for sales at the domestic front-line cellular plant in 2022. In addition, companies are expected to continue to expand the middle and high end of their mobile phone production at the same speed as the production of cell phones.
In the case of cars, as the need for car intelligence drives, carborne ciss will remain growing at a high rate, and companies will benefit directly as global cis champions. In view of the long-term growth of corporate business, the 2022 surplus has been raised to maintain a “buy-in” rating, taking into account the scarcity of company business and the huge national alternative space.
The mobile market is showing signs of recovery, with strong vehicle-borne demand: in November 2021, domestic marketers delivered 35.252 million units, an increase of 19.2 per cent over the previous two-month period, with larger positive growth and a recovery in the mobile market at the end of the year.
The first-line sales target is optimistic, and subsequent demand for cell phones is expected to continue to grow. The company, as the leader of the country’s cis, has a strong competitive edge in the medium- and low-level mobile market, with 1h21 producing 0.6u products, which is expected to increase further in the future by 1.0u.
On the other hand, data from the Ministry of Technology indicate that 20% of new cars with more than 12 degrees of intelligent driving in the country have a penetration rate, and that, as a result of the intelligentization of new cars, there is a significant increase in the size to performance of the bicycle cis, which is estimated to be 220 million dollars in the global market demand for vehicle-borne image sensors in 2022.
Around 50% of the year-on-year growth, and with the further maturity of autopilot, it is expected to reach 550 million in 2025. As the second-largest car-car-car-cis manufacturer in the world, the company will benefit directly from a significant increase in net profits from 3q21: $18.3 billion in the first three quarters of 2021.
Institutional investors account for 73 per cent of the share in circulation a. The 3q21 mobile phone market is weak in demand due to multiple factors, such as the lack of cores and the epidemic, and the company ' s profits grew slightly less than we expected in the current season, but the Māori rate is 3021.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.