Three-quarter review in 2022: Prospective bottom rebound of major profits, 28 October 2022 : company disclosure of three-quarter report in 2022, resulting in gross operating income of $85,328 million in the previous three quarters.
q3 one-quarter revenue decline sustained and is expected to offset a recovery in sales due to a larger reduction in cement prices. (1) Company q3 one-month revenue was the same as 29.9 per cent and was almost the same as q2, taking into account the narrow q3 national reduction in cement production and the company ' s strategic recovery market share, but the digital cement network statistics were complete
The average tax value of high-value cement in the country fell by $31/tonne on the same date, the ring by q2 by $61/tonne, and it is expected that the company’s sales of its own products will decrease significantly, but the price at the same end will increase by the same amount. (2) Māori q3 has generally stabilized the cost, except for the significant increase in R&D costs.
While it is associated with investment in ultra-low emissions and energy-efficient technology research and development projects, the management and financial cost base is stable, with sales costs falling by 13.9% to $793 million on a year-on-year basis, reflecting good cost controls. Capital spending remains high, and surplus cash reinvestments are increasing to support the accelerated extension of the industrial chain.
The net cash flow from Divisiono3 operations was the same for $4.3.7 to $5.124 billion, slightly less than the profit reduction.q3 purchased fixed assets, intangibles and other long-term assets for cash increases of 65.4 per cent to $5.240 billion over the year, mainly due to increased investment in new mining rights and projects.
The company reported a negative asset in the third quarter of 2022, which contributed to the recovery of the industrial landscape and the prospect of improved corporate profitability. Short-term capital priorities accelerated the start of construction work, the physical workload of the capital city chain gradually fell, and the demand for cement remained high.
The recovery, the build-up of the low-profile and self-regulating kilns, and the rise in demand in the fourth quarter, is expected to see a full rebound in the downside of the stock and prices. The long triangle with a concentration of company capacity is expected to lead the country in terms of price rebounds, and corporate profits are expected to improve.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: As a national cement leader, the industry’s low profile highlights the cost advantages and competitiveness of companies that are difficult to replicate, cash reinvesting in surplus is expected to improve medium- and long-term growth, and corporate profits are expected to improve in step with the recovery of industry.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board