On 10 April 2020, the company achieved a return of $4.23 billion in 2019, resulting in a net profit of $1.83 billion to the mother, an increase of 91.0 per cent over the previous year.
The net profit of the mother was 1.78 billion yuan, an increase of 88.4 per cent in the same year, the net cash flow of the business activity was 11.72 billion yuan, an increase of 339.4 per cent in the same year, and the roe (weighted) was 9.5 per cent, an increase of 3.2 per cent in the same year.
The year 2019 saw a 35.5 per cent increase in the same year, a 91.0 per cent increase in the same year as the year in which the return net profit was reported, and a 35.4 per cent increase in the 19 year in terms of the same increase in the return net profit was 90.5 per cent higher than in the same year in terms of market expectations.
Sales costs were $360 million, representing a 40.2 per cent increase in the same year, mainly to further increase brand promotion; management fees benefited from the industry ' s high rate of growth, cash flows improved significantly, and market access continued to rise \triangleright \triangleright
Tens of households, with 10.5 per cent growth in the same year, benefited from higher growth rates in the industry, with corporate operating income growing by 35.5 per cent in 19 years, and industry growing by a much higher rate. Cash flows from operating activities in 19 years amounted to $11.72 billion, or 33.9 per cent, compared to 33.9 per cent. Cash flows have improved significantly, and it is to be hoped that the market share of companies will rise further.
\triangleright publishes a plan for equity dividends over the next three years, if no major investment plan or significant cash expenditure is incurred, and is available annually.
The gold score is no less than 10% of the distributed profits realized in the current period. If the company develops rapidly and the board considers that the price of the company’s shares does not match the size of the company’s equity, it should also be considered for distribution in the form of equity dividends.
The company ' s development phase is long-term and with significant financial spending arrangements, with a minimum of 20 per cent red rates; the company ' s development step, profit distribution systems, and the protection of the interests of shareholders in the company.
The company continuously promotes the development of Internet financial services platforms, leverages the advantage of user flows, promotes the growth of securities operations and third-party sales, and achieves faster growth in the sales of Internet-based financial e-commerce service platform funds.
On 31 December, a total of 140 fund managers, 7861 fund products, achieved the Fund's acceptance (requirement) and annual trading day average of 5.70.16 million page views. The number of active daily visits was 1.5305 million. There was a strong flow advantage on the user's viscosity and product distribution channels.
Eastern wealth (300059) 3-quarterly 2019 reporting point value, further strengthening of multi-account, multi-target multi-dimensional data warehouse system and promotion of company operations data and intelligence
Capability, further development of an Internet-friendly data asset management system, development of a sound intelligent monitoring system, and continuous and steady operation of operations, while continuous improvement of products and services, further enhancement of the level of intelligence and automated processing of services, enhancement of user experience and provision of quality services to users.
In the short term, the market mood rebounded and the city’s share of the company’s performance increased, and in the long term, the future of China’s capital-run industry was so large that the volume of market transactions was less than anticipated; the revenue from brokering was less than expected; and there was increased competition in the market for the sale of funds.
Jonesy, Dean of the Institute, Assistant President of the Democratic Securities President, and Dr. Vanderbilt University, followed by Dr. V.D. in Financial Mathematics, Johns Hopkins University, Bachelor of Arts, University of Makdan, author of a certificate of qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment counselling, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels, and that the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and that the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party.