In the evening of April 9, Eastern wealth (30,0059.sz) was announced, operating income of $4,232 million (Yoy+35.5 per cent) was realized in 2019, resulting in a net profit of $1,831 million for the mother, Eastern wealth (30,0059.sz)
In 2019, Eastern wealth securities earned 2,634 million yuan (yoy+64.8%), net profits of 1,433 million yuan (yoy+129.6%), with a bottom-blown balance of $10,19.2 billion. Eastern wealth securities fully taped into the overall service capacity of the large platform, continuously improved user experience and stickyness, and achieved significant growth in securities-related income. Monetary funds increased by 121% to 25.1 billion yuan, resulting in a 95% to 1.94 billion increase.
As the demand for wealth management and the process of “institutionalization” of the country’s population continues to grow, the Fund’s sales have continued to grow at a modest rate, with a total of 140 public funds on the line of 7861 products at the end of 2019, with sales of $6,5891 billion, up 25.5% from 2018.
Relying on the advantage of the Eastern wealth network, the Sky Fund, in the fierce competition for sales of the Fund, has been able to make a firm transition from its counterparts, such as ants and land-based gold. During the reporting period, the revenue from the Kim e-commerce service amounted to 1,236 million yuan, an increase of 16% over the same period.
In the context of an emphasis on asset allocation and the impending entry of large-scale incremental funds, the EWF, with the help of daily fund flows, has become either a “current realization” or a secondary point of view in the passive-indexed investment area. Investment advice: As corporate transactions + two-mix markets increase gradually, corporate capital is enriched, and market transactions become more dynamic, bringing greater performance elasticity to the company.
We look forward to the company building a large Internet service platform based on the advantage of the Eastern Wealth Network, the future outbreak of the Conic on passive investment funds, the construction of the Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Wang Ji Dynasty, Graduated in International Finance, Business, University of Durant, United Kingdom. He has served as Deputy General Manager of Naval Capital Leasing and General Manager of China Sea Leasing Operations. He was a member of the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019, and was responsible for non-monetary financial research.
Wang Jing, a graduate in finance from Boston University in the United States, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2019 to conduct research in the non-banking financial sector. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter, “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy, which the CSRC has granted. This report is produced and published by Sindha Securities.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.