With a 10.5 generation advantage, the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center has launched a 10.5 generation line in the southwest, re-engineing the global large-size panel pattern.
The board line was launched on December 20, 2017, and will replace the top 10 generation of the Shappu City line in 2018, replacing it with the top 10 generation of global production patterns. The super-high-resolution inch display will accelerate the push toward a large-size liquid crystal panel champion in Kyoto East.
The advantage of the 10.5 generation line is clear, with the Kyoto East leading the 10.5 generation energy competition. The large size of the liquid crystal panel is increasing, and the current high-generation line (under 8.5 generation) and the Sharp 10 generation line, which are influenced by production capacity and cutting efficiency rates, are not well suited to meet growing market demand, while the 10.5 generation line cuts 65 inches and 75 inches.
Over the next five years, Kyoto East, China Star, lg and Fuscon are expected to increase their combined annual growth rate of 10 generations and higher production line capacity by 59%. • Proposing a “8425” strategy for the 8k era, with large sizes of lcd still in the mainstream.
The process of growth and development of the 8k market has now been significantly accelerated. In response, the “8425” action plan was launched in Kyoto East, namely: promotion of 8k, extension of 4k, replacement of 2k, replacement of 5g, and promotion of the “8425” action plan on a full-scale basis in all areas of disaggregation, and promotion of user experience and full upgrading of the information interface.
The high production costs of large screens and the powerful technical defenses of large screens at the resolution level have stagnated the big screens at 4k, and the big screens at lcd are still the first option in the 8k era. The big screens age, 65 inches, or a new flashpoint. The big screens and higher resolution requirements will go further.
The market share is expected to rise by 10 to 15% over the next five years. The 65 inch and above super-sized television screens are now under the monopoly of almost Sharp, Samsung and lig, with domestic panel manufacturers accounting for less than 1% of the supply.
At the end of the postnatal period, domestic panel companies will achieve global markets in the area of super-sized television screens.
2. Kyoto Easta (000725): New Dragon of the Age of Interconnection: 1 Kyoto East 10.5 Generation will produce in volume and reshape the global large-size panel pattern. 20 December 2017, Kyoto East Fertilizer at 10.5 tft-lcd (Liquid Displays for thin membrane transistors)
This is the world’s first 10.5 generation line and the world’s highest ICD line. The 10.5 generation line has invested 45.8 billion yuan, mainly in the production of super-sized 8k-high liquid crystal displays of 65 inches and above, with a capacity of 120,000 glass panels per month. The production of this line represents a large, super-high 8k.
The dawn of a new era is a new milestone in the global landscape. 1.1 The history of technological upgrading in the Tokyo East.
LCD line production; in December 2017, Kyoto East Fertilizer 10.5 generation line was officially operational, the world’s highest-generation LCD line. Prior to that, Kyoto East faced a “downward blow” by Korean and Taiwanese competitors using technological and cost advantages.
Two production lines are also the world’s early fifth-generation liquid crystal panel line. The East of Python just acquired the Korea Modern Group’s liquid crystal panel business, which began to shift from crt to lcd, when the most advanced lcd line under the modern flag of Korea was just 3.5 generations.
The fifth generation of the lcd panel line was not operational until 2005, when the first generation of the lcd panel line in Beijing became operational. And the fifth generation of production line owned by South Korea, Taiwan, and its producers have completed the climb phase, both in terms of cost and in terms of end-user relations, with an overwhelming advantage over the city.
Apart from that, the technology upgrades in the lcd panel industry have not stopped for a while. In 2005, the first liquid crystal panel production line was launched, the first liquid crystal panel production line, shown by the Samsung, the first and second liquid crystal panel production line, and the first liquid crystal sheet production line, the first and second liquid sheet production line, and the first liquid sheet, 5.5, produced by Chimmy.
In five years of the year, none of the continent's most advanced panels were produced for more than five generations. In those five years, the technology of Korean panel producers was very rapidly upgraded. Leatham showed that the most advanced panels under the flags of Yoda and Chimi were 8.5 generations and were all produced in 2009; the most advanced panels under the three-star flag were 8.5 generations in 2007, and in 2007
The technology gap did not prevent the Tokyo East from moving forward. The 2008 financial crisis led to a sharp decline in the liquid crystal panel industry, with offshore panel vendors slowing down the pace of investment in newer and higher-generation panels.
In 2010, the first sixth-generation panel line came into production under the Kyoto-East flag; in 2011, the first 8.5-plate line came into production under the Kyoto-East flag. So, at the technical level, Kyoto-East finally managed to catch up with the three stars at the lcd-based level.
So far, there are 12 production lines in operation or under construction, 9 of which are in production this year and two years after tomorrow, 5 and 4.5 generations each. The two LCD lines being built by the company are 10.5 generation lines, the first of which is in compost, and will be operational in December this year: the second 10.5 generation line will be in Wuhan and will be in production by the end of 2019.
1.2 Focus on 65 inches, a breakthrough of 1% of the global market, and the larger-sized panel share of the Tokyo East is rising, and as the Kyoto East continues to expand its production capacity and competes with foreign manufacturers in all its dimensions.
In the world's first echelons, moving steadily towards a large-scale LCD champion. According to ihs, the year 2017 was the world's largest supplier of large LCD panels, and this was the first time that manufacturers in other countries had achieved a close market share, and the future is expected to outperform the LCD champions shown by Ley Gold. By the size of the LCD,
From 2014 onwards, the share of Kyoto East in the large-scale liquid crystal panel market has been growing rapidly, from 8.5 per cent in 2014 to 8.5 per cent in 2014.
This year, 20.8% grew, and the market share grew by 144% in four years. The share of Kyoto East's output is also rising rapidly, smaller than that of Korea's producers, so that the overall area of Kyoto East's output is below that of the volume.
With the b108.5 generation line and the compost b910.5 generation line in the state of Kyoto East, Kyoto East is expected to grow by 10 million square metres per year, from 9.5 million square metres in 2013 to 54.8 million square metres in 2019. In the six major applications of the large size panel, Kyoto East is now in four of the four categories.
They're in the top three cases. Especially laptops, which were once dominated by Taiwan's manufacturers, are now in the top position. In the LCD category, Kyoto is second in ranking, after Leykin, before the crowd.
Focusing on 65 inches and above, achieving a breakthrough of 1% of the global market share, the LCD panel products in Kyoto East are now mainly 32 inches, 43 inches and 55 inches, especially 32 inches and 43 inches, and the Kyoto East has a strong leader in the domestic market.
Inches and above, when production starts on the 10.5-generation line, Kyoto East will gain advantage in the 55-inch, 65-inch, 75-inch, and so on in the super-size panel market, thereby rapidly increasing its share of the company’s output. In the future, Kyoto East is expected to take the two titles of a panel factory with the largest volume of goods in the world and the largest panel plant.
According to a statistical analysis of global LCD shipments from the cinnorearch quarter, market sales for products of 55 inches and above have been growing rapidly, with global LCD sales of 55 inches and above increasing by 58 per cent in the first quarter of 2017, and 65 inches and above more, with output growing by 93 per cent. But they are now over 65 inches and above.
The market for large-scale television screens is almost monopolized by Sharp, Samsung, and lg, and the share of domestic panel producers is less than 1%. In Kyoto, after the official delivery of the East 10.5, the domestic panel industry will achieve a 1% global market share in the area of super-sized television screens, with a clear advantage of the 1.310.5 generation, with manufacturers competing for a setup.
The 10-generation liquid crystal panel line that Sharp built in 2008 is the world's highest generation line, the 10-generation line Sharp's 10-generation line.
The 10 generation line is not profitable. The first question is that Sharp is too optimistic about the speed with which the big screen is going up. Sharp's 10 generation and Korea's 8.5 generation have the advantage of cutting the panel between 57 and 65 inches: below 57 inches, except for 43 inches, 10 generations cutting the other sizes of the panel.
In 2009, the dominant size of LCD was below 40 inches, but Sharp's 10-generation production was less efficient for products under 40 inches than 8.5, while TV sales over 57 inches grew slowly, selling products well below 40-50 inches. Second, the Japanese television producers competed for the next section of Samsung and lg.
The collapse, the loss of TV size, and the loss of Sharp's ability to produce out of the ocean. Three Stars, and the large-scale electricity sold by the lg, see the entry size as 55 inches instead of 57 inches, which makes Sharp's 10-side cut on the 57-inch panel ineffective, partly causing the 10-generation failure. The Sharp's 10-generation self-measurement began to fail because of these two problems.
The profits for the company were followed by a decline in the start-up rate as a result of the earthquake in Japan, which eventually led to Sharp being brought into a near-insolvency cutting efficiency advantage, with vendors competing for 10.5 generations, and currently dedicated to bulk production of large-scale 8 (8.5) and 8.6 generation plants with a design target of 55 inches, respectively.
The 50-inch and 58-inch panels are less efficient for producing larger sizes. One way to mitigate this waste of efficiency is to produce multiple sizes of panels on a single base plate, i.e. to use single glass but multi-sized composites (mmg). However, this is also an inefficient method, because both output and output are reduced and the panel is given.
The marketing strategy poses a challenge. The 10.5-generation line directly increases the efficiency of large-scale panel cuttings, with only three of the 8-generation cuttings of 60 inches and 65 inches, and only 54 per cent and 64 per cent, while the 10.5-generation line increases the rate of cutting to 8 pieces, 60 inches and 65 inches, respectively, with 81 per cent and 95 per cent, respectively.
(fpd) Manufacturers are competing to build 10.5 generation plants, which are also the most efficient and highly optimized to 65 and 75 inches of panels. A new 10.5 generation plant will promote 10 generation and higher collusive capacity between 2017 and 2022
These plants will form the main force for the new production capacity of fpd television, and other large-scale applications will be supplemented by 10.5 generations. By the end of 2020, there will be no new large-scale investment in smaller generations, including 8 (8.5) and 8.6 generations.
Conning's 10.5-dlcd glass-boarding plant is now home, attracting industrial chains to cluster high-end layouts, and the yield of sub-lines will replace the top 10 generation line of the Sharpline. The 10.5-generation line of China's summer electricity, lgd, South Korea, Po, Wuhan in Tokyo, Guangzhou, and Fuji Connoxin will enter the production scale in the next few years.
Paragraph . Although the 10.5-generation panel manufacturer is at risk of overcapacity and competition under the pressure of the decapitation of the large generation panels, Kyoto East, as the first firm to achieve 10.5-generation line production, will have some pre-emptive advantages and ownership of the industry, with the 10.5-generation line using a glass base plate size of 2940 x 3370 mm, which is 1.8 times the size of the 8.5-generation glass base plate.
In order to solve the problem of supply of 10.5-generation wiring glass in the east of Kyoto, Conning has invested $1.5 billion in a new site to build a 10.5-generation liquid crystal glass plate. The project will produce a 10.5-generation coorning-eaglexgslim glass in the east of Kyoto measuring 2940 mm x 3370 mm with a thickness of 0.5 mm.
Baseplate. The project has now been successfully set on fire and is expected to start production by the first quarter of 2018. 2-sized rotations drive a large-scale acceleration, with demand and supply gradually smoothing to 2.1 screens, 65 inches, or a new flashpoint.
In 2016, the total volume of global television panels was 264 million pieces, a 3.4 per cent decrease in volume compared to the previous year, but the same area of shipments grew by 7.5 per cent, suggesting that the trend towards large scales, driven by global television panel sizes, continues.
According to statistics, China ' s LCD panel is expected to average 47.9 inches in 2017, up from the global average of 42.9 inches, and is expected to continue to grow by 1-1.5 inches per year. China ' s average size is projected to grow in 2022, not only in the global LCD market, but also in China ' s LCD market.
The data show that China ' s LCD market was still 32 inches in size in 2015, with a market share of about 30 per cent, while the market for 55 inches and above accounted for less than 18 per cent. In the first half of 2017, the market share for 32 inches of LCD was only 17 per cent, while the share for 55 inches and above was over 30 per cent.
55 inches will continue to run the main-size market share in 2017, after becoming a marketing champion in 2016. But the 55-inch market is now competitive, with all brands participating in the 55-inch competition at less than $5,000, with a small profit margin. After 55 inches, market demand will shift to a bigger and more affordable level than 55 inches.
Dimensions, now 65 inches is the first size of the market share above 55 inches, and large screens and higher resolution requirements will drive up demand for 65 inches and even larger size liquid crystal panels. The market share is expected to be 60+ inch in the next five years.
With more 10.5 generation power, the panel plant will sell more of the super-sized panels above 65 inches as the main power product, directing 65 inches to become the main product of the television market. The 10.5 generation plant in the east of Kyoto has been locked in 65 inches and 75 inches of super-sized television panels, and the desktop plant has been pre-positioned this year, raising the volume of this year's 65 inches.
To 11 million pieces, 75 inches, amounting to 1.6 million pieces, with annual growth of up to 123.6 per cent, and the shift in cost-driven demand to a larger size, 40-43 inches, which is nearly 70 per cent higher than the end of last year's period, surpassing the threshold for brand profit, has begun to shift demand.
In the second half of the year, LCD panel prices fell for six months in a row, together with a peak of supplies that began to be marketed on a series of holidays in Europe and China, lifting the LCD board in September 2017 to a single month this year.
In inches and 75 inches, demand will be higher. The yield of the 10.5-generation line in the east of Kyoto in 2018 will also further stimulate large-scale electricity, which will be driven by falling prices and growing demand in the season, and 69 million pieces of liquid crystal panels in the third quarter of 2017.
The demand for panels will continue to rise in 2018, ihsmarkit is expected to grow in 2018 as a result of the Winter Olympics and the Fifa World Cup, while the continued transformation and restructuring of the old panels and the success of the new plants' ramp will be key to the balance of demand and supply.
2.2 Large-scale LCD panel production was upgraded, and China was the first in the world to rise in 2017, and with the continuous upgrading and development of technology, the large size and super-highness of the LCD panel has become an industry that can easily be replaced by large-scale equipment, which will drive 65 inches to become the main product of the television market, ihs.
Markit expects this high-end segment of the fpd market to grow 2.5 times, reaching about 40 million in 2022. Witsview predicts a slowdown in the production of large-scale panels worldwide in 2017, estimated to be about 1.3%, the lowest in the last two years. But with the 2018 Kyoto East 10.5 generation and follow-up,
The size panel is expected to grow at a rate of 8-9% per year, with a total surface area of 318 million m by 2020. In terms of the geographical distribution of large-sized liquid crystal panels, China is gradually becoming the world’s largest liquid crystal panel.
According to witsview data, by the end of 2017, China will have a 35.7% share of the world ' s large-scale liquid crystal panel capacity, surpassing the traditional large-sized liquid crystal panel that produces Korea. By 2020, China ' s share of global capacity will increase from 30.1% in 2016 to nearly half. By contrast, Korea ' s share will be 34.1% of the world ' s leading in 2016.
At the dawn of the 38k era, the big screen lcd is still the mainstream, with the pre-positioning of the 8k panel on the 10.1 east line and the simultaneous rise of the large-size panel, the super-high-resolution technology of 4K. The resolution of 4k was once high-end.
Pronouns for products and small-scale products, but with the development of technology, the penetration rate of 4k television in the Chinese market was rapidly raised, with 2.1 per cent penetration, and by 2016, 4k television retail sales had increased rapidly to 23.34 million, reaching 44.9 per cent, 4k television penetration had increased to 57.2 per cent in the first three quarters of 2017, and the penetration rate was expected to be achieved throughout the year.
The primary factor contributing to the 4k television rapidity in the country is the consumer's demand for higher graphics. Because the human eye has a limited threshold for understanding the density of other pixels, the 4k resolution does not differ significantly from the medium-sized and small-sized screen's graphic performance and the lower-resolution quality. So the medium-sized and small-sized TVs are still dominated by 1080 p. and 2k. But the larger sizes are 49 inches and above.
In China, in particular, consumers tend to buy televisions with the highest resolution within the budget after determining the size of television. This consumption habit further boosts the rapid penetration of the 4k resolution in the Chinese market.
When the 4k resolution moves from doubt to success, the panel manufacturer looks at the 8k resolution. For the quality, if there are more pixels on the screen of the same size, the more delicate and precise the image is displayed. Similarly, if the size of the TV is larger, the resolution of the larger TV is needed to maintain the same size as the original size.
This is the driving force behind the upgrade of television from 720 p to 1080 p, from 1080 p to 4k. With the emergence of super-large televisions above 100 inches and technological advances, the 8k resolution has become even more necessary and feasible. From the start of 2016, 8k TVs have started to appear on the market.
Figure 23: Alteration of resolution quality. On September 7, 2017, Kyoto East also displayed a full range of 8k panel products, including 27 inches, 65 inches, and 75 technologies. This demonstrates the confidence of television manufacturers and panel manufacturers in 8k.
Although the outlook for 8k is good, and the Japanese Olympic Games are expected to broadcast 8k resolution, the market for super-sized 8k TV is very small and is in the market expansion phase. In addition to the first 10.5 generation of global production in Kyoto this year, there are three super-high generation panel lines in the country that will climb or become fully productive by 2021.
The size of the cutting economy of some super-high intergenerational production lines is more than 55 inches. According to the design capacity, the annual supply of additional large-scale panels will reach 30 million pieces, nearly 3.5 times as high as in 2016. These additional large-size panels will further reduce the price of low-sized television, helping to increase penetration and market expansion on 4k and 8k television.
Higher resolution demand growth is accompanied by a larger size of co-requirement. For example, television, assuming that the viewing distance is 2.5 metres, the appropriate size of the 2k resolution is less than 40 inches, the appropriate size of the 4k resolution is less than 60 inches, and the appropriate size of the 8k resolution is 65 inches and above. A larger dimension of resolution leads to a stronger sense of improvisation and improvement.
The main problem is that the content of the current 8k program is very low. But Japanese nhk TV officially started testing the 8k resolution in 2016, and plans for 2020.
The Tokyo Olympics use 8k transmissions. Kwok is also planning to invest in the equipment used for 8k programming, hoping to help increase the number of 8k-resolution programmes. The company under the Chinese flag has also completed the system single chip (soc) dedicated to 8k high-quality image processing, which may be applied to the future on Sharp’s 8k TV.
With multiple 10.5 generation lines coming into production, 65 inches and upboard prices will decline, and 65 inches of television is expected to speed up penetration, re-entering the current 40-50 inches of television production success path. The 8k technology is expected to mark high-end television products with large-scale televisions above 65 inches.
In response to the “8425” action plan for the 8k era, with a unique adsdsds super-hard screen-protected escort, which shows that the industry has grown and developed by 2k/4k and that the 8k market entry process has now been significantly accelerated. To this end, the “8425” action plan was introduced in the east of Kyoto, i.e., 8k, 4k, instead of 2k, and 5g.
To date, the Eastern region has escalated from the 2k era of hd/fhd in Kyoto, and is now gradually achieving the 4k penetration, which will focus on the promotion of 8k products.
LCD screens, designed to produce 120,000 glass panels per month. As the company becomes operational on the world's first 10.5 generation line, plus Beijing, Fertilizer, Chongqing, Fuku Qing 4 8.5 generation lines, the company will form the world's largest 4k/8k panel line, adsdsds technology, the advanced superviar field conversion technology.
The main features of the unique liquid crystal panel technology are "super-wide perspective", "hard screens", "super-high colour performance", "super-high-speed motion image processing" and are widely applied to mobile phones, tablet computers, laptops, monitors, television, digital message displays, etc.
mmg is an abbreviation of multiplemodelgrads, meaning that a base plate has multiple product sizes, i.e. a cut technology. The cutting technique was invented by Samsung in 2011. At that time, Samsung wanted to develop a cut technique with 40-inch and inch sizes. However, the cutting technique would increase the processing time of each base plate, reducing the production line.
The energy use rate, which was at the time immature and unsatisfactory at the time, as well as the fact that 43 inches were not the dominant product at the time, all led to a weak sale of 43 inches of Samsung panels and a lack of widespread application of mmg technology.
Fig. 25: 8.5 generation cut six 55-inch panels. 8.5 generation cut six 55-inch panels. As the average size of television increases, 65-inch television becomes a high-end product in the current market. But it's high.
Increased demand raises the problem of insufficient capacity. Most of the latest production lines for major panel manufacturers are now 8.5 generation lines, while the 8.5 generation base plate is severely underutilized if traditional processes are used to produce only three 65 inches of panels. As a result, major manufacturers are beginning to try to cut technology in the hope of increasing the use of the panels while producing 65 inches of panels.
It's a 65-inch panel and a 32-inch panel with a 8.5-wire line, and two other mmg cuttings have been developed by the country's panel manufacturers. The first is a program in Kyoto East, with inch products.
At the same time, using the mmg process will decline, usually by at least 5-6%, and most of it by 20% depending on the power of the technology. At the end of the 10.5 generation line, the mmg technology can also be applied to 10.5 generation line, bringing about a greater diversity in the Kyoto East.
3.3 The big screens have a long way to go, and the big size of lcd remains the mainstream. In recent years, they have been recognized as the most potential new tablet display technology from the market, with their own spontaneity, high contrasts, wide colour domains, large perspectives, rapid response, and flexible displays.
The growth of small- and medium-sized oeds is strong, but the large-sized oed is still in the process of market import, and the large-sized lcd production line remains the main option for panel manufacturers and downstream displays. The advantage of the large-sized oed versus lcd is not evident, while the high production costs of the oed and the powerful technical defenses of the big screen lcd on the resolution.
Big screens are currently unbreakable. Large-scale open prices are high and are still in the market import phase, using ihsmarkit as the unit cost of the 55 inches of uhd panel, 55 in the second quarter of 2017.
The unit cost of the television panel has fallen to its historical position of $582 and is expected to fall further to $242 by the first quarter of 2021. It is worth noting that, while the cost of the large-sized oled panel is on a downward trend, it is still more than double the cost difference compared to the same size of lcd, which is added to the large-sized oled used mainly for television production in power, thickness, and softness.
The high cost of large-scale oled panels is ultimately reflected in the market price of television, and the current market owner of large olid panels is being monopolized by lgd, which compares the market price of the same size lig television and LCD.
It was found that the market price of the unold TV remained at more than two to three times the unit price of the same size LCD. According to the rules of the colour industry, the price difference of more than three times is in the image period; the price difference of two to three times is in the import period, and 10% of consumers will choose the new product; the price difference of 1.5 times is in the development period; and the price difference of 1.2 times is in the replacement period.
The hard-to-reach resolution technology barrier, as the only supplier of large-scale oled panels, the lgd successfully delivered large screens back in 2013.
Clarity. This is due mainly to the fact that the technology originally used by lgd has reached its limit and that it is necessary for lgd to innovate if it is to go further beyond the oled resolution level. Figure 28: Bottom luminous structure
Figure 29: Top-luminous structure. Technical processes in which the bottom-luminous structure is now mainstreamed are highly efficient as the light of the bottom-luminous structure spreads in the direction of the thin-film transistor (tft) and the tft-time brightness reduces and causes higher electricity losses.
Low, low brightness, etc... The profile of the tft position in the bottom-luminescent structure is easily affected and the resolution is limited, so the big screen-led resolution is still in the uhd (4k). One way to break the oled resolution limit is to use the top luminous technology that is more than 30% more efficient than the luminous use of the bottom.
After a year-on-year rise in the 4k penetration rate of large LCD TV, 8k has become the main focus for more LCD panel producers. With Sharp’s successive roll-out of consumer-grade 8k panel products, 8k resolution has become one of the big screens.
An important level. Only the third stage of the P10 plant in Poe County will import the top-light technology at the current production line of lgd, which is now scheduled for 2019, so that in the short term, if it fails to break through the 8k-resolution technical level, the big screen will still be suppressed by the large-screen lcd camp.
Assumption 1: As the price of the lcd panel stabilizes and the company’s amoled line of production continues to grow, the company’s performance will continue to grow by about 25% over the next two years. The large sized trend of downstream LCD demand and the trend of smart phone replacements has been determined by the company’s 10.5 generation lcd line and the Chengdu amoled line as the country’s first line of production.
The company ' s Māori rate has increased since the fourth quarter of 2016, and the Māori rate has been maintained in 2017-2019
Assumption 3: the company’s current construction of a digital polyclinic and a health industry park is almost operational after 2018, and the company’s intelligent health business has maintained a Maori rate of around 50% over the last three years. Over the next three years, the display business continues to contribute more than 70% of the company’s business income, the company’s intelligence system, and the health of its intelligence.
With the launch of the 10.5-generation line at the end of December 2017 and the production of the 6th-generation flexible amoled line in Chengdu, at the end of October, the company's displays business will continue to grow at a high rate of about 25 per cent over the next two years, and the corporate dsh strategic layout is expected to be phased in over the next few years, and we expect the company to have 0.30 dollars per year in 2018.
The company was selected as the main competitor of the industry for valuation purposes, in the light of the values of the same industry and its growth expectations for the last three years, and as the firm ' s absolute leader in the domestic panel industry, Novo was not, was not, nor would he be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.