The company’s performance in terms of interest differentials and fees has improved since 2019, and the year-round growth is expected to be in the forefront. Companies increase the disposal of their stock of non-performing loans, reducing the burden of asset quality, low valuation, and low valuation.
The high rate of dividends is characterized by an upward rating of the company to an increase (formerly neutral), a reduction in asset quality, a focus on debt-transferable processes, a sustained increase in net interest earnings, and an improvement in bank card-led fee revenue.
In 2019, the Bank increased its revenue by 15.1% on a year-on-year basis, the same as in the previous three quarters. The net revenue from interest has increased significantly, by 21% on a year-on-year basis.
The difference in interest rates has improved significantly, and the cost of deposits has continued to improve in the second half of the year.
The easing of debt-cost pressures has resulted in a downscaling of the year’s debt end-costs from 20bp to 2.69% in 2018. Moreover, we are concerned that, unlike industry trends, the drop in the cost of savings in the second half of the year (2.40% in the first half of the year 2.36% vs) has been an important factor in the decline in the end-cost of corporate liabilities in the second half of the year.
The poor rate has dropped significantly, the base of the provision has yet to be put in place. The negative rate for the 4th quarter of the Bank is 1.56 per cent, the ring is down 11bp from the 3rd quarter, the downside is greater than that of a colleague, and it is the lowest since 2016, and we believe that the main reason is that the company has increased its bad disposal of the stock.
Reduction of asset quality loads. The company’s average annualized production rate for the first four quarters is about 1.7%, and the ring is basically 20bp for the third quarter, but, throughout the year, the rate of undesirable production is low in the industry, and the company’s base of funding needs to be further strengthened.
In order to improve the basics, we have increased corporate ratings (formerly neutral).
The downside of the economy leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected.
Net interest income continued to rise, bank card-led fee income improved 15.1% in 2019, the same rate as in the previous three quarters. The net interest income increased by 4.75 percentage points to 27.7%, compared to the previous three quarters, but the absolute level remained high. Interest differentials improved in 2019 and the rate of expansion in size increased.
The acceleration has led to a better performance in net corporate interest income. The company’s annual revenue from fees increased by 8.65 per cent over the year, compared with 2018 (0.8 per cent), with a greater contribution from the banking card business, which increased by 21 per cent over the same period. The company maintained a larger provision raise in the fourth quarter, with the cost of credit rising by 21bp to 2.30 per cent over the same period last year, reducing the annual net profit growth from 21.5 per cent before the provision was made to 6.94 per cent.
At the heart level, the capital adequacy rate is 8.89%, below the industry average (10.92%), and in order to strengthen its capital strength, the company plans to issue $50 billion in transferable debt, which has now been approved by the Bank Insurance Board, and requires attention to the process of moving forward on the company’s transferable debt.
At the end of the year, the company's annual asset rate of return rose by 3 bp to 4.56% compared to the year 2019, with a sharp increase in the end of the second half (from 4.48% in the first half of the year) due, on the one hand, to structural optimization.
The share of credit assets in interest-bearing assets rose from 50.1 per cent at the end of the six-month period to 51.7 per cent, and benefited from an increase in the rate of return on public credit (upward downtime on the cost of public deposits (2.45 per cent in the first half of the year). The company ' s lending speed accelerated in the second half of the year, the poor rate of lending at the end of the four quarters dropped markedly, and the base of the provision has yet to be consolidated.
The HSBC has a negative 4-quarter rate of 1.56 per cent, a decline of 11bp over 3-quarters, and a lower downside than that of a colleague in 2016, and we believe it is mainly due to the company ' s increased capacity to dispose of poor stocks and to reduce asset quality burdens. The company ' s forward-looking indicators of asset quality, which we calculate at the end of the period, are about 1.7 per cent annualized by the company ' s 4-quarter quarter, and 20bp basically by 3-quarter.
At the end of 2019, the company’s lending/deficiencies, which were more than 90 days overdue than the end of the six-month period, decreased by 7.5 percentage points to 88%, with a sharper negative perception. As the risk load of the company’s stock was reduced, the company’s coverage indicators were improved, the provision was improved, and the company’s base of funding needed to be further tightened in the context of the year’s downward pressure.
The company’s performance in terms of interest differentials and fees has improved since 2019, and the year-round growth in revenue is expected to be in the forefront of the industry. Companies increase their stock of bad loans, and we raise their ratings to an increase (formerly neutral). Downside the economy leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected. Banks, as a pro-cyclical industry, have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development.
Economic development affects the operation of the real economy as well as the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the quality performance of the banking sector’s assets. If the economy falls short of expectations, there is a risk that the quality of the bank’s assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the bank’s profitability.