We've got a steady growth in the cellar, and we've got some pressure on the South-West Securities Research and Development Center.
• Summary of performance: the company achieved revenue of $9.32 billion in the first half of 2021, equal to +22.0%, and the net profit of the mother grew steadily, while the low- and medium-end alcohol was temporarily under pressure. High-grade alcohol earned $8.22 billion in the first half of the year, equal to +23.5%, of which sales and ton prices were + 6.3%, +16.5%, while the share of high- and medium-level alcohol was 1.0% higher.
The top cellars continue to be released and are expected to grow at a high rate of over 20% in the first half of the year. The single q2 low-end alcohol harvests and sales have declined, resulting in an overall shortfall of income for the single q2, mainly due to: 1; the company's April offer of the old advert terminal to around $300; and the consumer's acceptance of the new price system will take some time.
In the first half of the year, companies continued to streamline low-end skus by specializing in bar codes and product lines for the old silves, resulting in a significant drop in low-end liquor sales. In the third and second quarters, the overall consumption was reversed, and companies took proactive control measures in some regions against domestic customers, silos, headlines, etc.
Discharge of channel stocks also has a negative impact on the income end. Cost spending is limited and net interest rates have risen significantly. The Māori rate of 21H1/21q2 has risen by 3.8 and 7.8 percentage points, respectively, fully benefiting from higher-end state cellar occupancy ratios and direct price increases, adding up to the lower Māori rates.
Cut-off rates in the first half of the year were 1.8 percentage points to 16.4 per cent, with administrative and financial costs repeatedly preventing effective investment of advertising and market expansion fees; net interest rates rose by 35 percentage points to 45.8 per cent in the first half of the year, with higher profitability. In addition, cash from operating activities in the first half of the year went up to $11.35 billion.
• Channels are on the market and the low- and middle-end alcohol is growing again. 1. The state cellar brands continue to be released, the volume increases continue to lead the high-end wine, and the future will continue to benefit from the 1,000-dollar belt expansion and the high price of the low-stuff liquor, with robust growth.
In a step-by-step way, the Xinzhou old cellar brand is rejuvenating its value. Three, a pure-food solid black lid of about $80, or to be marketed, is expected to enjoy the light bottle expansion dividend; with rigorous release and smoothing of channels, the medium and low end is expected to return to faster growth.
2. Precincts (000568). The product structure continues to be optimized.
Motions, 14-5 fingernails, 3-a (2021-07-01) Compensation reforms to stimulate business activity (2021-04-30) 4. Cemetery in the Länder (000568).
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.