Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) net profit of $4.23 billion, yoy+31.2 per cent, h1 Māori rate of 85.67 per cent, plus 3.83 pct,
(h) The same increase of 23.4 per cent in the proceeds of high and middle alcohol and 7.5 per cent in other alcohol, 6.3 per cent in the sales of high and medium alcohol, 29.1 per cent in other alcohol, 50.5 per cent in the combined prices of alcohol and 50.5 per cent in the combined prices of alcohol, a decrease in the sales of low-end products by reaction companies, an upward shift in the overall product structure of the contributing companies, an increase in the average price and the Māori rate;
h1 sales cost 12.7 per cent, same decrease of 1.86 pct, same decrease of 5.11 per cent, same decrease of 0.03 pct, lower product structure for succession and lower sales of 21-year q2 low-value products; q2 tax, which looks at the impact of the tax as being largely flat; and q2 sales cost, same decrease of 3.55 pct, same decrease in administrative costs
Cash sales return of $4.41 billion, yoy+23.3 per cent, is higher than at the end of the revenue line. q1 q1 q1 q6 q6 q1 q6 q6 q6 q6 q2 q2 % sales cost is again low or means that the company has been spending a lot of money on branding for years.
Construction is gradually entering the harvest period, adding up to 21 years of firm ' s firm ' s clear intention to gradually reduce fuzzy return profits and turn them around to boost dealer motivation, with companies expected to continue to reduce channel costs over 22 years and shift to a consumer bias, so looking back, selling costs are center or low, net profit
• Regionalization is still spatial, Henan market phase is stagnating, the cellars are characterized by national branding and strong regionalization, and there is still much room for weak market upgrading, with the company Henan in 2020 introducing the Kutai platform model, and planning for distribution of the cellars from 2020 to 2022
Not for $500, $800, $1.2 billion (the 21-year target has now been raised to $1 billion), rapid distribution in 2020 through a conference model has solved the problem of higher stocks and lower price systems in previous channels. 21 Henan market returns were significantly slower than at the national level, price fluctuations and relatively higher stock levels in 2020.
They think it's a smoke and alcohol terminal that has reached a certain stage (distribution point growth to bottlenecks, access to the old cellars in Länder (000568), the impact of tax fluctuations, transparency, the fact that the platform's corporate bonus has not yet fully realized the incentives of the channel, consumer needs, etc.).
Short-term profits, sustained rapid growth in income, have not yet matched the growth of supply-side growth with a number of factors. Henan’s growth is expected to resume after a period of pain as consumer growth continues.
In addition, according to the plan of the National Cruiser Marketing Company, “Cities Model Markets” will be promoted during the 14th Five-Year Plan, with a “2358” regional development strategy, with the opening of a conference in the south-east, with the selection of Shanghai, Shanghai, Shanghai, Shanghai and Shanghai.
Nine model markets, including Shenzhen, Zhengzhou, Chengdu, and others, grew faster in 21 years in South-East China. As a third brand of high-end white wine, the cellar will continue to benefit from the low-end dividend, folding up the state cellar itself, building power, and running the channel of the channel terminal interest community, with prospects for the next three years.
Upgraded; ten-deuttonic sub-high-end entry-price belts, where brand revival has been completed and only to be eliminated, where the demand set returns; cellar batch prices, channel profits, end profit less than expected; ten-generation specialist recovery less than expected; Henan war less than expected; management change risks, etc.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.