Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco Cemetery: The state cellar continues to grow better and there is some pressure at the lower and middle ends Events: the company released its mid-year 2021 report, which generated 9.17 billion yuan (+22.0 per cent),
The cellars continue to grow better, with medium- and low-end channels. By category, high alcohol/other alcohol/other income groups earned $8.218 billion in the first half of the year, $977 million in the first half of the year, and 1.22 in the second half of the year, respectively.
The main reasons for this decline are: 1) sub-high end price belts: specials and cellar age are currently in the channel and price collation phase. 2) Low-end wine: second-challenging upgrades, sales are affected, total equity/flow (million shares)
It is estimated that q2 low- and middle-grade alcohols have fallen to varying degrees, delaying q2 income performance, while q2 guests have total market value/flow (millions of dollars)
A reduction of $319 million, 306 million, an increase of $931 million over the same period, and a more regular year and a quarterly assessment of income performance and higher tax levels in the middle of the year. 2021h1 corporate receivables + receivables + receivables + receivables + $2.143 billion.
Gold influences profits, and market-based pay programs are introduced, increasing by 36.7% over the same period, and the quality of the statements is strong.
The increase in profitability is mainly due to the contribution of the Māori rate and the cost of sales. The Māori ratio of 202102 companies has increased significantly in the first half of the year. The main reasons for this increase in Māori rates in the first half of the company are: 1) the rise in the ratio of product-end-country customers and direct price increases: 2) the company has cut off part of the Māori product.q2 the business tax rate.
In the first six months of the epidemic, advertising costs were limited. The management fee rate increased slightly, mainly in terms of salary increases for employees, and financial costs remained stable.
In October 2020, the company launched the All-China Tournament: the country continues to grow better and the low- and middle-level is under pressure.
The new strategic new product, High Light, became the first luxury white wine in the white wine industry and is expected to grow into the third growth curve of the company. (3) Expanding capacity: In the year of the first phase of the wine-making engineering project, senior clients in Xiangzhou combined have 170,000 tons of alcohol production capacity.
With a total of 1,463 million yuan in expansion technology improvement projects, the capacity for wine storage will be raised from 300,000 tons to the certified certification code:
There's plenty of room for price growth. Moreover, thanks to the eastern wind of the 14th Five-Year Plan, the company has developed a “136” strategy that has not developed in the next five years, and is committed to returning to the first three of the Chinese wine industry.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report