In the second half of 2021, the company published its mid-year report in 2021, generating 9.17 billion yuan in the first half of the year, an increase of 22.04 per cent.
The reason for the steady growth in performance and the significant increase in profitability is the upgrading of the product structure, with a significant increase in the middle- and high-end liquor stores. On the cost side, the sales rate is the same as the Oyang Woo Sword.
As a result of the increase in cash in the sale of goods during the period, high-end liquor has increased faster, with the results of online distribution highlighting the fact that medium-high-end wine (the state cellar/specials/shelter age) has been collected at $8.218 billion, an increase of 23.45 per cent.
Ho cosmos (143 million tons sold, 6.31 per cent increase from year to year and 5766 million ton from year to year, heyuhang@cczq.com
The main problem is that low-end products in the current company are in the process of collating, with special price adjustments, and double-barrel stoppages. 28 million yuan, Peace and Environment Street, Beijing West Side, an increase of 19.03 per cent, and 532 million yuan, an increase of 84.71 per cent, from the same time.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Centre, there was a faster growth in online channels. There was a net decrease of 148 to 2007.
In the second half of the year, with a strong growth rate of about $900 and a stock of about a month's worth of money, there's still some of them in the Shenzhen Fukuda District, number six tax-free.
During the shutdown, the country is expected to make more than 75 per cent of its repayments. Since 2021, the company has been working on the Sichuan Free Trade Experiment in China, which has become the city's high-news area.
Dollars/bottles, guidance price adjusted to $1399/bottles, etc. for classic products in the 52nd-degree cellar. In 2021, the company focused on the strategy of "double brands, trilogy, big monoliths" and continued to raise the price of the top 1573 brands in the cellar.
To maintain the company’s “enhanced” rating method, using legally compliant information, and to produce the report independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be.
The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report, it has no direct business agreement with the company. The reader is not a client of the company, and the company does not have proper responsibility.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report can be modified without notice, and investors should be aware of the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.