Xiangzhou Food and Beverage (000568), stock incentives for boots to land, governance to optimize the recovery of Speedy and Southwest Securities Research and Development Center
• Events: companies issue restrictive stock incentive schemes to award no more than 8.83 million restricted shares, of which no more than 7.95 million restricted shares are proposed for the first time to be awarded to no more than 521 incentive recipients, and prices are awarded.
7.93 per cent of the plan, with no more than 512 other core cadres, or 82.11 per cent of the plan;
The expected share payment costs have a more limited impact on the company’s performance. • The assessment targets are positive, balanced with speed and quality, and are achievable. 1) The selection of indicators for this evaluation takes into account shareholder returns, growth capabilities and value-creation capabilities, and the comprehensive system is more comprehensive than the company’s.
Development; a three-stage release arrangement helps companies to balance short-term and long-term interests and ensure long-term high-quality development. (2) The current state of the cellar brand is able to move into the accelerated release phase, with new manufacturing capabilities leading to a reversal of medium- and low-end alcohol, and there is still room for optimization of sales and management costs, with the target period for completion.
New horizons, new weather, new journeys, more marginal prospects. 1) The equity incentive scheme has a wide range of coverage, a reasonable level of pricing incentives, a positive target that effectively binds the top and core core interests, and adds a strong dynamic to the overall revival of the company. 2) In the year of the 14th Five-Fifteenth Round, the company's heavy reform fell in an orderly manner from the beginning of the 14th Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five.
Implementation of high-level pay reform, promotion of several post-85 marketing posts, launching of the "Queens" program to recruit and sell elites, consolidation of current equity incentives, and continuous release of the reform dividend.) At the operational level, during the Mid-Autumn season, the state cellars were well sold and stock was low, and the next batch price was kept above $900 during the season, increasing.
Speed is expected to continue to lead high-end liquor; in the medium and long term, the state cellar brands can accelerate release, the current national expansion is advancing smoothly, channels are becoming more dominant, equity incentives are further stimulating core cadres, and governance structures are optimally able to accelerate recovery.
The equity incentive scheme will be effective in stimulating senior managers and business cadres, optimizing the governance structure to accelerate the recovery period and maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
2. Cemetery (000568). The structure of the product continues to be optimized, and the high-end state cellars fly across the country (2021-08-03) 3. The state cellars (000568).
Motions, 14-5 fingernails, 3-a (2021-07-01) Compensation reforms to stimulate business activity (2021-04-30) 5. Cemetery in the Länder (000568), structural upgrading & control of Ferlian
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.