Food and drink in the old cellars of Xiangzhou (000568), state cellars, supermixes, 14,500 to 3 k, southwest securities research and development centre.
Incidents: On June 29, 2021, the Cemetery of Sanzhou held an annual stockholders meeting, where management presented the company’s business and development plans, and actively interacted with investors.
Over the same period last year, $820 went up to about $910, the terminal price went up to $1,000, the 21H1 growth round continued to lead high-end liquor, and the brand was fast-tracked.
The Cedars will continue to maintain a high degree of stability and consistency in the quality of the cellars. 3. From a regional point of view, during the 13th century, the cellars recovered and consolidated traditional niche markets, with outstanding results in emerging markets such as East and South China.
For the third year in a row, the region has become a champion of growth, and the South China region is growing at a remarkable rate, with seven districts throughout the country now in a state of normality.
The old guest brand returns to its value, significantly streamlines the redundant sku, and establishes the specials, the silt age, the headlines, the diagonal layers, a well-defined matrix of products, and, through resource tilting and positive price increases, the old silvicultural brands are rejuvenating their value. 2. It is worth noting that companies used to make constant price increases for the old ad.
Return; the current adjective is on the 300-dollar terminal, with a low-value check, and the brand is still good, the pay reforms are dynamic, and the medium- and long-term development path is clear. During the period of 1, 13 and 5, the company achieved value renewal through radical reform, branding, product focus, five monoliths, exclusive companies.
The model works well and solid past work builds strong development potentials, laying a solid foundation for future development. 2, which benefits from the accelerated layout of the 1,000 dollar price belt and potential market, the cellar will continue to grow at a very high level of quality and lead to an accelerated upgrading of the product structure; at the same time, through the full combing of the 13th Five-Year Period.
The company is expected to implement medium- and long-term incentives as a means of accelerating business development: 1. The state cellar (000568), which is growing steadily, and is well paid, is expected to grow rapidly.
On this basis, the company actively promotes the reform of the pay system, the construction of a market-based pay system, the full mobilization of the pay reform, which stimulates business dynamism (2021-04-30). At the same time, the company actively promotes young talent through high-quality selection and change mechanisms.
2. Cedars (000568): structural upgrading & control of feeble entry into management; pay reform and talent selection progressing steadily, further strengthening of managerial advantages, upgrading of integrity, driving high performance growth (2021-03-30)
3. Cemetery (000568), product structure upgrades and cost increases, leading to high performance growth, 4. Cemetery (000568), recovery of the cellar is good.
Low-end alcohol short-term pressure (2020-08-28) No direct or indirect compensation will not be obtained for, or for, specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.