On the morning of September 27, the company released a draft stock incentive plan:
1) No more than 521 directors, middle and senior managers, core cadres of restricted stocks are to be awarded, and the total number of incentive plans are not expected to be released. By the end of April, the company had published the Senior Manager ' s Remuneration and Examination Management Scheme for the Cedars, Inc., which states that it will build an appraisal based primarily on business performance.
In addition, since 2018, a number of white wine companies have issued stock incentives, and this draft incentive has been put on the ground for boots.
According to the draft plan, the stimulus will cover a wide range of 521 persons, including 9 directors and senior managers, with a total of 770.9 million shares, or 7,93% of the total.
In recent years, companies have been pushing ahead with a wide range of product, business, channel, etc., and marketing upgrades along with full-price product layout and brand values. The pace of corporate reform has been more positive this year, with the re-establishment of “minorist” sales companies in June; and August.
Incentives include the selection of 21 companies that are listed on the list of white and yellow wine, with a performance target of 25% of the industry ' s roe and profit growth, i.e., in the top three to the top four of the industry, in line with current corporate positioning and objectives: cost ratio, last year.
Cost rates are around 40%, with little pressure on the target. In aggregate, the assessment of the target match company strategy, with steady progress, leads the company to the first three objectives of the industry, and future development is expected. Maintaining profit projections, net profits are expected to reach $7.53 billion and $8.91 billion, respectively, in 2021-2022.
This report is written by the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. investment and investment services provided by the Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not ... personal clients. This report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued.
The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and associated companies may have used or recommended any action on the use of the Report. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may not have taken any action on the use of the Report.
The information and opinions in this report may or may not be changed before the notice is given. The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may have an opinion or stand on the certificate  described in the report, or may buy, sell or offer the certificate described in the report. The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and its subsidiaries and associated companies may buy the certificate in the report on their behalf, or on behalf of others;@. The report is not intended to sell or induce customers to trade in the certificate mentioned in the report.