The Sini San can't get away with it, it's high-end white wine, and the profits are growing faster.
The company disclosed that it had achieved operating income of $9.317 billion, an increase of 22.04 per cent, \triangleright, of which single q2 achieved operating income of $4.313 billion, an increase of 5.67 per cent over the same year.
Two hundred and sixty billion yuan, an increase of 36.10 per cent over the same period, is slowing down, mainly in the second quarter of the year, when the company controls the pace of delivery, the age of the special scaffolds, etc. are in the period of price increases. By product, medium- and high-end products are growing brightly, driving performance growth.
The net profit from sales of 2021h1 \triangleright 3.83ptc, mainly due to faster growth in the cellars and higher-middle-end product ratios.
The utilization rate of 16.44 per cent was 1.84 pct less than the previous year, with sales costs of 12.7 per cent less than the same year. In addition, the net cash flow generated by the operation of 2021h1 was $2.738 billion, with the same increase in the prices of the company's products in full shape, and brand revival and value return steadily advanced.
Implementation of the brand revival project, with a clear focus on the strategy of “two brands, three faculties, and big monoliths.” The Treasury has continued to lead high brand heights, market shares, product profits, brand image and high-end prices, 28th floor of ITC, 69th West Street, Taiwon City.
The value continues to rise: the return of branded wine and consumer confidence has gradually taken shape, and the management of marketing has been significantly reformed at 28 South China Sea Street in Beijing City West Side; and the innovation system is constantly meeting the diversity and segmentation of the city.
Intercenter 7 floor demand. The company has almost achieved a full product price layout, brand rejuvenation and return of value to Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd.
The first half of the year was controlled by steady prices and robust growth in performance. With the onset of the season, the second half of the year is expected to accelerate \triangleright, which has not been able to meet the demand for mahogany and \triangleright, and there is ample room for future price growth for the country’s customers.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have no, no reason, nor will I be compensated in any way, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity or position.
or the information available in the course of his or her profession serves his or her own personal interests or those of others.