Incentives for restricted shares were put in place, which helped companies to develop over the long term.
The company ' s restrictive equity incentive scheme, which is now in place, has a wide range of incentives. The company ' s restrictive equity incentive scheme (draft) for 2021, which accounts for 90.04% of the total awards.
More than 521 people have a wide range of incentives. A broader range of incentives can be effective in consolidating talent advantages, tying core talent interests, and facilitating the smooth running of companies’ subsequent business.
For the sale period of 24 months and 36 months after the award, restricted shares are locked during the sale period. Three indicators of the first-time rate of growth of the company and cost as a proportion of operating income are set out. For the sale of restricted shares, the company ' s restricted shares will be sold separately for three years, at 40 per cent, 30 per cent, and 30 per cent, respectively.
Eleven companies, including Guo Dai, Five Grains, and Shanxi Liquor. The company’s restrictive stock incentive scheme, which has been launched this time, has put in place sound long-term corporate incentives, not only to test the company’s performance, to fully motivate its employees, but also to rationalize the cost of the company’s work and contribute to its long-term healthy development.
Since its inception, the company has been working on the production and sale of strong fragrance white wine, which has been included in the high-end white ladders with your state station and five grain fluids, and has already had some municipal influence in the Core Monuments 1573. The company has previously set a 2021 performance growth target, which seeks to achieve a business income growth rate of no less than 15%.
The company’s 2021 restrictive equity incentive program (draft) will further support the company’s performance goals. In December 2020, the company set a “new $10 billion” target for the cellar, 1573 for sales in 2022 and 2025.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and I have a hard-working career attitude and an independent and objective presence.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.