We're in the middle of a major event, and we're moving forward, we're moving forward, we're going up, we're going up, we're going up, we're going up, we're going up, we're going up, we're going up, we're going up, we're going up, we're going up, we're going up, we're going up, we're going up, we're going up, we're going up, we're going, we're going up, we're going up, we're going up, we're going, we're going up, we're going, we're going, we're going up, we're going, we're going up, we're going up, we're going, we're going up, we're going, we're going up, we're going.
Chen Qingqing Lee Ying Lin ' s Food and Drink Perspective: 1) Management has a clear vision and long-term vision, business is steadily advancing, and internal life is growing; 2) short-term, 21q2 returns are sold
Goodness, price stability, and continued upwards in the cellar; 3) In the medium and long term, brand values continue to return and 145,000 high targets guide steady growth in performance; Management has a clear vision, long-term vision, steady progress in business, and growing internal capacity.
Brands: In 2020, the country's guests had moved to a national brand, and the seven regions of the country were now normal and benign; among them, the China-East market had entered a state of rapid growth (growth efficiency for three consecutive years was the champion), and the South China market was now growing rapidly, and this year might be the new champion of growth. 2) The Tianxing State brand: the current special is a great advance, and the future Liang-zhou brands continue their value path. (3) High Light brands: High Light is independent of the cellars and Qing.
Beyond the state silos, products are planned for 5-10 years to build a third growth curve, and the channel layout and so forth are still being tweaked. Overall, management has a clear approach to development, based on the current long-term perspective, with a focus on building young talent ladders, steady progress in business, and growing internal capacity. In the short run, 21q2 returns are good for sale, prices are rising steadily, and the state cellars continue to rise.
According to recent research, 1) the state of the cellars continues to rise and prices are rising steadily. 21q2 companies have made good payments, and now the state of the cellar returns are about 60-70%, the price of the batch is around $910-920 per bottle, and the inventory remains benign. As the price of the cellars continues to rise, the price of the cellars will continue to be opened up.
With regard to alcohol, it is expected that it will continue to stand at 300 dollars in the future. 3) With regard to low alcohol, following a complete upgrade in April this year, the company has recently established a large-scale strong-colour company that operates high-light, headline, and second-challenged brands and is expected to land in July. This will focus on the light bottle track, the long-term layout, and the long-range dimension, or the twin-track drive of the company with high-end brands.
In the context of recent corporate feedback and research, we expect 21q2 companies to have either increased or slowed their revenue performance, mainly due to the impact of the second quarter’s down season demand, with relatively low end-of-the-end sales and, in line with the firm’s price stability, the company’s initiative to stop stocking in some regions and make savings in the middle and autumn seasons. We believe that the corporate product system is gradually being optimized, the channel base is becoming stronger, brand power is continuously released, short-term factors affect the long-term overall growth logic, and future company prices remain high.
Over the 21-year period, corporate target revenues grew by more than 15%, taking into account the continuing high profile of the industry and the continuing momentum of the cellar, and we expect the year-end revenue targets to be met above expectations. In the medium-to-long term, brand values continue to return, and 1405 high targets guide a steady period of growth in performance.
In the medium-to-long term, the firm’s ambition is high, its path is clear, and the 14th Five-Year Plan is to “comprehensively attack, full-scale sprint, full-scale counter-optimal” and to implement the 136th strategy and insist on brand revival. In the 13th Five-Year Period, the cellar brand has entered the top three branches of the industry, and three high-end white wine camps have been restructured. In the 14th Five-Year Period, the company is confident that it will achieve its goal of returning to the first three branches of the industry as a whole.
As one of the high-end leaders, the cellar, with its unique and excellent marketing and channel model, is expected to continue to enjoy high-end alcohol and dividends based on a strong branding and channel, with further space for price growth opening as the cellar moves in and stands on a thousand-dollar price belt, and nationalization continues to deepen in the future.
Macroeconomic risk; high-end alcohol demand less than expected; price increases less than expected. Schedule: Financial Forecasts and Valuations.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels and that the logic of analysis is based on his professional understanding, seeking objectivity and fairness by reasoning his judgement and drawing conclusions