Performance targets show commitment, equity incentive schemes lead to corporate development - Stock incentive schemes in the Penang State (000568), event: company launch of restrictive stock incentive plans for 2021 (draft), restricted to be awarded in this plan
Incentives cover core personnel, performance targets highlight corporate commitment. In terms of incentives, the incentive scheme covers no more than 521 persons, including directors, senior managers, middle managers and core cadres, of which senior directors and directors make up about 7.93 per cent of the total.
For the 21 listed enterprises in Shin Wan's beverage manufacturing industry, the Unit's rights incentive scheme is conducive to the creation and development of effective incentives for public directors to attract and retain talented people and to fully motivate core staff.
Heyuhang@cczq.com
Under the counter-price strategy, the stock incentive scheme led to development The cellar has maintained a price of about $900 in 1573 batches and stocks for about a month, while parts of the country are still on hold, with more than 90 per cent of the proceeds expected from the cellar nationwide and slightly behind the return schedule.
Mid-Autumn feedback shows that the old cellar as a whole is running well, up from 2019. In 2021, the company's strategy focused on "double brands, trilogy, big monoliths" and continued to raise the value of the country's 1573 high-end brands.
The annual performance growth is more certain. Looking ahead for the next three years, the equity incentive scheme is expected to lead the company towards parity.
The net profits of the parent company were 74.36, 91.50, 11,779 million yuan: ps 5.08, 6.25 and Chengdu China (Sichuan) free trade test.
This report is presented independently and objectively, using legally compliant information. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be.
The company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving this report, and has no direct business agreement with the company. The reader is not a client of the company, and the company does not have proper responsibility.
The report is based on information that the company considers to be reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which are subject to change without notice.
The company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the opinions, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values, and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. For other professionals in the company (including but not limited to salesmen, traders), based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance, this document contains analytical comments or trade views that are not consistent with this report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up on the corresponding updates or modifications.The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are only for the information of investors and not for the purchase or sale of securities or their sale.
This view, the proposal, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, the financial situation and the specific needs of the persons to be covered by this report, and consults with any professional financial consultant in the areas of finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of future relevant studies in this report and the Division. The company and the author will not bear any of the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.