The main coal industry has grown steadily and has increased its performance without loss or gain Incident: On 30 August 2022, the Xiaoxi industry published its semi-annual report. The company achieved the Xiaoxi coal industry (601225.sh) during the reporting period
The operating income was $83,690 million, an increase of 14.86 per cent over the same period; the net return to the mother was $24,598 million, a net cash flow of $18,194 million over the same period, an increase of 25.69 per cent over the same period. The company achieved operating income in the second quarter, the upward trend in the price of coal in the second quarter, and the coal plate performed well.
Tens of thousands of tons, or 1.1 per cent more than the same year; trade in coal sales of 42.6607 million tons, or 36.95 per cent less than the same year; a slight increase in production and a continuing upward trend in prices, with companies selling coal of their own for the first half of the year, an increase of 42.33 per cent; and a combined sale price of $681.71 million/ton of coal, or 42.38 per cent more than the same year.
The cost of carbon rose slightly, with coal unit costs of $447.21 per ton in the first half of the year, an increase of 20.51 per cent in the same year; the cost of trade coal unit costs of $731.61 per ton, an increase of 44.25 per cent; trade coal was reversed to a gain of $10.36 per ton.
The rise in the ring ratio by 3.34%. The increase in the volume price has led to an increase in coal sales revenue, which in the second quarter was 23.9 billion yuan in self-produced coal, an increase of 12.22% in the ring.
The company has a 99.56% share in the company and a 100% share in the mine. The area belongs to one of the country’s 14 large coal bases.
The company network has built five coal mines with a combined capacity of 29 million tonnes/year. These include the Great Buddha Temple mine (8 million tonnes/year), the Hujia river mine (5 million tonnes/year), and the Mandarin slope mine (4 million tonnes/year).
The company’s coal production is expected to flow into the public company if the group’s assets are successfully injected.
Itd's the right to prospecting for Trench Rabbits No. 1 and No. 3 in the Godland, both of which are now included in the provincial regulations.
First draft. Of this amount, 8 million tonnes/year are in the field of Trench Rabbit I, which is currently not being developed, and will need to be demonstrated after the demonstration of the Guo family bank water safety coal mining technology has matured: 10 million tonnes/year of construction of the Trench Rabbit III mine.
Steady growth in the main battalion combined with increased non-recurring gains and losses, with semi-annual performance exceeding expectations. 2022 Non-recurring corporate gains and losses in the first half of the year totalled $9,576 million, of which the Lungi Green Energy share was sold
This resulted in an increase in investment returns of 2,916 million yuan; a change in accounting methods for investment in Lungi green energy increased gains and losses on fair value by 9,739 million yuan, resulting in a net profit increase of 9,491 million yuan, or 38.59 per cent of the current net return to the mother.
Plus, we measure that the net return on the company ' s second quarter is $7.7 billion, an increase of 5.48 per cent over the same period, and we expect the company ' s performance to be more innovative throughout the year. \triangleright
The price of coal is expected to be supported by continued pressure from the annual winter supply of electricity and a recovery in demand from the downstream coal. The company’s mini-insurance company, when it comes to production, will be able to reach production this year, and the profitability of the Xianxi coal industry will continue to increase.
Fair value changes increase corporate performance. We believe that in the context of persistent energy inflation, risk factors are: macroeconomic uncertainty; geopolitical factors influence the global economy; uncertainties in policies in coal, electricity-related industries; and accidents in safe production in coal mines.
Member of the Committee for Operational Audit, of the China Geology and Minerals Economics Society, and member of the pool of experts of China's International Engineering Consulting Corporation, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of China's Coal Industry Association (which chaired) for more than a decade, engaged in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, and chaired the “13th and fifth” national coal survey and development planning study, revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultations.
Since 2019, it has been responsible for research on the coal sector. Li Chunzi, cfa, a member of the Chinese Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, and a Bachelor of Finance, Nanjing University, have worked as a license in the field of electricity and natural gas.
Qin Ho, a master's degree in electricity systems from Austin, University of Texas, United States of America, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity market conversion, virtual power plant applications, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022, in electricity industry studies.
In July 2022, he joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre, a non-consensual and non-consensual component of the coal and coal industry, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.