Cars or help companies bounce back into the ground, and the main business of the company is research on the whole car (including passenger cars, commercial cars).
Summary reported: Upper Gas Group collected $376.3 billion in the first half of 2019, a 19 per cent decline in the same year; homecoming, production and marketing, and flag companies included the upper gas public, the upper gas utility, the upper gas passenger cars, etc. The company is actively moving forward.
New-energy cars, commercialization of Internet cars, and technological research and industrial exploration, such as intelligent driving: R & D, production, marketing of parts and components: logistics, auto electricians, export
Trade in automobile services such as line services, energy-saving services and charge-backing services takes a full-line fall in brand sales by car, delaying collection and performance.
In comparison with 2018, most companies under the company’s umbrella had a decline in sales in the area of industrial intelligence.
Accompanied by the drop in sales, the up-scaling group’s low capacity utilization of companies has had a significant impact on profits. In addition, the public investment in the construction of a special plant for new energy vehicles has given rise to major issues for the next three to six months:
By 2020, new energy/luxury vehicles/off-shore operations will have recovered and continued to grow significantly in the company’s production. Mass cars will be launched in a number of new and new types of vehicles by 2020.
The construction of the specialized plants is proceeding rapidly, with the first test vehicles down as early as November.
In the next 1-2 years, the Caddy brand, under the umbrella of the upper-carat group, will enter a powerful product cycle of total equity/circulation (in millions of shares). The Cadillac product will be replaced almost entirely by a new model, with multiple new ones.
The volume of sales is expected to increase significantly compared to the previous generation in the area of the pre-filling gap. In addition, the up-scaling of auto-owned brands has grown rapidly, with exports growing by 80% in the first half of the year.
Liu Yiming, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, most brand sales under the flag have increased, and revenue and net profits have fallen.
In the first half of 2019, the upper gas group collected $376.3 billion, a 19 per cent decline in the same year; the net profit to the mother was $13.76 billion, a 27.39 per cent decline in the same year; the net profit to the non-mortality group was $12.5 billion, a 27.6 per cent decline in the same year; the main reason for the fall in profits to the upper gas group was the almost full-scale decline in the sale of car brands under the company’s flag.
In the first half of the year, the volume of gas sales fell by 9.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis, 12.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis, 13.2 per cent on a vehicle, 13.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and the source of financial prosperity in the east, figure 5: the volume of gas sales and the rate of increase in the same year.
Figure 6: The upward-air utility of Mitsubishi sales and the same-year increase, accompanied by a decline in sales, has had a significant impact on profits by bringing up the upper-carbon group ' s output utilization rate to a low level in recent years.
2. New energy vehicles, luxury cars and overseas operations support long-term growth by 2.1, which will boost performance significantly by 2020
Mass cars will be installed in a variety of new and new energy-driven vehicle models by 2020. These models are based on a public-designed meb platform for pure electric vehicles, which has a chassis and body optimization for electric features, with a combined product strength that is better than most of the “oil-modified” vehicles currently on the market.
The first types of mebs include an electric suv called id.roomzz, a Scorda video and an Odysq4e-tron. The construction of a special meb factory is progressing rapidly, and the first test vehicles are down as early as November. According to public information, the popular meb is new.
Only 10 months after the construction of an energy car factory in Shanghai, the main building of the plant has been largely completed, and some workshops have entered the equipment calibration stages, at a pace similar to that of the Tesla plant in Shanghai. The meb plant is designed to produce 300,000 vehicles, and is able to share some of the process production needs of other industrial plants currently operating in the general public, further reducing costs.
Before meb was launched, many new energy vehicles for the public had been listed and achieved good results. The Pasadephev version became available in the month of 2019. These new energy vehicles will accumulate good slogans for meb. 2.2 The Cadillac product line will expand to keep bba close to bba.
In the next 1-2 years, the Cadillac brand, under the umbrella of the upper-car consortium, will enter a strong product cycle. The change of the Cadillac product will result in a substantial overhaul of the entire vehicle model, along with the introduction of several new models to fill the gap, which is expected to increase significantly compared to the previous generation’s sales.
Previously, Cadillac had grown robustly as a second-line limo brand, selling 115,000 vehicles in the first half of the year, an increase of 2 per cent over the same year, and then following the bba, it was clear that the car market was running.
According to customs data, in the first half of the year there were 383,000 vehicles exported by the Queens and Mg brands, an increase of 81% over the same year. Of these, Mgzs was ranked third in the list of national-producing vehicle exports, with as many as 19.2 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 74% over the same period.
In addition, companies in overseas factories in Indonesia, Thailand, and India have started to contribute to localized sales, and globalization has been further improved. In the first half of the year, companies combined sold more than 20,000 vehicles in Thailand and Indonesia.
We expect 6.4 million vehicles to be sold during the year, a 9.3 per cent decline over the same year, with a significant positive increase in Cadillac and overseas sales, while the rest of the brands/markets will continue to record a decline. With the launch of the public-brand meb platform electric vehicles in 2020, the abundance of Cadillac product lines and domestic sales,
As the car market improves, companies are expected to increase their sales overall, and the prices of raw materials have risen dramatically.
Upper Steam Group (600104): New Energy, Luxury Cars, or Helping the Company Resist from the Bottom.
Liu Qinghua University Bachelor of Arts, Dartmouth College, United States of America, seven years of experience in project management and technology development in the auto parts and components industry at home and abroad.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Upper Steam Group (600104): New energy sources, luxury cars, or help companies hit the ground, do not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice they contain. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.