Options for consuming automobiles and auto parts Upload group sales rating: stocking progress is higher than expected and health developments are expected in the second half of the year Event: company release of sales data for June: total sales of 467,000, a decrease in the same year
16 per cent. Of these, 154,000 were sold by the upper-gas public, a decrease of 13 per cent in the same year; 140,000 were sold by the upper-gas commons, an increase of 0.2 per cent in the same-year period; 100,000 were sold by the upper-gas commons, a decrease of 36 per cent in the same-year period; and 50,000 were sold by the upper-air fleet, a decrease of 11 per cent in the same-year period.
In June, at the midway point between the fifth and sixth, the company cleaned up the country’s inventory and added a six-wheeler. According to the progress of inventory removal, the volume of sales varied: there was a decrease in the volume of high gas sales, and there was a decrease in the use of upper gas.
Cars are driven by lower prices, and sales are recovering faster. It is expected that the drop in sales in the second half of the year will gradually shrink and are expected to grow. Upper gas is in the new product cycle, and the industry cycle is up. Upper gas is expected to grow in the second half of the year.
There are several new cars, such as Ancora, Bruzes, ct4, ct5, xt6, which are expected to bring about a sustained increase and increase in profitability.
The country's six new cars have been marketed and recovered through a six-way discount to meet industry's health, total market value/flow (millions of dollars).
Inventory entry - 2019/06/11 Review: Industry through the valley, leadership business - 2019/04/30
Queries: steady growth in the winter, high scores, upper-mortality group sales: stock progress is higher than expected, healthy growth is expected in the second half of the year, upper-mortality group sales are higher than expected, healthy growth is expected in the second half of the year.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report