The Sini Shan Exchange has been reported by the Steam Group (600104.sh) for the reasons: Quick Report on Production and Marketing.
In June 2019, the company’s car sales were equally weak, with a consistent negative growth in production and sales, but the same decline was narrow to varying degrees, reducing inventory characteristics.
At the industry level, overall pressure on distributors is higher, through higher discounts and higher monthly sales.
• Basic data: 31 March 2019, with a large difference in the output of the upper-cartel subsidiary, the upper-gas utility achieved a one-month ratio.
Positive growth (0.21 per cent increase over the same year), with the same drop in the sales of upper gas, upper gas in passenger cars, upper gas in general, and the same decrease in the sales of upper gas in general, upper gas in Ivico, Nanjing Ivico, upper gas in real terms, and the application of national standards for emissions in the same way, with the discounts and promotions generated by national banks in the fifth year ending with the addition of consumers.
In the long run, the upper-mortality conglomerate, leading the country's entire car industry, leading the city, the complete product system, the larger investment in R & D, has a leading advantage in a number of sub-sectors, and corporate sales have gradually improved, and as competition in the industry has increased, the public has become more competitive.
The Division is expected to build on its strengths to expand its leadership and further stabilize corporate performance.
The positive internal and overseas layout provides companies with a high security margin. Considering the company’s leading position in many of the car-separated markets, and the company’s sales are gradually improving, as the industry competes with China, 28 Sinrixi Street in Beijing City City.
The company is expected to expand its leadership and further stabilize its performance with its own advantage.
According to the JMC data, as a result of the implementation of the national six emission standards in some parts of the country in early July, the distributors as a whole were under greater pressure to accelerate national inventory clearance by increasing discounts and promoting sales, with significant overall returns in June, good retail end performance and improvement in the wholesale end, but the aggregate remained under pressure and negative growth was significant.
2. Affiliates have a large difference, with the same monthly sales as the same sales of upper gas groups, which, by their calibre, have achieved a positive and positive increase in single-month sales only, and a greater and equal decline in the sales of upper gas, upper-air vehicles, upper-air traffic, and higher gas traffic, upper-air Ivique, Nanjing Ivique, upper gas.
Companies, as pioneers in the car industry, have a wide range of car-types, based on quadrupling, joint ventures and autonomous co-optations, and active domestic and overseas layouts, providing companies with a high security margin. Given the company’s technological edge, companies are ahead in many of the car’s segmented markets, while companies are in a position to do so.
The situation is gradually improving, and as competition in the industry increases, the company is expected to expand its lead position and further stabilize its performance by its own advantage. (2) Automobile sales fall short of expectations.
The person undertakes not to use the information available in his or her identity, location and practice for his or her own personal gain or for that of another person.