Selective car and car parts are reported in the steam group: the lead is well run, the stock is lightly loaded, and the bottom of the city is stacked with the country's five stores, and the company's performance is as good as expected.
Intra-employee price promotion campaigns that promote local sales effectively clean up inventories, have little impact on the overall pricing system of the market. In the late stages of the market, companies maintain relative stability, maintain a better scale of profit, and have an excellent resilience to risk.
The company invests in new energy cars, total equity/flow (million shares) in electric cars and fuel cell core layouts.
Total market value/flow (millions) Marvelxpro, equipped with autonomous parking, smart cabin, smart driving aids such as zebra intellectuals 12 months/minimum in yuan
Systems, reflecting the highest standards of autonomy, are intelligent. Shared travel is growing rapidly, operating well in Shanghai.
The next half of the year, the upper-mortality group (600104), hopes to resume growth in the second half, consumers are more focused on the quality of the market, and industry's leading markets are or will be.
Question: whether or not it's perfect to keep the pace up and up and up. Except for its own growth beyond the industry, the rate of corporate dividends is maintained at 5%.
Steaming - 2019/04/30.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report