Company review report  Automotive industry  (600104.sh)
The company published its semi-annual report for 2019. The company achieved its operating income of $376,293 million, and (i) the industry's six-month delay in its performance and the growth of new energy vehicles could not offset the overall decline. During the reporting period, the company's total revenue was 19.05 per cent, amounting to $376,293 million.
Tens of thousands of vehicles, 42% more than the previous year, continued their rapid growth; exports and overseas sales reached 145,000, 11.5% more than the same year, and the entire export continued to be the country’s number one. Overall, new quantities remain difficult to share in the downward pressure on major sales, with a high base and a five-country switch in the same period last year.
The impact has further increased the difficulty of steady corporate growth. (ii) The same ratio of branding under the flag has decreased, with efficiency gains over the industry’s agonizing period.
Annual revenues of $112,789 million fell by 19 per cent compared to the same year, while net returns to mothers decreased by 36 per cent from the same year to $9,883 million; net gains fell by 59 per cent compared to the same year, to $843 million; the first half of the year, recorded a decrease of 70,563 million, compared with 14 per cent, and a 30 per cent decline compared to the same year, to 3,364 million.
Companies reduce their cost budgets while focusing on priority projects to optimize the pace of payment. Once again, they push for lean production and improve operational efficiency. Companies deepen their efforts to improve the management and operation of the entire value chain, further shorten the delivery cycle and accelerate market response.
(iii) Actively expanding new domestic and foreign operations and looking forward to a future industrial rebound.
Aero-smart driving domain controller i-ecu commercializes bulk production, high-precision electronic maps, applications, and corporate co-development mechanisms on the smart driving chain are basically formed. The zebra-wiring system, version 3.0, is officially released, and the scene engine is more functional, and more scenes are being created.
At the same time, following the initial success of the upper-gas “Overseas Internet Automobile Model” in Thailand, this year’s technology spill has accelerated to Indian markets.
The company, as one of the leading representatives of the domestic mainframe plant, had a full-blown electric intelligence before it, and the industry would benefit from the flagship dividend when it was able to clear itself.
(1) The overall increase in the automobile industry is not as fast as expected; (2) the risk of re-grading new energy vehicles: