The next half of the year is expected to pick up production.
The Chinese Automobile Production Update report for the first half of 2019 recorded a cumulative sales of 2.937,000 vehicles, a decrease of 16.62% from the same year. As a result of increased motor vehicle promotion, (current prices as of 24 July)
Upper gas sales were better, and the drop was narrower; upper gas crowds/uplift cars continued to decline but retail outlets recovered at a target price of cny25.3 (+2.47%); upper gas used Mitsubishi continued to be under pressure. We believe that the corporate brand of the powerful product cycle is public.
The major support for maintaining a steady career and better than the industry’s average; the company’s own brand expansion is likely to be challenged in a context of continued low business climates and high market price pressure. Common stockholders (millions of shares):
In the first half of the year 2019, the domestic car market was depressed and the company’s sales were capped for 52 weeks at the highest/minimum price (PR):
In 2019, the domestic car market continued to be depressed, with a 14 per cent drop in volume sales in the previous six months, while the six-standard switch and car stings in the five countries continued to exacerbate the expectations of potential buyers.
According to the sales figures published by the Shanghai Automotive Corporation, 2.937,000 vehicles were sold in the first half of 2019.
16.62 per cent of this total, 919 million vehicles, a decrease of 9.9 per cent in the same year; 834,000 general purpose vehicles, a decrease of 12.9 per cent in the same year; 744,000 general purpose Mitsubishis, a decrease of 29.2 per cent in the same year; 311,000 vehicles, a decrease of 13.2 per cent in the same year, in total, due to increased motor pattern promotion, a decrease in general purpose vehicles sales
Better performance, with a narrow drop in the drop; higher crowds/uploads of cars continuing to fall but returning to retail ends; upper gas usage, Mitsubishi continuing to press down.
In order to speed up the storage of the country’s five-car fleets, an increase in support was made in the lead-up to the launch of a 3 billion-million-dollar package to support the replacement of the three or more emission standards in the Haitian region.
In June, demand has improved, and we predict that the same drop will gradually narrow in the second half of the year as base numbers have fallen. The new cars in 2019 include t-cross, a new generation of polo, a full-time fast-tracker, a Twayangcoupe, and a new new ANC, Breser, a Cadillac, and Xt6, which combines new energy models.
The capital will gradually cover the hybrid and completely new versions of the vehicle-type version. The Rx5max will soon be marketed on board, with several new energy models being launched by Ronwei and the Monsignor. We believe that the intensive deployment of the new model and the six-car sale in the country will help improve the company’s overall monocar price in the second half of the year.
At worst or in the past, changes in business patterns favour head-carrying companies, and we believe that, in addition to years of high-speed growth and the need to adjust itself after the expansion of the base, macro-optimal economic conditions and China-United States trade are important reasons for crushing consumption confidence, adding up emission standards and new energy.
Source: companyreports, phillipsecuritiesest.
The company is expected to be in a relative position in the second half of the year when the city is resurfacing. Our conservative estimate is $2.77/2.97 for 2019-2020, taking into account the company’s relatively high share of cash.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
We don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know.
It's not like you're the only one who can't do it, but you're the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Indoeventwillphiliduesbeliableforanispecial, incidact, cidentalcontributal dammageswichmaybeincurredroomuseoftheinformabilityorresearchadavaable, evenifitasbeenadviewofpossibilityofsuchdamages.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, this publicity shouldnotbeliereduponasauthoritative with unfurtherbeing subject totheotherecipiensionandexerciseof judgment.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't think it's a good idea, but it's a good idea, not a good idea, not a good idea.
I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say.
I don't know if I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
2019 philipsecurities (longkong) limited companynameinatingcoverage containing company
I'm sorry, sir, but I'm sorry, sir, but I'm sorry.
phillipsecuritiespted phillipsecuritiesjapan, ltd 250northbridgeroad, #06-00rafflescitytower,
b-3-6blockblevel3, meganavenueii, 4-2 nihonbashikabutocho, chuo-ku no.12, jalanyapkwanseng, 50450 kualumpur
Indonesia china india
philipsecuritiesindonesia phillipfinncialdvisory (shanghai)co.ltd. philipcapital (india) privatized
Anztowerlevel23b, jljendsudirmankav33a, no.1, 18thloor, urmiestate, 95ganpatraokadammarg, jakarta 10220, indonesia
I don't know what you're talking about.
I mean, I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do.
3rdfloor, 35ruedelabienfaisance 6thfloor, candlewickhouse, 120cannonstreet silom, bangrak, bangkok 10500thailand
75008parisfrance london, ec4n6as unted states
I don't know what you're talking about.
"Phillipcapitalaustralia ashaphillipsecuritiesmitted level12, 15 williamstreet,
Quevel4, mileniumhouse, 46/58 naavammawatha, the chicagoboardoftradebuilding melbourne, Victoria 3000, australia
Colombo2, Srilanka chicago, l606004usa hongkong
phillipsecurities(hk)ltd 11/fedcentre95queenswayhongkong