The upper conglomerates have passed the low point, and the outlook is still open, and the net return to the mother stands at $13.76 billion, a 27.5 per cent decline in the same year; $1.18 per share. The company sells in the first half of the year.
The sale of 2.937,000 cars, a decline of 16.6% over the same period, a decline in income but a relative rigidity such as partial costs, coupled with large, short-term lows, which are expected to improve gradually in the second half of the year. The company, as a leader in the domestic automobile industry, is expected to benefit fully. The company continues to invest in areas such as neo-diversion, leads in competitiveness, and looks at luxury cars.
And the outlook for overseas markets. Domestic automobile sales are low, we've lowered profit forecasts, companies are expected to have low sales, downside, short-term performance pressure. Domestic car sales, as a result of the macroeconomic slowdown, remain low, with 209h1 selling 2.93 million cars (16.6%), a slight decrease.
Higher than the industry average, the foreign five went to stock promotions, etc., leading to a drop in sales prices, a slight drop in revenues, a near parity in advertising and other costs, and an increase in sales costs by 1.0 pct, resulting in an increase of 0.9 pct in four rates.
In the medium-to-long term, there are about 173 domestic cars, only one-fifth of the United States, and there is much room for growth. The country’s economy continues to grow at a faster rate, with a steady increase in disposable income for residents, and our cars dry in the future.
Car sales peaked at around 36-48 million vehicles, and there is much room for growth in the automobile industry. In the short term, domestic automobile sales have been declining since the second half of 2018, and are now growing in the current round.
New quadrupled competitiveness continues to be a leader, looking at luxury cars and the outlook for overseas markets. With regard to new energy, the Division’s second generation plug-in power-drived power transmission tanks, fuel cell reactors, and other key components such as systems continue to break through, with 82,000 vehicles (+42%) sold in the first half of the year.
Quantified product release using the market price of 29 August 2019 as the last kilometre of the autonomous parking function, production of i-ecu, commercialization of high-precision electronic maps, in addition to the company
There's a lot of cooperation with China, China, China, and others in the fields of unmanned and intelligent transport. Companies are actively investing in new quadruple areas and continuing to be competitive. Auto-consumption boosts luxury car sales.
New cars such as Cadillacxt6/ct5 are on the market, and the Van Ordi project is on the move, promising to become a future growth point. Companies continue to push the global layout, exports and overseas sales in the first half of the year.
Upper Steam Group - Short-term Performance Pressure, Long-term Development Good 1) Market competition has increased and sales and profit margins have declined; 2) Central American trade conflicts have continued to escalate.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations Automobile: car-to-car, chart 4.