A study by the Northern rare earth (600111) company covered for the first time: the global rare earth tap, growing and regenerating.
♪ I'm so happy ♪ ♪ I'm so sorry ♪ ♪ I'm so sorry ♪
The North is the world's largest producer, research, and trade-in-the-ground industry. Since its inception, the company has focused on the development of the rare soil industry, jiayaogan.
The largest production base for rare earth raw materials and the production base for rare earth-based materials are built on the competitive advantages and policies of the White Cloud Obo rare earth resource under the control of the Iron Packing Group of stockholders. 2023 yiiewu
During the year, companies produced 1749 million tons of smelting separation products, representing 72 per cent of the country ' s total rare earth control target, with a steady global supply of raw materials; in the first three quarters of 2024, despite relatively weak prices for rare earth products, mangiwang
There has been a significant increase in the volume of sales of the company ' s main products, with sales of rare earth smelting and isolated products equal to +13 per cent/+20 per cent, sales of rare earth metal products equal to +39 per cent/+28 per cent, and production of rare earth-functional materials, with resource advantages of unique sizes and a steady share of rare earth.
There is the largest iron and rare earth symbiotic mine in the world -- the exclusive right of the White Cloud Obo mine, which has more than 80% of the country’s rare earth reserves. Shareholders supply rare earth concentrates to the North through their subsidiaries of steel, thereby providing companies with secure raw materials and cost guarantees. Companies turn rare earth resource advantages into production.
In 2024, out of a total of two volumes of national rare-earth mining, smelting-smelting-separation-control indicators, companies acquired minerals, smelting-smelting-smelting-separated products with a target of 189,000 tons, and 170 million tons.
• Strengthening the whole industry chain layout, with both rare earth raw materials and functional materials producing high levels of innovation. Companies develop a whole industry chain layout based on rare earth resources, smelting apart as a core, building new materials, and end-use as an extension.
Capability, rare earth metal production, magnetic chip alloys, polishing materials are among the highest in the world, storage of hydrogen alloys is among the highest in the country, and there are layouts in the rare earth-based catalysts, nickel-hydrogen power cells, rare earth permagnets, machine industries, and corporate chains continue to grow in higher value added downstream for 24 years.
During the first half of the year, production of company-owned rare earth raw materials and functional materials rose to record levels during the same period. • With new cycles, performance is expected to be fully released.
We believe that the supply and demand pattern will continue to improve, driven by the demand for new energy vehicles, wind power, and so on, and that the price of rare earth is expected to rise continuously for 25 years.
Profit forecasting and valuation: we expect the company to benefit from its leadership in the global rare earth market and from a valuation of 35 times the value of 2025, taking into account the company ' s leadership position and the synergies in the whole industry chain.