Research report on the Northern rare earth (600111) Synergy development up and down - Northern rare earth (600111) first coverage report based on rare earth resource endowments
The rare earth regulations are officially in force and the supply and demand patterns of the industry are expected to improve at the supply end, where rare earth is the strategic mineral resource for global competition, and where China has the highest storage and production of rare earth resources compared to the world, with a national total control target of 270,000 for rare earth mining and smelting separation in 2024.
With the introduction of the rare earth regulations on 1 October 2024, the supply of rare earth a stock stock (million shares): a new paradigm for sustainable development is expected to deepen further.
Market value in circulation (millions of yuan): Growth of demand for new energy vehicles, wind power generation, industrial robotics, etc., in consumer areas, adding to technological advances in industry and support from national policies, the rare earth industry will open up a period of opportunity for rapid growth.
White Clouds is the world's leading source of rare earth resources, and corporate rare earth distribution indicators are steadily rising.
Tons, the world’s highest. The company’s holding shareholders, the steel company, owns exclusive mining rights for the White Cloud Obo mine, supplies the company with rare earth concentrates, providing a steady source guarantee for its production and operation. The distribution of the company’s rare earth mining and smelting separation indicators has risen steadily, with 70% and 67%, respectively, in the last two years.
The concentration of the earth ' s annual incremental indicators to companies, and the steady and steady acquisition of indicators to consolidate the company ' s capital advantages, core competitiveness and supply security capabilities, reflect the company ' s industrial position and potential for development.
The company develops the rare earth-functional material industry, such as magnetic materials, polishing materials, storage of hydrogen materials, catalytic materials, etc., by means of exclusive establishment, joint venture formation, merger and reorganization.
In October 2024, the company proposed $40 million to set up a joint venture to collect the treasures of the North, and has now obtained a licence to build it.
Current global supply chain security risks are highlighted, the strategic value of the rare earth is rapidly increasing, and the formal implementation of the rare earth regulations further deepens the new pattern of sustainable development along the supply side of the rare earth, with new energy vehicles and wind surges.
The expansion of demand in areas of consumption such as electricity, industrial robots, etc., has given impetus to the development of rare earth industries. We anticipate macroeconomic risks, changes in rare earth policies, changes in market supply and demand, and increased competition.
1.1 With its unique resource advantages, the industry leads the entire industrial chain. China's Northern rare earth (group) high-tech company, Ltd., was founded in 1961 as the 8861 rare earth test plant, which was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 1997 and is known as the “First share of the rare soil of China” 2015.
The year was the first year to complete the formation of a conglomerate group to centralize and manage the resources of the North’s rare earth. The company is the backbone of the rare earth industry, which is the largest, most productive, most productive, research, and trading in one.
Grouping of companies for scientific research and trade integration, forming industrial structures based on rare earth resources, smelting at the core, building new material areas, end-uses for outreach, and continuing to promote industrial restructuring and transformation upgrading based on innovation-driven development strategies, leading to integrated development in the rare lands, between the middle and the downstream.
Figure 1: The company's development history — the construction of the precursor of the steel rare earth smelter, the 8861 rare earth laboratory, began. • On 24 September 1997, with the approval of the Chinese CSRC, the rare earth high school handed over a listed deal.
The holding of a consummation of fine and rare soil, a consummation of steel, and new materials in Jinxi; the establishment of the Shanghai Obo Treasure Company; and the joint venture of a company for the production of raw earth materials, have completed the reorganization of the assets of the rare earth industry of the company Packed Steel (group) with a change in the short title of the stock to “consumed steel and rare earth”.
Launch of a 15,000-ton project to industrialize high-performance magnetic materials, acquisition of 44 per cent of the Beijing Sanjili new material, and launching of a group to build the “Inner Mongolia Packed Steel and Light Land Group.” • Intruding into the rare earth industry in the south, two rare earth enterprises, one in the relative ownership of the Jiangxidan region; and joint venture heading
Precious Treasures is a medical system company that has a 300-per-year long-magnetic resonance imager project. Construction of 4,000 tons of thorium thorium alloy production line: construction of a 4,000-ton annual rare-soil three-skinned fluorescent powder project: launch of the only national and global exchange of rare earth products.
Changed from "Back steel rare earth" to "Norwegian rare earth"; addition of a holding subsidiary, the Prefectural Department of Rains, Kimmon Division, and an additional participating subsidiary, the New Hedge Land and Fida Corporation.
To integrate the steel-packed magnets, Ningbo-Tung-chung, Beijing-Sang-jili, An Qui-Yong-magne, and to reorganize the formation of the Northern rare earth company, which has the largest iron and rare earth-symbiotic mine in the world, the uniques of the White Cloud-Obo mine.
In 2023, the company obtained mineral and smelting smelting-smelting-smelting-smelting-smelting indicators for the distribution of the country’s rare earth mining and smelting-smelting-smelting-smelting-smelting-smelting-smelting-smelting-smelting-smelting-smelting-smelting-smelting-smelting-smelting-smelting-smelting-smelting-smelting-smelting-smelting-smelting-smelting-smelting-smelting-smelting-s-smelting-out-smelting indicators, respectively, for each year.
More than 65 per cent of the total number of indicators, with annual incremental indicators of light and rare earth to be distributed to firms, sustained and stable indicators are achieved with the consolidation of indicators that enhance the company's resource edge, core competitiveness and supply security capacity, reflecting the firm's industry