Precipitation of rare earth supply patterns, leading the way in benefiting from the recovery of net interest rates from revenue growth and sales on 23rd of 2018: performance growth driven by improved company performance in 2017
The main reasons for this include: 1) substantial growth in the volume of trade operations led to an overall increase in the size of the collections: revenue from other company operations (mainly trade-based) amounted to $3.465 billion in 2017, compared to 2016: increased sales of rare earth raw materials and rare earth-functional materials led to an increase in the volume of revenue generated by the sale of rare earth-based materials: little companies in 2017.
The sale of raw materials was 58050 tons, an increase of 23.99 per cent in the same year, and of rare earth materials was 38964 tons, an increase of 76.10 per cent in the same year, which led to a recovery in the gross rate of raw materials and rare earth materials products, respectively: rare earth raw materials in 2017.
_aaa_Sin and Resources (600392), aaa medium-coloured shares (000758), research brief that led to a recovery in net interest rates for corporate sales: while the Māori rate for trade operations was low, it was only 3.06 per cent.
The significant increase in trade operations led to a certain decline in the overall Māori rate of the company in 2017, but there was no significant increase in the management and sales costs of the company at the same time as the overall revenue of the company, so that net sales interest rates recovered significantly from 2016.
Continued acceleration of the layout and development of rare earth smelting separation and deep processing, based on resource advantages: companies are leading companies in the rare earth industry in the country, relying on the control of the rare earth resources of the Consumptive Stockholder Packing Group, which has a stake in steel through its subsidiaries (possessing shares in steel).
In 2017, the Northern rare earth and steel shares signed a contract for the supply of rare earth concentrates, with a purchase price of $9250 per ton (excluding taxes) in the first half of 2017 and September 2017.
Annual mineral and smelting separation quotas of 5.95 million tons and 50.84 million tons, respectively, representing 80 000 tonnes/year of total class, rare earth oxides and rare earth metals, 30,000 tonnes/year of iron ore magnetic material production, 2000 tonnes/year of hydrogen alloy powder, 5,000 tonnes/year of rare soil polishing and 1,000 tonnes of rare earth luminous materials
Tons/years. During the reporting period, the company further accelerated the smelting and smelting of rare earths through a number of initiatives.
The scale and capacity of the process is further enhanced by: 2) an increase of 90 million yuan from the current fund of the Inner Mongolia Shite Environmental Science and Technology Ltd. to accelerate the construction of the 50,000 cubic metres of rare earth-based flue gas de-nitrification catalyst project (expected to be piloted in 2018); 3) the acquisition of Dabowen Industries Ltd. in the Fourth World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance.
The acquisition of part of the shares of Mongolia’s rare auproko hydrogen alloys company, Quasi and rare soil polishing company, and Jinjiang Technology Corporation, a subsidiary in Mongolia. Supply patterns in the rare earth industry have improved effectively, and demand prospects are bright: the rare earth industry since 2016
There have been positive changes on the supply side at several levels: 1) under the influence of supply-side reform policies, six rare earth groups have been consolidated, industry concentration has increased significantly, and six rare earth groups control more than 96 per cent of the country's rare earth supply; 2) the State has increased the regulatory capacity of the rare earth industry.
In 2017, eight ministries launched a special operation on rare earth violations, which effectively hit black and rare earth industrial chains and optimized rare earth supply patterns; (3) tenders for State deposits of rare earth oxides displaying high frequency and small batch quantification, effectively stabilizing market confidence and stability.
Market prices have a stronger effect: 4) Rare Metal Regulations are expected to be in place in the next one to two years, thus curbing the chain of black and rare earth industries from the rule of law to achieve effective conservation and rational exploitation of rare earth resources. At the demand side, iron ore magnets are the largest in the rare earth.
Swimming applications, with energy-efficient, efficient and light-quantifiable features, are consistent with large trends in industrial automation and smart-making, and long-term prospects. In the future, traditional markets such as traditional automobiles, peps, wind power, etc., continue to grow steadily in demand for iron ore magnets, and new energy vehicles and machines are growing rapidly.
The share of demand for thorium in emerging industries, such as humans, will rise and become the dominant factor in downstream consumption of thorium. Given that rare earth prices are in relative bottom regions, they are based on industry patterns and corporate performance.
International improvements were observed, first covered, with an increased rating. Risk factor: the price of rare earth metals has fallen sharply: the demand for rare earth downstream is not as high as expected