q2 impairment + return on investment drags on performance, smelting pressure increases Performance analysis: output growth, rising prices for major products, leading to performance growth. 24h1 net profit from mother \triangleright
The lubricant ratio + 20 million yuan, the main increase is Māori, and the same rate + 4,439 million yuan. 1 dose: steady productivity, copper, gold, sulphuric acid production increased. 2024 h1, cathode copper/gold/white silver/sulphate production Qiuzu
Prices of products increased. 24h1 copper/gold/white silver/lake north sulphate (no gang-xi data, replaced by Lake North) averaged 746 000 ton, 523.07 tog, 6.8 tog, $480.45 per ton, respectively.
A 84 per cent reduction in the same ratio, with smelters responding effectively to the impact of the fall in processing fees through a high percentage of long single processing fees, stocks of copper concentrates and spent copper supply; 3 profit and cost: 24h1, the company ' s Māori rate of 4.10 per cent, the same ratio.
As a result of changes in exchange gains and losses, increased sales and reduced repair costs. The main reductions were investment gains and impairment losses, with investment returns equal to $2.310 billion, resulting from a loss in futures flattened as a result of the current increase in the price of the main product; and impairment losses equal to $739 million, resulting in a decline in inventory prices due to the fall in copper prices at the end of June.
Review: reduced trade losses, steady growth in profitability and steady progress in the construction of the company ' s projects: the Kazakhstan Tungsten Mining Project will achieve pilot production in the third quarter, with 28.490 million tons of resources, 10,000 tons of capacity, 3.3 million tons per year of product selection and 0.226 per cent of grade;
2. Jiangxi copper industry (600362.sh) reported in 2023 that the three stages of expansion of the Wusan copper mine were progressing on schedule and the surface works were progressing on schedule; Silver Hill mining, 5,000 tonnes/Yyulu 3. Jiang Siyu industry (600362.sh) reported in 2022:
The sub-projects of the conversion project are on schedule; the Mexican slag selection project aims to achieve production within the year; and the construction boost output of the China-East Electrician project has steadily increased, with a negative projection of 100,000 tonnes/year (first phase) of the new energy electromagnetic line project, which is being piloted in late April and is intensifying the climb-up and drainage process.
Wind profits release - 2023/04/01 Looking ahead: The country’s largest copper production base, which is expected to continue to grow. 1 company is an old copper mining company, producing over 200,000 tons of mineral copper per year, China’s largest copper production base, accompanying gold, silver production base and others.
Key vulcanization bases;2 integrated copper industry chains covering exploration, mining, mineral selection, smelting and processing, with significant cost and branding advantages. Investment proposals: corporate copper industry chains are superior in size and are expected to continue to grow, and we anticipate that they will continue to grow.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.