Sea Sky Favorite Industries (603288): Hard Dyke, Sea Sky Feathers, Fushan City Sea Tien Fist Foods Co. Ltd. has been specializing in this business.
The Department earns $6,515 million, i.e. 7.05 per cent of the year; the mother earns $1,531 million, i.e. 22.03 per cent of the year's net profit;
Sales and revenues have been ranked first in the industry for many years, of which 16.41 per cent, compared to 8.38 per cent, with oil, sauce and ale, alcohol, vinegar being the largest in the current company.
The year 2022 was a year of concern within the company, and the company's net profit fell for the first time since it was listed, with 23q1 rings improving. The share of sales in the company's b- and c-end channels was roughly equal, so the impact of the epidemic on the catering industry went directly to the company's b-end sales, during which the company focused on building the c-end channels, but four.
Quarterlys have also been affected by trademark events, with companies losing their profits year-on-year.
The revenue is 13,861 million yuan, corresponding to -2.3 per cent, and the revenue from the sauce/silf oil/other income is falling, respectively, but the income from other products (mainly vinegar, alcohol, etc.) is accelerating, making up for the decline in the company’s mainstream product, and the company’s multi-product strategy is now working.
The sale of company products decreased considerably, soy/sales/favorite sauce sales increased by 52 weeks of average stock price range ($), company product prices increased by tons and soy sauce/sales/favorite sauce by tons, respectively
The sale of the company’s mainstream products will also improve significantly. 35.68 per cent of the circulationb/h (millions) is due mainly to the higher cost of purchasing raw materials and packages.
The price of soybeans, the main raw material, has fallen since the second half of last year, and is now on a downward trend, with Brazilian soybean production reaching record levels this year, providing security for our soybean supply.
Based on the six-month brewing cycle of soybean oil, the company began to fall early this year or so, and the company’s performance is expected to improve this year and seasonly. The q1 company’s Māori and end demand are recovering in 23 years, and the elasticity of performance is expected to be released in the second half of the year.
With many advantages, such as access, products, brand power, a solid old base, a steady growth of large monoliths, a new source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, seafood (603288): difficult and ready for deployment.
The source of Eastern wealth, the source of East wealth, the source of East wealth, the seafood industry (603288): difficult and ready to go.
Monsso Wang Jie Ting flavour and leisure food.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.