Gross operating income is 25.610 billion yuan, i.e. +2.42 per cent of the year; net return to the mother is 6,198 million yuan, i.e. 7.09 per cent of the year; net profit from non-return to the mother is 5,966 million yuan, i.e. 7.22 per cent of the year.
23q1 sub-species boosted the growth rate, which was slightly lower than expected overall. 22q4 companies lost 7.0 per cent, which we believe was affected by the epidemic and negative public opinion. 23q1 camps received better speed rings, with different types of sauce/meal/sales/other increases.
As a result of the company's increased control of dealers' stocks and the slower recovery of end demand. Other items, such as vinegar and material, continue to be released to boost the overall recovery rate. The volume split shows that 22 years of soy sauce sales are equal to 5.93 per cent, +3.85 per cent in tonnage, +8.02 per cent in tasting sauce and + 8.02 per cent in tonnage.
6.61 per cent/3.24 per cent. We believe that the mid-western region is performing more than \triangleright, mainly due to the spring return factor, and we believe that it is mainly due to the higher cost of raw materials such as soybeans and changes in product structure.
The sales cost of 23q1 was 5.2%, a 0.2 percentage point decline in the same year, with a profit forecast and investment rating for steady spending: we believe that the sea weather has a large advantage, while the b end channel is strong and the competitive advantage is clear. As the catering scene resumes, corporate income at the end of the business is growing at a very rapid rate.
Looking forward to recovery. In 2023, the price of raw materials, such as soybeans, has fallen, and we expect the cost to be red.
The risk factors are: higher prices of raw materials than expected; increased competition in the industry; and food safety risks.
In 2015, it entered the country with a marketing + research experience; in 2020, it formed a food and beverage team with the CSS.
Processing foods (in-depth study of Ani foods, multi-chefs, up-to-date foods), spices (acquainted with seafood, millet food, culinary foods, seafood, seafood, etc.), Lélié, Master of Financial Sciences, Graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics, Xiamen University, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Food (in-depth study of odious foods, perchance ducks, glory, saline shops, glycerine foods, etc.), white wine in the Anhui region (known as Guai wines, wines to drive) etc. Jo Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, 2 years of food and beverage research experience.
Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, followed by two years of research and development and operation in Saputu, a milk giant, and one year of food and beverage research experience.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.