The company's review report, the flavour fermented platinum, on 26th of 2023, took the initiative to control the adjustment and focus on the improvement of sales.
Seafood Industries (603288) - 22nd and 23rd.
Active control + recovery slow + channel pressure is still in place, and revenue levels are under constant pressure. 22-year harvests are $25.61 billion, delivery lags, 23 q1 pressure, while objective pressure is real (recovering slow + channel pressure still exists) and companies are willing to slow down and abandon short-term benefits in pursuit of long-term positive growth, in the form of long-term positive growth.
Cash returns are still the same as +23%. For sub-products, the pressure of 2204 pasta/difficult sauce/veil oil/other income is still more pronounced, with smaller items growing faster through pipelines. For the subregion, 22q4 Eastern/South costs are more stringent than sales, and the profitability is still high. 2204/231 net interest rates for mothers are different.
This is due to the relative rigidity of the pressure on soybean costs resulting from greater marketing. Cost: 2204/231 sales costs. Incentives to increase the promotion of zero-added products under the company line at the end of the year; 2204/231 management fees.
At the beginning: If the pace of macroeconomic recovery accelerates, it is expected to drive an increase in the slash rate for the improved demand for b-end meals, by adding up the base of prior stock deflating by one quarter and the low base at the end of the statements, income is expected to rise at a speed of ring bits, pushing steady growth throughout the year; at the end of the year: soybean and package prices have declined by the same and by the same ratio as at the beginning of the year, but at the same time.
The price of white sugar has risen faster since March, followed by close attention to structural fluctuations in costs. In the long run, there is a strong focus on the cultivation of the second-growth curve of platform companies, including health-oriented spices and oil products such as special prefabricated vegetables, fast-food restaurants, organic and low-sugar salt.
The Division’s advantage as a platform company and its expected improvement in macro demand of 23h2 are expected to maintain a “recommended” rating.
The company reports on the seafood industry: continuing prison conditions, positive adaptations, and the company reports on the seafood industry: 21q4
Liu Guangmi, Master of Economics, joined the Institute of Civil Securities in 2020, joined the Institute of Galaxy Securities in 2022, covering the catering supply chain, spices, soft drinks, dairy products, etc., and was well positioned to deepen the value of industry investment through historical revisits and comparisons with overseas perspectives.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.