- Oceanic Industries (603288.sh) incident assessment report: 25.611 billion yuan (+2.4 per cent) in 2022; net repatriation $105052111005
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn — a smooth year-rounder with a quarter-time performance pressure of 2301 battalion harvest is expected to result from a recovery in consumer demand, especially the catering end.
Rapid online growth, realistic year-round goals, new professional retail teams and online networks with rapid online income growth, strong corporate leadership for 2023q1 and successful year-round targets. Maintenance of “buy-in”
3 China Securities* Report * Seafood Industry Macroeconomic downside risks, less than expected recovery in consumption, increased competition in industry, Production (688089) In-depth reports by companies:
It can be built or used less than expected, new products promoted less than expected.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, five years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the beverage plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
Ho Astronomy: Master of Laws, University of Shandong, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, with a dual master of law, economics, and taste industry research, reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.