Sea weather industry (603288.sh) Declined performance, 26/04, year-round growth
The seafood industry published the 2022 and 2023 quarterly reports, with 25.61 billion yuan in 2022, an increase of 2.4 per cent; The net return to the mother was $6.20 billion, a decrease of 7.1 per cent, while the 2022q4 battalion received $6.52 billion, a decrease of 7.1 per cent; The advantage was long-standing, and the company continued to strengthen its competitive strength and maintain its “buy-in” rating.
2022q4 was affected by the additive incident and the slow distribution of food channels during the peak of the year, the tasters, the net reduction of 258 to 7172 sellers, and, under the double pressure of the outbreak and the channel disturbance, the company was more likely to have earlier spring distribution times; and the industry as a whole recovered.
The decline of 8.9%, 6.8%, growth of 3.3%, and the increase of 13.8% for the small group as the economy stabilizes and consumption warms, and we judge that the growth of the company should accelerate in the second half of the year. • Short-term profit pressures remain, with a flat profit rate throughout the year
The increase of 1.3 pcc over the same period is mainly due to increased corporate input for zero-plus development. The change in management costs is not significant. The decrease in financial costs is 1.6 pc, mainly due to increased interest income. The decrease in overall net interest rates in the fourth quarter is 4.5 pcc, which can contribute to a steady decrease in cost rates, with net interest rates expected to remain at the same level throughout the year.
• The recovery trend remains unchanged, with the expectation of improved performance, with the consumption recovery main line running throughout the year in 2023. Favourables benefit from a warmer meal, with a recovery in demand.
The company, on the one hand, has accelerated the deployment of new retail outlets to speed up market transformation; on the other hand, has been actively working with large firms to achieve strong union among manufacturers. Zero-added sauce is already on the market, and there is a promising future for future prospects; and the grain and oils are awaiting recovery.
Products have also been introduced to the market, building new growth points in the future. Under pressure, the sea has become more competitive, and the recovery in consumption has become more comfortable.