Six months of steady overall growth, slightly higher than expected net profits, and a high rate of profit in the industry: the company has recently issued its semi-annual 2018 report, which has generated 86.290 billion operating revenues, railway block operations have steadily developed, benefiting from a significant increase in bidding and future company performance
In the first half of 2018, the company actively promoted the 350-km-hour “Recovery” start-up, and as of the first half of the year, it had purchased a total of eight series of 145 rows, which are expected to exceed 300 rows.
The purchase of 40,000 vans and 188 locomotives is planned for the year 2019: 78,000 vans and 1564 locomotives; 98,000 vans and 2004 locomotives are planned for the year 2020.
The Renaissance is in operation at an average of 300 columns per year. We measure the increase in vehicle bids by total equity/flow (million shares) to increase the net profit rate of the company by more than 2 pct over the next two years.
During the first half of 2018, companies took the lead in core technology, focusing on new materials, new energy sources, environmentally friendly water treatment equipment, seawork equipment, etc., with a focus on market segmentation, enhanced market development, and wind and wind equipment entering the EU market.
In China, the annual report on the overall performance of Chinese vehicles (601766) New progress has been made in urban and rural environmental sewage treatment operations, foreign mergers and acquisitions in Germany have been smooth and the industry has been largely oriented towards the good, with no fear of the short term.
Boge, UK smd, etc., have shown significant success in expanding the leadership of cars, ships, seamen, etc. - 2018/03/29, and the new industry is growing.
In January-July of this year, China completed railway fixation, and China’s Chinese vehicle (601766) passed the low point in the industry.
Based on the progress of corporate business development and planning, we expect a smooth overall public six-monthly return, a slightly higher rate of net profit growth, industry-wide research, and industry-wide expertise in industrial chain research, especially in industrial automation-related issues.
Before entering the financial sector, there were eight years of business experience, in areas such as engineering machinery and automobiles, in production techniques, markets, and strategies. The Pacific Securities Union, in June 2017, was well placed to explore investment opportunities through industry and corporate fundamentals.
The Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre, which was established in July 2017, was well placed to seize investment opportunities from the bottom up by joining Pacific securities in July 2017. The Centre, which joined Pacific securities in September 2017, was well placed to seize investment opportunities from industrial trends.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.