In the first half of the year, the company took the initiative to restructure its operations, downsize its logistics operations, and revive its railway equipment operations.
Sub-operational income from railway equipment operations declined by 2.73%. Operating income from railway equipment operations was $44,806 million, an increase of 5.63%, Māori rate of 25.34 per cent, an increase of 0.93 percentage points from the previous year, and from urban rail and urban infrastructure development operations was 12.945 billion yuan, a decrease of 1.23 percentage points from the previous year. As a result of the product structure, the company ' s operating costs fell by 4.26 per cent in the first half of the year, a decrease exceeding the decline in income.
In the first half of the year, the company earned $44,807 million in railway equipment, an increase of 5.63 per cent in the same year, and the Māori \triangleright rate of 25.34 per cent, an increase of 0.93 percentage points in the same year. Of this, $24,949 million, an increase of 20.51 per cent, was earned in the same period, and motor vehicle operations.
In 2020, according to the Iron Master Plan, the moving group had a fleet of about 3,800 standard groups, of which the Renaissance group was more than 900. We believe that the moving group is expected to bid an average of about 350 rows per year between 2018 and 2020, and that the Renaissance unit is expected to be a source of financial prosperity for the East.
In addition, in the next three years, the cargo and locomotive operations will increase considerably, with 216,000 new trucks and 3,756 locomotives reported to be purchased by the Central Iron Master Plan over the next three years, which are expected to exceed $100 billion. The rail infrastructure is expected to be repaired gradually.
With the recent acceleration of investment in locomotives and locomotives, railway fixed-asset investments are expected to return to more than $800 billion in 2018. Moreover, infrastructure construction in the mid-western part of the country is still lagging and short-boarding has great potential.
Investing in railways and urban orbital transport has fallen short of expectations; construction of railways and metro projects has slowed.
The source of the financial boom in the East... ..was joined in East Hing Securities... for mechanical research.
The Chinese People ' s University School of Economics, with its undergraduate and master ' s degree, has three years of experience with companies listed in the media, following up on the new energy automobile industry chain and the mechanical industry, joined the civil securities in 2016 and the East Hing securities in 2017.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.