Volcanic Power International (600011.sh) Prices for Fire and Power Dragons, Cash Flow Improvement Quantities, Corporate Profiles: Large National Electricity Enterprises, Fire and Green Power Co-opinion.
The operation is to develop, build and operate coal-fired, gas-fired power plants, new energy generation projects and other facilities, such as ports, shipping, incremental distribution grids, both inside and outside the country, to provide electricity, heat and integrated energy services to society.
The company’s revenue comes mainly from electricity and heat operations, with a larger share of fire and electricity in the power plate, and a larger contribution from the total profits from coal and wind panels. With the increased stability of coal and electricity, the company’s profits from fire and electricity are expected to stabilize.
With the construction of new power systems moving from a “single-scale” to a “single-scale” power-priced mechanism, the profits from the company’s power-fired operations are becoming more profitable, and future coal prices are expected to be more stable, while, as the capacity price rises, the share of electricity in electricity prices is declining and the company’s electricity is on fire.
The marketization of new sources of power generation is advancing, and it is expected to achieve a reasonable level of revenue in the future.
While participating in the market, a new energy sustainable development price settlement mechanism has been put in place to promote a reasonable level of return on new energy projects. Companies have continued to invest more in new energy sources, trying to reach about 45% of low-carbon clean energy installed at the end of the 14th century.
Sufficient, large-scale projects under construction, and the gradual commissioning of future new energy projects by companies will facilitate steady growth in the company’s performance on new energy panels. Future capital spending by companies will be directed mainly to building new energy projects, gradually stabilizing as new energy projects are built, and capital spending is expected to stabilize over time, with the company’s cash.
Fluctuation levels will gradually improve, and strong support will be given to maintaining a better level of corporate dividends.
Energy International (600011.sh) - The fall in the price of electricity affects the harvest, the fall in the price of coal drives the industry.
A premium of 6-16% of the current stock price. Maintenance of a “better than the big market” rating. Corporate profile: large national electricity companies, fire power, green power, combined progress.
China Energy International Ltd. and its subsidiaries are one of China’s largest listed power generation companies, mainly developing, building and managing power plants throughout China. The company was established on 30 June 1994 and was listed on the New York Stock Exchange in October of the same year in the form of United States depository shares (ads).
In November 2001, the company was listed as the first Chinese power company to be listed across New York, Hong Kong and Shanghai.
In June of the year, the company applied for voluntary retirement from the Singapore Energy Corporation, and withdrew the deposit and registration of the H-stock. The company was committed to building a global first-class publicly traded power company, with power plants widely distributed in China.
Sixteen provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the Central Government; the company owns a fully owned operating power company in Singapore and invests in an operating power company in Bakistan. The company's main business is dominated by electricity heat supply, and the power supply is now dominated by fire power, with coal generating power.
Larger. The company is a large-scale national power company, operating primarily in the development, construction and operation of coal-fired, gas-fired power plants, new energy generation projects and associated port, shipping, incremental distribution grids, etc., for the benefit of society at a rate of 10 per cent, including 93,142 million kW of coal, or 60.9 per cent, and 152,32,000 kW of gas and electricity, or 10.0 per cent;
Wind power 20038,000 kW (including wind at sea 5.8 million kW), 13.1 per cent; solar energy 24.05 million kW, 15.7 per cent; hydropower 370,000 kW, 0.2 per cent; biomass 160,000 kW, 0.1 per cent; electricity generation in 2024 was 3942, 277, 380, 183, respectively.
Figure 4: Power generation from various energy sources (millions of kilowatt-hours)
In 2024, the company generated $23,754 million in electricity and heat, and in 2024, coal combustion, burners, wind power, photovoltaics, hydroelectric panels were the only platform for the eventual integration of the company’s conventional energy operations, effectively controlling the company.
As of June 2025, China Energy Group Ltd., a central backbone power company directly supervised by the State Treasury Committee of the State Council, was one of the five largest power-generating companies in China. As of June 2025, China Energy Group held 9.91% of the shares of China Energy International and indirectly held shares through two subsidiaries: China Energy International, with 32.28%;
The company, the only platform for the eventual integration of the company's conventional energy operations, is the company that achieved operating revenue in 2024 from Singapore's fully-owned Big Energists.
21,690 million yuan with a total profit of 2,683 million yuan; the company also invested indirectly in Pakistan ' s energy projects through its subsidiary, China Mountain Power Company Ltd., which holds 50 per cent of the shares in the energy (private) company, and the Pakistani company earned 3.5228 billion yuan in operating revenue in 2024.
Figure 11: Pre-custody profits (millions of dollars) from the business tax in SCI and Pakistan
China Energy Group Ltd. is a central and direct company with power generation as its main business, which includes electricity, heat, coal, etc., which has always been the company's core business and is the main source of operating income and gross profits.
Ten thousand kilowatts (KW), of which 1438.3 million kW, or 53.4 per cent, were installed on fire power; 29.29 million kW, or 18.5 per cent, were installed on hydroelectric power; and 200,000 kW, or 0.1 per cent, were installed on nuclear power, with coal operations, which as of 2024 were 12,4.7 million tonnes of coal produced by the Power Group and 10,923 million tonnes produced by the Power Group in 2024.
Figure 15: Energy Group Coal Production and Production, Power Group Fire Power, Hydropower Assets Securitization Rates are high, New Energy Assets Securitization Rates are relatively low, Nuclear Power Assets have not been securitized, and New Energy Assets have room for further upgrading in the future.
Listed companies such as Power International, Powerful Electricity, Neo-Munghua Power, New Eun-Thai Hill, Long Wall Securities, etc., are engaged in electricity production, mainly HCI, Power Power and Power, which together have a total capacity of 1,82.1 million kW, with a securitization rate of 82.2 per cent for the energy-fired assets of the aforementioned listed companies.
In thousands of kilowatts, the securitization rate for HSG wind assets was 42.6%; in light voltage total, 23.9 million kW, the securitization rate for HSG photovoltaic assets was 48.0%; none of the listed companies listed above had nuclear power units; and HSG nuclear power assets were securitized at 0%.
See, the new energy generation assets that can be further re-assembled are now new energy generation assets. The new energy generation assets of the HSG are mainly owned by the new energy generation assets that remain unlisted, except in publicly listed companies such as Energy International, Power, Power, Energy, and Innermont, among others.
It holds 82.66 per cent of the shares of the company and 2.23 per cent of the shares of the company indirectly through energy capital.
The main source of renewable energy is wind and new energy, with a capacity of 33.1732 million kilowatts as of 2024, representing 12.32% of the total capacity of the group and 34.58% of the new energy capacity of the group, including wind power.
The scale of new energy revenues from energy sources has continued to grow and the net return on energy sources has fluctuated. As the capacity of new energy projects from wind and wind has grown, so has the energy generation from new energy companies.
Billion yuan (+4.01%), net return to the mother, $5.695 billion (-3.01%), and the decline in net return to the company was mainly due to the impact of lower electricity prices on a year-on-year basis and higher installed capacity, resulting in higher depreciation amortization costs. Profitability was more stable, operating net cash flow trend was better, and asset-liability ratios were lower.
Energy companies’ profitability indicators, such as Maori, net interest rates, and roe, show a relatively stable level of corporate profitability, but their profitability has declined as a result of electricity prices and disbursal problems. With regard to cash flows, there is a steady increase in corporate net cash flows as the size of new energy installed continues to grow.
In recent years, public consumption has been affected by the decline in electricity prices.
In the first half of 2025, the average online settlement price for power plants in China was $485.27/megawatt hours, a decline of 2.69 per cent in comparison with the previous year.
The net profit from the company’s return to the mother-to-manufacturance growth is due mainly to the company holding down the fuel price window, scientific integration of coal purchases with spot purchases, further reductions in fuel costs, and the same increase in profits from pyrotechnic plates; and the orderly expansion of new energy sources and the profit from photovoltaic panels.
In the first half of 2025, companies cumulatively purchased 87.1367 million tons of coal, a decrease of 10.70 per cent in the same year;
Improved profitability, continued improvement in the coal power industry, and a decline in the wind and light voltage rate. Since 2021, as coal prices have fallen and electricity prices have fluctuated, corporate coal and electricity rates have been continuously repaired, while wind and fresh energy has been affected by factors such as marketized transactions, increases in parity projects and declining levels of consumption.
Improved corporate operating cash flow levels. In 2024, net operating cash flows amounted to $50.530 billion (+11.06 per cent), mainly as a result of lower expenditure on fuel procurement and the combined effect of lower value added tax credits on tax refunds; investment capital expenditure, with an increase in net financing for the current period. In the first half of 2025, net operating cash flows to companies amounted to net cash flows.
30,748 million yuan (+30.27 per cent) was largely affected by a combination of declining income and lower expenditure on fuel procurement; the free cash flow of the Division amounted to $3,863 million, representing an increase of 93.11 per cent over the same period, reflecting a continuous improvement in the cash flow position of the company; the asset-liability ratio fell and the financial cost rate fell. As corporate profitability improved, companies increased their debt repayments
As a result of the decline in the size of corporate liabilities and interest rate levels, corporate finance companies have always attached great importance to the return of investors, and future dividends are expected to remain at a better level. Since the company's listing, it has been red, with a rate of interest payments of more than 50% for most years.
Where the company's profits and accumulated undistributed profits are positive in the year and the company's cash flow is sufficient for the company's normal operation and sustainable development, it distributes dividends in cash on a cash basis, and the profits that the company distributes in cash each year are in principle not less than 50 per cent of the distributed profits from the consolidated statements realized in the year and are expected to stabilize with the company's profits.
Corporate capital spending has gradually stabilized, and improvements in free cash flows have strongly supported better corporate dividends. Future corporate capital spending is mainly directed towards new energy projects, and capital spending is expected to gradually converge.
Gold is 22,323 million yuan, a decline of 1.28 per cent in the same year; at the same time, when the price of coal is stable, the share of revenue in the price of capacity electricity rises, the stability of the company's profits from the fire increases, and the business of the fire generates better cash flows. As the size of the company's capital stabilizes and the level of free cash flows improves, the company will be able to have a stronger split-red power and split-red.
Figure 32: Cash paid by companies for fixed production, intangible assets, etc. (millions of dollars)
As the development of new power systems progresses, the power price mechanism gradually moves from a “single-to-power” to a “single-to-power” to a “two-to-power” system, driving changes in the power-to-profit model and a more robust level of profitability.
In new power systems, coal-based positioning moves away from traditional power sources, primary power sources to basic security, system-modified power sources, and the main tasks of future coal-fired power transitions are “clean low-carbon, efficient regulation, fast-shifting loads, decomposition peaks.” In the long run, with the continued development of new energy sources and a shift in the policy orientation of coal power, I
On the other hand, the power-generation ratio of coal-fired electricity commodities will decline, and on the other hand, the power-energy, balancing properties of coal-fired electricity commodities will accelerate with the construction of new power systems, in the light of the main factors influencing the profitability of coal-fired electricity, due to the availability and demand of electricity markets in different regions, the development of new energy sources and differences in the composition of different electric power units.
Fire power profits will be divided and have low-cost advantages, as well as higher levels of profitability and better cash flow in regions with relatively few new energy installed/new energy sources and good consumption/use of high-hours (areas with tight electricity supply and demand).
The National Energy Authority issued a Circular on the Establishment of a Coal Power Power Price Mechanism (hereinafter referred to as the Circular), which specifies the scope of the application of the capacity price, the level of the capacity price, the share of the capacity charge and the capacity charge.
The Circular specifies the scope of application of electricity prices for coal power capacity: the Coal Power Capacity Price Mechanism applies to public power units that are in compliance. Coal-fired power plants, coal units that are not in line with national plans, and non-satisfactory with national energy consumption, environmental protection and spirituality.
Coal power units requiring, for example, capacity adjustment, are not subject to a capacity pricing mechanism, as specified by the National Energy Agency (NEA): the price of coal power capacity is determined by the method of recovering a proportion of the fixed cost of the coal power unit. In this case, the fixed cost of the coal unit used to calculate the capacity is applied to a uniform national standard for each year.
A fixed cost rate of $330 per kilowatt, based on a combination of local electricity system needs, coal power functional transition, etc., was determined to be around 30 per cent in most places in 2024-2025, with some coal power plants in the provinces at a cost of 100 yuan/kW/year (with taxes), Henan, Hunan, Chongqing, Sichuan, Qinghai, Qinghai,
In Yunnan, Guangxi, the price of electricity from coal capacity is 165 yuan/kW/year (including taxes).
The electricity costs of the coal power capacity have been incorporated into the system’s operating costs for each location, which are distributed among commercial users on a monthly basis in proportion to the amount of electricity consumed in the current month, and are published by the grid companies on a monthly basis, on a rolling basis.
If the maximum declared effort is provided, two deductions within the month of 10 per cent of the current monthly capacity are made, three deductions of 50 per cent and four and more deductions of 100 per cent are made.
In the context of the construction of new power systems, coal power is gradually shifting from the main power source to the flexible power supply, which may lead to a corresponding reduction in the number of hours used, making the composition of coal power units difficult to recover efficiently.
Fixed costs to reduce the volatility of coal power units as a result of changes in coal prices, overall profitability to be more robust, and a smooth shift in the development model of coal power generation. According to the implementation of the 2024 coal capacity price policy, in most regions, coal power capacity in 2024 is about 2 points/kwh, and will be replenished with coal power capacity in the future.
The increase in the reimbursement rate will lead to a further increase in the level of revenue from electricity, which will help to promote the stability of the profits from electricity from the fire. For the trans-provincial and trans-district distribution units, which are integrated into the electricity balance in the powered provinces, both parties should enter into annual and above medium- and long-term contracts with a view to determining the share and execution of the coal power capacity.