According to the three-quarterly review of the United States Group (000333) in 2024, the Chinese market saw that in the first half of the year, the white power industry was under greater pressure to grow, influenced by factors such as low real estate and environmental weather, and that a new round of exchange for new subsidies was launched in August.
The consumer demand in the domestic electricity market is warming. In a volatile market environment, companies are still able to grow in reverse, with domestic sales revenue rising by more than 8% in 2024. With regard to overseas markets, despite the volatile situation abroad, companies continue to focus on core business and products, and the scale of overseas operations.
On the profit side, for the third quarter of the year, the net return profits of companies have been growing in double digits. On the whole, the US companies have continued to diversify their operations.
In the first half of 2024, the company continued to promote the "colmo+Toshiba" two high-end brand strategy, with overall retail sales of both high-end brands increasing by more than 20% over the same period, driving overall performance.
In the first three quarters of 2024, the company sold 10.83% of its sales, up 0.46 percentage points from the previous quarter, and the profitability has steadily increased. From the point of view of the cash flow, in the third quarter of 2024, the net cash flow of the company ' s operations was $26.776 billion, a year-on-year increase.
78.48 per cent, of which revenues from the sale of goods and the provision of services amount to 120.326 billion yuan, compared with the increase in the same amount, is proposed for investment: the United States is a globalized technology group that covers smart households, new energy and industrial technologies, smart architecture, technology, robotics and automation and other innovative operations, insisting on products.
Innovation, diversified business layout, and strong overall competition. Companies are expected to be “market indices” for this rating system in 2024,a with a depth of 300 indexes: three-board guidelines for the new three-board comparators.
It is reported that “positive” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk”, that “radical” investors are fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, that they possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investments, and that they produce the present report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.