The climate continues to grow at a high rate of performance.
The cost advantage is as strong as that of a rock-coalized tap: the company relies on clean gasification technology to build a “one-line” flexible multi-collateral chain of circular economies. Through continuous technological adaptation and optimization of devices, the company will be able to achieve a sustained excess in the industry by increasing its use of synthetic gas, which is highly competitive in its costs.
The company’s ability to capture excess returns is evident at the level of the coal industry landscape. The main product landscape continues to record high performance: urea, acetic acid, ethylene diol, dmf, adipic acid, and so on since 2021. q2 (as of 30 June)
The market price of company-owned products continued to increase significantly by the same and ring: urea averages (including taxes.) were of the view that the company-owned products would continue the current climate pattern and that the company was expected to achieve a significant increase in its performance throughout the year 2021 compared to 2019 and 2020.
The energy release window gives a new impetus to growth. 1) The company invests in the development of a project to cut 200,000 tons of antiamide and 480,000 tons of sulfonium, etc.
(b) Additional value added material extension. 2) Qingzhou 2nd Base Project: Phase I is divided into two projects, namely, the Gas Power Platform Project, and the Synthetic Gas Integrated Use Project, with investments of $5.924 billion and $5.604 billion, respectively, for a construction period of 36 months, which will result in 1 million tonnes/year urea, 1 million tonnes/year acetic acid, 300,000 tonnes/year
In the postnatal period, it is expected to achieve an average of $11,168 million in operating income and total profits.
We maintain a profit forecast for the company that the 2021-2023 revenues are not and are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
Any investment decision made by an investor on the basis of a bid or bid is not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.