The dmc project drives the new growth - Warau Hengl (600426.sh) event: the company ' s ethanol technology is expected to be released at the end of the three-quarter period by 300,000 tons of dmc (dimethyl carbonate).
13/07/2021 The company ' s dmc device has a significant cost advantage: the company ' s additional 300,000 tonnes/year dmc device is based on carbon ester modification of existing ethanol workshops and the production of dmc using methanol sulfone.
Cao Xut is methanol and a low-cost synthetic gas produced by the company itself. Currently, the main production process in the country of dmc is pyre exchange, and the cost is highly influenced by fluctuations in the price of epoxypropane.
Small-scale production of inner epoxy propane is about to exit, and the high price of epoxy propane will support the dmc production at the cost end. The cost of methanol-based feedstocks is significantly lower than the ester exchange method. And, through a cooperative research model with higher education institutions, the company builds up the capacity to develop the catalysts.
The Division has the potential to further reduce the production costs of dmc and develop to the battery level. Industrial, double-incremented dmc profit continuity: dmc can be classified as industrial and battery classes depending on purity, and industrial level dmc can replace photogas in the production of polycarbonatepc, battery level dmc
The battery level dmc requires further refinement and purity of the industrial level dmc, production is difficult and barriers are high, but the battery level is relevant to the price of the industrial level dmc and the difference remains at $1,000-4,000 per tonne, depending on the supply and demand.
The demand for dmc industrial and battery levels will be boosted by the ability to deliver, and by the continued increase in the volume of electrolytic fluids delivered under the “electricization” process. We assume that the company’s dmc project will be delivered after delivery, with a product ratio of half the battery level and half the industry level, and the current battery and industry-level dmc prices will contribute an annual income of 2.550 billion.
In the second half of the year, the project will replicate the state-of-the-art gasification platform of the Texas base, with medium- and long-term prospects for re-engineering.
The ol technology dmc project will boost corporate performance, and we look forward to the long-term growth of the company and maintain a pair of male 1, "Waluheungl" (600426.sh): Iron Week.
What changes? We have tried to report objective and fair content, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute the purchase of the said securities.
Any investment decision made by an investor on the basis of a bid or bid is not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.