The Sini Mountain Signals are coming to heaven, and it's the basic chemical industry.
The industrial landscape has risen, and the competitive advantage of the product is clear. On August 31, 2021, the net profit of non-post shareholders in the parent company was 3,791 million yuan, an increase of 331.97 per cent.
The net return to the mother was 2,225 million yuan, a 368.97 per cent increase in the same year and 41.18 per cent increase in the ring.  product prices have been innovative and industry landscapes have risen. 1) The first half of the year was driven by the recovery of domestic and foreign demand and downstream refinancing, with major chemical products continuing the recovery trend since last quarter.
Higher prices of raw materials and downstream disaggregated products, higher prices for some products, highest/lowest industry in the year: 1.99 pct less than in the same period last year; net cash flows from operating activities of 2,239 million yuan, compared to the same period
A 49.25% increase, mainly due to the increase in cash inflows from sales products due to higher product prices. New projects are on track to expand the scope for companies to develop further.
The vehicle was successful and reached the target date; the project for ammonium and nylon new materials (300,000 tons) was carried forward as planned; elements of the second base project were implemented successively, and construction began gradually.
The “one-line” revolving multi-manufacturing business model of the China Sea State, 28 Sinrixi Street, in Beijing’s west-city district, has a clear competitive advantage in terms of the main products.
International Center, 7th floor, company currently owns 1.55 million tons of urea, 300,000 tons of organochlorine, 600,000 tons of acetic acid, Shanxi Securities Inc.
330,000 tons of adipic acid production and 750,000 tons of polyol production. The company continues to improve its combined resource use capacity, making full use of the flexible multi-production model of the “one-line” cycle economy, and building a three-stage, efficient and flexible gasification regulatory hub and multi-product synergistic development platform, depending on the product market.
For fertilizer, in 2020, the company produced fertilizer first in the same industry in Shandong Province, and urea products were well known locally, in neighbouring provinces, in the north-east and in parts of the south.
In the case of organamine, the company ' s dmf product, with a domestic market share of more than 33% in 2020, is more competitive and continues to be the industry ' s lead \triangleright
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
You will receive any form of compensation, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report.