The strategy is clear, and it opens up a second growth curve.
The website of the State and Municipal Development and Rehabilitation Commission (CDC) makes public the “Seventy-Seventh Quantities Project Establishment Public” of the CDC 2021, which includes the company Niron 66 High End New Materials Project and 120,000 tonnes/year pbat Degradable Plastics Project. (1) Niron 66 High End New Materials Project: 360,000 tonnes Nitric Acids with ammonia as a feedstock; Rings
Hexaol is used as feedstock for the construction of 200,000 tons of adipic acid; 42,000 tons of adiazine for the construction of diazine and hydrogen gas; and 2 sets of 40,000 tons of nylons for the construction of a didiazine and dichloride. (2) 120,000 tons/year pbat degradable plastics project: 100,000 tons of acetylene for the construction of electrostones; 720,000 tons of formaldehyde for the production of methanol; 30 tons for the production of acetylene and methanol for the production of 30 per cent for the production of acetylene and methanol.
We believe that the company's strategy is clear, its layout is accurate, its advantages consolidated, and its new materials are continuously being transformed to upgrade the energy industry. The company relies on the cost advantages of ammonia, hydrogen, etc. of the former gasification platform, which is in the raw materials.
In the context of a major national breakthrough in the production of entropy, active expansion of the self-dyamine nylon 66 production chain is promising. The company relies on the cost advantage of the toromol, expanding the production of bdo, which is then built into a degradable plastic pbat. Currently, pbat is planning to produce more and its raw materials bdo.
The company has increased its scientific and technological research and development investment to reserve new dynamic energy for the restructuring of the industry, and the multi-faceted flexible co-production advantage has emerged.
Tender information platform, November 2020, Hualuingl tendered for carbon ester modification and 100,000 tons of acrylic acrylic acid. Dimethyl carbonate (dmc) with a low by-product in synthetic gas ethanol, the ratio of output to ethanol is approximately 100:3, with refined and purified quality available.
Step upgrades. Battery level dmc is used for lithium cell electrolyte solutions, benefiting from the rapid growth of new energy vehicles and high growth in demand. Depending on the company’s engineering capacity, project techniques are expected to improve output and purity and increase corporate profits.
State base has been steadily advancing and growth space opened up: on January 15, 2021, the company issued an announcement to launch investment in the State base. The first two projects were: (1) a project to invest $5.924 billion in a park gas platform, which is expected to generate sales revenues of $5.2 billion, with an average annual profit of $700 million.
Quarterly review: large market performance forecast. (2) Investing $5.604 billion in the Synthetic Gas Integrated Utilization Project to build 1 million tonnes/year of urea, periods, price increases to boost quarterly performance innovation.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: taking into account the increase in volume prices, we've been working on the product landscape 2021-2023, the 14th Five-Year Project has led to growth, opening a second-growth curve, and maintaining East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory board.