Resource and Environmental Research Centre Product prices have risen significantly, and companies have been resilient and effective in releasing company fundamentals (RMB)
Multi-product price upswings the company’s profits, and the company’s performance elasticity is released. In the second quarter, many of the Division’s products’ prices were in a state of high prices, including urea and acetic acid, which rose to historically high prices, significantly increasing the profitability of the product, and the company’s multi-product price resonance.
The company maximizes its profits through its own joint and multi-product layout structure, expands its profit margin on the basis of industry profits, and releases it from 1.
Optimizing the management of existing industrial chains and optimizing the profitability of products on the basis of continuous consolidation of costs. Over the years, companies have continuously optimized costs and achieved long-term efficient operation of installations through technological change, thereby ensuring production 2.
Low-cost and stable production. By further optimizing the structure of the use of raw materials, the company has led to further savings in production costs, while new projects have built on original projects and processes, resulting in further cost advantages.
The project optimized the process matching of existing projects, technologically expanded part of the dmf replacement of old and old production capacity, improved production efficiency by producing dmc products from the ethanol line, with the hope that the overall profitability of the ethanol industry chain would be significantly enhanced and that the product would be extended to new energy sources.
4. " Reviewing short-term impact product start-up, company long-term development, while increasing value added for products and enabling company extension of base number one. " Second base " , a variety of advantages that, in a state of optimal pattern, are expected to boost the company ' s profits. "
5. " Product sales up, costs down, 2nd quarter table. The company started laying base North Lake 2 at the end of 2020. Phase 1 of the project is the foundation of the 2nd base industry chain by building the company ' s existing traditional niche products, urea, acetic acid, organochlorine products.
At the same time, the advantages of the Texas base and the basis of the co-production of ammonia have been reviewed to the greatest extent possible, using such advantages as power islands, railway ports, etc., to lay the foundation for the long-term development of the company’s second base.
The better pattern of the acetic acid industry and the greater synergy of the industry can effectively increase the profit space of the company ' s second quarter phase projects, providing a profit base for the company to further extend its high-end products.
The construction of Base 2 has not progressed as expected; the impact of policy changes; and the risk of significant fluctuations in raw materials and products.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment