q2's performance is exceeding expectations, and the new project will continue.
q2 quarter net profits attributable to the parent company ' s shareholders of 2,174 to 274 million yuan, resulting in a one-quarter rise in the volume of the main business product and a high over-performance of the q2 company ' s performance in the first half of 2021, due mainly to the full value of the main business product.
In terms of product prices, the average price of urea q2 increased by 40 per cent on a year-on-year basis, the income structure (2020a) showed a small drop (10 per cent) but was still significantly higher than in the same period last year; the average price of q2 adipic acid was equal to the same price
The prices of raw materials such as coal (20%), pure benzene (12.8%), and acrylic (27%) have also increased significantly, but the overall price difference has increased to historically high levels. In terms of productivity growth, companies produced 100,000 tons of dmf production line annually and 1666 million tons of PPA per year in 2020, respectively
q3 and February 2021, breaking production bottlenecks. Second base building was well under way, with large capital spending increasing the development space.
Total investment in urea, acetic acid, dmf, etc., is $5.924 billion and $5.604 billion, respectively, and annualized sales revenue is expected to be $5.2 billion (all months are in the CE phase, production capacity is planned to be 3,848 million tons of liquid ammonia per year and 1 million tons of urine per year).
In addition, the company produces 300,000 tons per year.
The ammonium and nylon materials projects, the 100,000 tons herbic acid project, the ethanol carbide conversion project, etc. are all moving ahead in an orderly manner, which will provide more room for the company to grow in the future. Based on the price of the company’s main product and the higher than expected increase in the price difference, we have raised the profit to the company.
Safety incidents and environmental issues; high volatility of international crude oil prices; price volatility of raw materials; weakening demand in downstream markets; lack of progress in the construction process and delivery of new projects; systemic winds
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.