I'm sure it's a good investment, and the broker's performance is under pressure.
28 August 2023 \triangleright ' s asset prices were gradually repaired and the fair value of the financial assets held by coupons was reversed and driven to self-investment
Highest/minimum in the year: Deepen the regional strategy and invest in negative growth.
The core region is competitive, with significant advantages in the Fujian region. In the first half of 2023, the investment industry performed better than the industry. 1) Equity financing: the first half of the year was the main underwriting of 9 items, with the principal underwriting amounting to RMB 11,006 million, the industry ranked 10th, ipo size $8,124 million, the industry ranking 8th, the intra-Provincial equity in Fujian.
Basic data: 30 June 2023 with comparative advantage, ranked 1st in the industry. 2) Credit financing: the total increase in the size and volume of corporate debt in the first half of the year, with business debt, corporate debt, debt serviceable debt of $50.4 billion, an increase of 42%.
Enterprises abs and credit abs are 18 billion yuan, a 76% increase from the same year, and Fujian regional debt financing instruments have a comparative advantage and are ranked first in the industry in terms of the size of their claims.
6.22% decrease. 3) Substitute operations: Companies promoted the upgrading of the product system by 2.0, integrated group resources, rich product containers, stock mixes and non-goods holdings of 39.331 billion yuan as of mid-2023, industry ranked 12th, generating revenues of 179 million yuan during the reporting period, a decrease of 22.58%.
Asset management has steadily advanced. Corporate asset management operations have seen a decline in revenue, with the volume of securities management increased and the size of the public fund largely equal. 1) Bond management: the company continues to promote the public fund-raising profile and explores the path to a public fund-raising transition. As at 2023h, bond management aum alum alum amounted to $877.32 million, an increase of 18 per cent.
2) Fund management: A subsidiary has demonstrated a positive global profile of public fund-raising and old-age operations, a public fund-raising fund, a global fund managed by $641.32 billion at the end of the first half of the year, and a public fund-raising fund of $58.4515 billion, a decrease of 0.31 per cent compared to the beginning of the year.
Profit forecasting, valuation analysis, and investment recommendations: The company has a strong edge and a reasonable basis for investing in business areas. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I am not, and will not be, compensated in any way, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity, status, or the trust that I have in the course of my profession.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.