During the Ningde era (300,750ch), 1 quarter performed robustly, looking forward to the growth of non-American market operations; maintenance of buy-in performance grew robustly in the first quarter of 2025, and cash flows showed good performance. 1 quarter of corporate operating income
RMB 84.7 billion (RMB, bottom line), an increase of 6.2% in the same year, combined sales of power and storage batteries, an increase of 32.9%, a steady increase in corporate profitability during the first quarter, an increase in the rate of use of the Māori/repatriation net interest rate and an increase in the share of the Deeds and Valium.
New products and new technology support markets have risen steadily, and the layout has changed new businesses. The Ninder era has continued to push new products and technologies, and has introduced Skywalks, the Gods, in the areas of commercial vehicles, cars and storage power.
Products such as plus, “Tianxing”, which helped to strengthen the competitiveness of the Ningde era and helped help companies to maintain a high level of market power. According to the Sneresearch data, the Nind Global Power Pools accounted for 38.2% in January-February 2025, and remained almost equal to the same period in 2024; according to China’s auto-powered battery industry.
New Alliance data show that the Ningde power cell load was 44% in the Chinese market in the first quarter. An active power exchange with the Tingde era was planned to build 1,000 chocolate-for-power stations in 2025. The medium-term target was expanded to 10,000. Ningde has signed a cooperation agreement with China's petrochemicals and Uchi.
Consider the growth of non-American market operations and maintain buy-in. The US has recently imposed high tariffs, and the short-term impact on China’s exports has been greater, but Ninder as a whole has been able to sell relative power.
Smaller, in the first quarter, for example, the share of the stock sales was about 20 per cent and the share of exports to the United States was smaller, and the risks were relatively manageable; and the non-American region grew robustly, with Ninder growing 20 per cent in Europe in the first quarter, the market share remained first, German factories started to make profits, and Hungarian factories started to invest in the postnatal period.
Lee Yoo-hyo, phd, cfa further reduces costs and localizes European supply. In addition, Ninder's U.S. technology-licensed product is expected to be released in 2026, and is expected to be able to hedge against fluctuations in U.S. exports.
In the process of continuous change, we suggest that we focus on its follow-up. We look at Ninder's product power and globalization.
Ningde (300,750ch) Ningde (300,750ch) Ningde (300,750ch)
Silver International, 10th floor of the Vanji Building, 68th Mid-Teuk Road, Hong Kong.