A robust growth in performance, new technology for enhanced product advantage Events: Companies issue a quarterly report, 2025q1 achieves $8.475 billion in revenue (+6.18 per cent Ningde era (300,750.sz)
Yoy, the net profit of the mother is 13,963 million yuan (+32.85 per cent yoy) and the non-net profit is 11,829 million yuan (+27.92 per cent yoy), and the profits increase is significantly higher than the revenue, and we believe that they benefit mainly from economies of scale, cost optimization and exchange rate gains.
Wu Ho's primary score with the new energy sector is 1 and Europe has seen a significant increase in the share of electricity, with a steady share of profits: 20%. 2025q1 Global Power Battery Use Market is 38% (sne data), with companies in Europe.
2) Interest: The unit profits are stable. The company’s first quarter single wh Māori ring is up from the fourth quarter of 2024: the net interest rate on sales is 17.5% in the first quarter, and the level of profitability is stable.
It is expected that the company will continue to use the company ' s kiosks and thorium batteries, and that the company will continue to expand its incremental market for 25 years, and that the electricity and ecology will accelerate down:
The country ' s electricity exchange ecological network; a strategic cooperation agreement was also signed with the Government to create the world ' s largest and most technologically advanced network of power-for-service vehicles.3 New technologies: the company is currently developing sodium second generation batteries with performance indicators and phosphate iron
Lithium batteries are close. At the same time, the firm’s solid-state batteries continue to increase their input, and we expect to achieve full solid volume loads in 2027. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we update the company’s net return profits for 2025-2027, respectively.
Risk factors: industry demand is not as high as expected; risks of technology variability; increasing patterns of competition
The research focuses on a breakdown of the industry and a share of the excavations.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed a service agreement with the CVM, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.