On April 14, 2025, the company released its first quarter performance report for 2025. The report showed that it earned $84.7 billion in operating income for the first quarter, an increase of 6.18 per cent, and a net return to the mother of $13.96 billion.
This represents an increase of 32.85% over the same period; the net profit from deduction is $11.83 billion, an increase of 27.92% over the same year. The volume of goods delivered by the company exceeded 120gwh in the first quarter, which was about 95gwh over the same period last year, an increase of about 26% over the same period.
The US market is limited and emerging markets are growing significantly. US business accounts for a smaller share of corporate output, and since last year, companies have pre-empted the changes in the environment, with tariff policies having less impact on their performance.
The company has a well-positioned base in overseas markets such as Hungary, Germany, Indonesia, and Spain, and it is likely that overseas production will be able to fill the US market. Meanwhile, emerging markets such as the Middle East and Australia are experiencing rapid growth, renewable-energy-ai-led storage needs are high, and there is a higher demand for energy batteries.
Li Xiaojun has been able to access large storage energy projects in markets like the Middle East and Australia. Overall, Chinese and overseas markets have a strong demand, and the company is now more saturated in terms of capacity utilization, with a 25-year profit period.
During the reporting period, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Camp East to cooperate in areas such as zero carbon parks and new energy generation in the industry.
In addition, the company signed a zero-carbon-appliance scenario cooperation agreement with the Eastern Camp City, the Victory Oil Fields, and the China Oil University, 1. Ningde Times (300,750.sz) in 2024:
To promote zero-carbon programmes in energy-intensive areas such as chemicals and oil fields, and to create innovative practices for new energy generation in the industry.
A framework agreement for cooperation between the two sides will build an electricity exchange ecological network covering the entire country.
3. The three-quarterly reporting points of the Ningde era (300,750.sz) 2024, a model of cooperation among leading companies, contributed to China’s example of global energy transformation. At the same time, the company and Wei signed a strategic cooperation agreement that will jointly build the largest and most technologically leading power switching service in the world.
The network. A new model of firefly brands under the flag will be imported into the Ningd era chocolate exchange standards and the 2024 semi-annual report of the Nind era (300,750.sz), and the two sides will use the "double web parallel" model and jointly promote national standards for power switching.
Development and promotion of cross-brand and cross-car battery compatibility. 5. One quarter of 2024 in the Ningde era (300,750.sz)
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.