In the Nind era (300,750.sz) events: 2025q1 achieved $847.1 billion in revenues, corresponding to/ring ratio +6.18%/-17.74%; net repatriation, accelerated growth in overseas cities, and a bright European performance. 24 years of firm sales exceeded 120gwh.
30 per cent over the 30 per cent increase; the significant increase in the corresponding stock of 65.6 billion yuan is mainly due to the volume of goods delivered; : zengtao_yj@chinastock.com.cn has a 38 per cent market share, while overseas installed markets have a 28.8 per cent share, with the company ' s share of European cities being significantly higher.
From 8 pcts to 43%, German factories are starting to make a profit. In storage, companies are less open to the United States, the Middle East, Australia, etc., are better off, and exchanges are up by more than half.
Net interest rate innovation is high. o1 Lithium carbonate prices are moving downwards, leading to lower prices for products, less income growth than sales, and less Māori rates than for sales, but structural changes have led to a sharp increase in the ring ratio.
At a rate of 7.1%, the same/ring ratio - 5.9/-0.8 pcts. At the same time, the company's investment returns have increased, and ultimately the net interest rate at the parent level has continued to grow. Cash flows have increased and business expansion has accelerated. The company q1 has a net operating cash flow of $32.9 billion, the same/ring ratio + 16%/+11%. Strong cash flows support the company to actively expand its operations: the company has signed with China.
10,000; the company plans to build a 40gwh lithium battery green smart base in Shandong. The company ' s q1 capital expenditure is $10.3 billion, or 46%/+4% of the same ring ratio.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence, to clearly and accurately reflect my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
In August 2022, Galactic securities were added to the list of candidates for the " Asian currency " , " New wealth " , " Crystalball " , where the Asian currency selected the new energy sector, which is just as well as the Beijing University. They were used for web-facilitating and byte swings. This report is made available to its customers by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter " Galactic Securities " ).
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.