On May 12th, the Ninder era announced the official launching state.
International sales book, which is expected to be listed and traded in Hong Kong on May 20th. Money distribution (US$) is only about 6%. The stock distribution is currently 118 million shares in the base distribution of h shares, which is in full compliance with the above and the excess distribution rights.
The Kuwait Investment Authority and others together accounted for HK$ 20,371 million (approximately US$ 2,628 million), or 66% of total fund-raising. The Ningde era priced at high prices close to a share price, as well as over HK$ 20 billion in capital investor subscriptions, reflecting global investors’ recognition of the value of the Ningde era.
By the end of the first quarter of 2025, corporate money stood at 321.3 billion yuan and cash reserves were sufficient. We believe that the main purpose of corporate equity fund-raising was to raise foreign visibility and promote the expansion of overseas markets, with 90 per cent of the money raised going to be invested.
In the Nender era, three production bases have been built overseas, in Germany, Hungary, and Spain, in which German plants are already in operation and are starting to make a profit.
The lower factories in the country are expected to help localize the company’s supply in Europe after delivery. Concurrent stock buybacks are a sign of confidence in the company’s development.
Globalization is the lead in long-term development. When Hong Kong shares are on the market, the Ningde era will become a double-square-market enterprise, attracting capital from both mainland China and overseas to support the expansion of overseas production capacity and technology.
Research and development; at the same time, European localized production can be used to address trade uncertainties, further entrench its global leader in the field of batteries, and set new poles for Chinese enterprises to go out to sea. The Ninder era battery technology and the global layout lead the industry, and the layout of the electricity expansion business, and we look forward to long-term corporate growth.
The current market value of the Division corresponds to a market surplus of 18.0 times the market rate of 2025, and the valuation is attractive and maintains buy-in.
The Ningdel era (300,750ch) The Ningdel era (300,750ch) Silver International
On the 10th floor of Man Yee Building, 68th in Hong Kong.