:: Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) • company q4 performance meets expectations and is more profitable and resilient
Billions, with $17,488 million in revenue from other operations. The firm ' s 24-year net operating cash flow was strong, amounting to $97 billion, sufficient cash reserves, and an end-of-period monetary fund of over $300 billion. 24q4 companies achieved a steady increase in the market rate, ranking first in the world.
On the market side, according to Sne, the company ' s 24-year global load of power cells has reached 36.5 per cent for 24 years. According to China ' s Union of Power Battery Industries, the company ' s 24-year domestic load of 246.01gwh, with 45.1 per cent of the city ' s share, is the first in comparison to +1.9 pt.
The company has a strong lead. The sales of lithium ion batteries in 24 years were 475 gwh, +21.79%, of which the sales of power cell systems were 381 gwh, +18.85%, and the sales of storage battery systems were 93gwh, +34.32%. In terms of capacity, the sales were 676 gwh, +22.46%, in 24 years.
Q4 Māori pressure, mainly due to the inclusion of a premium in the cost of high Māori products such as americium, orgs, as a percentage of higher Māori products, as a result of the increase in the efficiency of the company’s production capacity. The cost amortization contribution is more pronounced.
In 2025, the share of high Maori products, such as storks and thorium, was expected to rise to 6-7%, sustaining the increase in Maori rates. 24 years of company sales/management/financial costs kept high R & D inputs and product structures optimized.
In the power area, the company releases the Godplus battery, which is the world’s first 1,000-km continuation and 4-c-percharged lithium phosphate battery; and the introduction of a new generation of high-power americium batteries with a high discharge power.
In the field of storage power, the company issued a five-year zero-life review of the global first, 6.25mwh 1.
The increase in the proportion of gross domestic product (GDP) is due to a 30% increase in energy density per unit area; the introduction of a Pu100 storage product supports 6c electrical discharge to meet emergency 10-15 minute backup power requirements.
2.q2 Performance is higher than expected, industry is more competitive, power cell industry needs are less than expected, new technologies are less advanced than expected, industry competition is more intense, and the present report is produced independently and objectively using information on legal compliance, and the data and information used in this report are based on open information from the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.