In the evening of 14 April, the company issued its first quarterly report for 2025. q1 ' s net return profit increased by 30% on a year-on-year basis and cash flow continued to be strong.
Revenues of 84.705 billion yuan, an increase of 6.18 per cent in the same year; net returns to mothers of 13.963 billion yuan, an increase of 120 gwhh over the same year, an increase of 30 per cent over the same year, of which 80 per cent was generated by power cells and the unit of batteries held steady. Q1 managed a net cash flow of 32.868 billion yuan in 2025, an increase in the same year.
The company’s ability to make a profit remains resilient, with the introduction of super-crowding maximum manufacturing that will significantly improve its productivity. In December, the highest price (in dollar terms) kept the competitive edge of innovative products and the global market firmly in place.
In December, the lowest price (in dollars) continued to be raised by innovation. The autoclave supercharged batteries and americium batteries began to produce large quantities of cars in 2024, up to 60%-70% of the company's power cell output.
In January-February 2025, 38.2% of the world ' s power cell loads reached 38.2%, of which 43% were in Europe, up by 8 pccs. The storage energy sector introduced the solar energy system, and in January 2025, the world ' s largest storage energy order of 19 gwh was cut off, with a large model for the future.
The company has been a pioneer in the field of solid batteries for years, releasing condensable batteries that can be applied in aviation, and is expected to start small batch production in 2027 with a more saturated current capacity utilization and steady progress in global capacity-building.
The production capacity is currently saturated by 676gwh. At 219gwh, the domestic level, including projects in progress at the Central Cantonal base, Guiyang base, Xiamen base, Jinning base, etc., some production lines have been put into operation and capacity climbs: overseas, the capacity of German factories has gradually increased and the surplus has begun to be realized.
Li, the Hungarian plant phase is expected to be operational by the end of this year, and the Spanish plant and the Indonesian battery industry chain project, which are jointly financed with Stillantis, is being built or prepared.
Bioenergy development and increased demand for new data centres will drive rapid growth in storage energy demand, with a high degree of certainty in the demand for lithium batteries. The company is the global lithium power pole, with ongoing risks based on technological advantages; risks for the development of new products and technologies; risks of large fluctuations in raw material prices; and risks of market entry.
Note: The “market index” of this rating systema has a depth 300 index of reference; the three new three-board reference point is a three-board indicator. The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “middle- and low-risk” level, a “stable” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium-risk” level, a “positive” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium- and high-risk” level, and a “radical” investor to use the various risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.