Shanghai Medicine - Business Integration Lead Enterprise, Reassembled for Marginal Catalyst Stock Investment Rating: Purchase of Quantities First Covered Business Integration Lead Enterprise, Basic Stocking, Optimized Asset Structure is expected to lead to the release of performance gains
Shanghai medicine is a major integrated venture for business integration. In 2010, Shanghai medicine was listed in a stock market and the following year in a Hong Kong stock market. Shanghai medicine has accelerated the pace of business layout, creating corporate leadership in business through the acquisition of the University Park Shinhai and Condler, and, in conjunction with the mix of Yunnan white drugs, has opened a new chapter in corporate development.
In late 2023, the company entered into a contract sales strategy with Sénofie. The collaboration covered more than 20 products in the priority area of disease, with contracts of over $5 billion. In 2023, the company’s pharmaceutical cso business was sold at about $2.9 billion, so we judged that the revenue from the business was expected to grow rapidly in 2024.
In 2023, industrial plates achieved sales revenue of $26,257 million, a decrease of 1.87 per cent in comparison with the previous year, mainly affected by lower prices for priority products; of this, Chinese medicine generated $9,817 million, an increase of 10.30 per cent. The company currently has more than 16 million different types of Chinese medicine, with six Chinese brands, including the "destoods", "the idol", "Rays", "Long Tiger", "Hong Hu", "Hongsun" and "Yongsung", and "Yungsungsung", and has a deep cultural base.
In 2020, the company launched the 50 billion Biomedicine Industry Fund; in 2021, the Shanghai Biomedicine Front Industries Innovation Centre was set up in conjunction with the Chinese Academy of Science and the Zhang Gang group, with a multidimensional increase in research and development. Meanwhile, the research and development pipeline is gradually entering the harvest period, and the company’s industrial plates are expected to grow faster.
Management reforms have been completed, efficiency reductions have led to a steady release of business dynamism, and the company ' s management has now been replaced with a new chairman, while the company has introduced an external oversight management mechanism, with core management coming from a large group of shareholders, Yunnan and the pharmaceutical system, high-level management teams with extensive business management...and institutional reform further deepened.
Performance is expected to increase and be released gradually, with management moving towards completion, and efficiency gains are expected to be released on a continuous basis
The industrial plate has been laid over the years, gradually entering the harvest period, management has been replaced, and efficiency gains are expected to release their performance.
Shanghai Medicines, a large integrated leading business in business integration, was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 1994, formerly the Shanghai Municipal Medicines Authority, established in 1979. The company was transformed into Shanghai Medicines (Group) Limited in 2001 and entered the Shanghai Group in 2008. In 2010, the Shanghai Medicines Group and the Shanghai Medicines Group Group were reorganized and listed as a whole. The following year, Shanghai Medicines Group Holdings were listed as a leading company in both locations.
Together with Yunnan's mix of white drugs, it opened a new chapter in company development. Shanghai medicine paid about $3.569 billion in 2011 to complete the acquisition of shares in Sino-China Medicine Industries Ltd. and renamed it the “Upper Pharmacy Park IM” Ltd. In 2018, the company completed the acquisition of Condela’s business with $576 million.
In 2022, the company implemented a major strategic collaboration with Yunnan Pharmacy, which raised funds through the non-public distribution of Shanghai medicine, making it the second largest shareholder of Shanghai medicine. External cooperation is deepening.
In 2018, the company successfully completed the layout of the imported pharmaceutical agency platform by acquiring the same year, the company acquired the U.S. Upper Pharmacy Laboratory, which further added to the layout of deep-sea research and development. In 2019, the company, in partnership with the Russian biopharmaceutical company Biocad, formed a joint venture, which became another milestone in the transformation of innovation in pharmaceutical research and development in Shanghai and in the development of internationalization. In 2021, the company acquired the new antiquity agent in Guizhou x raw materials and preparations for the 842 Project.
In recent years, the company-owned Shanghai Clouds Health and Magnetic Faith Health have completed multiple rounds of financing, gaining the favor of a number of well-known investment institutions in markets, such as Bounty Capital and the Lean Asian Fund, to develop high-quality firms outside the company with broad development prospects. External cooperation is deepening the business landscape.
The company is affiliated to the Shanghai National Finance Committee and has a stable equity structure
The company is part of the Shanghai Public Finance Committee, where the group directly holds 17.01% of the shares and goes to the sea.
The upper-pharmacist group holds 19.35% of the shares. Yunnan is the second largest shareholder, with an approximate share.
Very few of the pharmaceutical companies that have successfully moved from the region to the country, are also the rare medical workers in the country.
In March 2024, Yang Qiuhua took up the position of chairman of the company, from a group of shareholders, with a wealth of corporate management experience. At the same time, the company introduced external oversight and management mechanisms through a mix.
Mr. Zhang, Secretary of the Yunnan Pharmacy Party, was introduced on the board as Executive Director, Mr. Dong Ming, Managing Director, and Mr. Maga, Chief Financial Officer of Yunnan Pharmacy, as supervisory officers. With the new management level taking office, a series of mitigating efficiency gains are being promoted, and companies are expected to become more dynamic and perform gradually.
33 per cent less, the company ' s net profit on maternity was reduced on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of a one-time impairment of the drug Concino and a first-time antimonopoly fine of $460 million, and after the elimination of the one-time special gain or loss, the company ' s net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was $4,919 million, an increase of 2.99 per cent. In the first quarter of 2024, the company achieved an operating income of $70,153 million, an increase of 5.93 per cent; the parent ' s net profit of $1,542 million, an increase of 162 per cent; and the deduction of non-net profit of $1,375 million, an increase of the same year.
1.3 per cent. With the progressive elimination of the adverse factors of the company ' s non-recurrent gains and losses, the continued contribution of cso agents to the growth of revenue, and the continued advancement of industrial R & D pipelines, the company ' s performance is expected to rebound to faster growth.
Figure 6: Corporate net profit return (millions of dollars) Integration of the North-South platform of the business block, gradual decline in the cost of sales, falling from 7 per cent in 2018 to 5 per cent in q1 in 2024, mainly related to the integration of the company ' s sales structure.
In anticipation of the goal of integrating 25 provinces and four major professional units throughout the country, the project for the integration of the North-South platform, which now integrates the Upper Pharmacy Park (North) under the Shanghai Consort (South) umbrella, has created a “national modern pharmaceutical supply chain service platform”. Through this integration, companies will further strengthen the operational controls of corporate pharmaceutical businesses, harmonize decision-making and authorization systems, operating systems, information systems, logistics, talent and incentives, financial systems, etc., to leverage North-South advantages and expand industrial synergies.
The corporate Māori rate and net interest rate remained stable, the cost rate was stable, the overall business was good and growth was more robust, the business sector had a larger share of revenue, the industry had a greater share of profits, and the company ' s gross operating income was mainly contributed by the business sector, with distribution being the largest share of corporate income.
RMB, 13 per cent increase in the same year, with distribution revenues of about $233.76 billion and retail operations of about $9.11 billion, both of which account for about 90 per cent of total income throughout the year.
Figure 10: Industrial and commercial profits are growing steadily
In 2023, the company was ranked 41st among the top 50 global pharmaceutical companies announced by the United States Pharmaceutical Manager, with a wealth of production resources, producing nearly 700 Chinese and chemochemicals and more than 20 agents a year. The company was also a national drug-flowing leader and a leading importer.
The company’s industrial plate is also highly competitive, ranking in the third highest number of Chinese pharmaceutical companies, top 10, in 2022, published by Minenet, and is also a top 10, in 2022, innovative Chinese Bigpharma enterprises. Strong business power and the advantage of an integrated business system provide firm stability.
The exhibition paved the way, and the overall advantages of the platform also helped companies to multiply their operations in the future.
The world's top 50, number 41, and China's pharmaceutical circulation is second in size, and China's pharmaceutical industry is third in size.
One of China's largest platforms for importing medicines, vaccines and medical devices, spd/New retail value innovation pioneers of prescription drugs, China's best industrial industry for pharmaceutical research and development products in 2023
The company continues to provide comprehensive life-cycle management services for global drug research and development, including pre-clinical support, international trade, and innovative distribution and value-added services at the national level, moving from traditional drug distribution to innovative enterprises that provide integrated pharmaceutical supply chain services. As a leader of domestic pharmaceutical businesses, companies are importing pharmaceutical, vaccine and medical equipment services.
It now covers 31 provinces and municipalities throughout the country, with direct coverage of 25 provinces, municipalities directly under the Central Government and autonomous regions through holding companies, covering more than 32,000 health-care institutions, a retail network spread over 16 provinces and municipalities, and a total of more than 2,000 retail pharmacies. Based on commercial networks and retail outlets throughout the country, companies have established deep strategic partnerships with a large number of well-known pharmaceutical manufacturers, both within and outside the country, as a central force in the distribution of medicines and the promotion of new medicines in the country.
Service hospitals, pre-market cooperation -- China's leading clinical trial supply chain, thousands of companies with their own professional pharmacists.
Coverage of all clinical trial bases in China, procurement of clinical reagents and samples, access to ports, warehousing, logistics, secondary processing, etc.  over 300 spd projects
Import services - China's largest imported drugs, vaccine platforms, duty-protected areas services, pharmacological/fast-import services, multi-port capacity, international supply chain capacity — become an important force in the management of hundreds of well-known hospitals
National Distribution - a nationwide pharmaceutical distribution network that can develop information and data management systems tailored to hospital clients; provision of a national distributor, retail pharmacy network, dtp operations
A living portfolio of services programme, which meets the needs of individualized services in hospitals; the outcome of support; the added value of innovation - a diversified system of innovative services; the point of calculation is flexible and diverse, ranging from medicine banks to clinical use.
Target market development, market access, cso marketing services, business insurance services Inc., as the leading business in the country, continued to grow steadily. In 2023, pharmaceutical businesses achieved sales revenue of $234.038 billion, compared to growth in the same year. Wholesales sector concentration is increasing, and companies are expected to benefit as the leader of the industry.
From 2019 to 2022, the share of the top 100 firms in the industry grew from 73.3% to a percentage point, with the top four firms showing a sharper increase in concentration. As the second-largest pharmaceutical wholesaler in the country, Shanghai medicine is expected to gain more development opportunities in this process of industrial concentration.
In 2023, the company successfully introduced 29 total import agents, including heavy-pound products such as k-drugs, and their abundance has been rising. In the field of vaccine agents, sales earned about RMB 5.2 billion in 2023, an increase of 19 per cent. In addition, the company signed a 13-price multi-sugar vaccine for pneumococcus.
Figure 16: Companies as import agents for a large number of heavy-pound products Figure 17: Annual growth in the number of total-generation products imported by companies Figure 18: Steady growth in revenues from the import agent vaccine business (millions of yuan)
As early as 2016, the company worked closely with Bayer to explore the business model of the multinational drug company ' s contract sales organization (cso) in China. After years of effort and development, the cooperation between the two parties has succeeded in breaking the $1 billion RMB scale.
Through this strong alliance, the company’s operations in the field of pharmaceuticals cso have developed rapidly, further enhancing the company’s market competitiveness, and working with Sanofi on a contract marketing strategy based on a wealth of business experience and rigorous compliance management. The collaboration involves more than 20 products in priority disease areas, which together amount to more than 5 billion dollars, working with Sanofy will help companies to build up a reputation of industry and lay a solid foundation for long-term development in the area of cso.
The company actively explores non-pharmaceuticals such as appliances, medical beauty, healthy food, etc.
At the same time, upgrading the full value chain of services and creating a platform for specialization in the area of segmentation. From 2020 to 2023, the amount of income generated by the company's operations increased from $19.3 billion to $36.3 billion.
In 2021, more than 8,000 new products were introduced into the upper medicine garden equipment business. In 2023, regional companies such as Shanghai, Sichuan, Zhejiang and Beijing increased their operations rapidly.
Long. Condolence and Ingenuity have worked together to promote sales of Benalu's injection fluids, open up the market with a porcelain beaucoup, and further promote corporate pluralism.
Industrial plates have been in place for many years and are gradually entering the harvest period.
Sixty priority varieties contributed major revenues, of which more than one hundred million species, and forty medium-sized postal securities. In 2014, the company adjusted the number of priority varieties in the industrial plate to 60, and the sales of priority varieties rose steadily over the decade, reaching 10 billion in 2018. In 2023, 60 priority varieties were sold at about $15 billion, and the sales of large varieties became more visible.
The number of company varieties has also increased from year to year, from 24 in 2015 to 48 in 2023, a doubling of the number. The company focuses on cardiovascular, digestive systems, immune metabolism, whole body anti-infection, neurone and anti-cancer, mainly in the injection of sulphate mucus, injection of insulin protein enzymes, new methic fluids of sulphate, injection of sodium sulphate, stomach respiratory spring, six pills, supply of raw materials for the Grelo series, and frenzia capsules.
By the end of July, the company had been approved for the production of various varieties such as iodone hydrochloride injection fluid, montanic injection fluids in the west, medium injections with methamidophos, sodium saltan tablets in the shacumbach, maschetettans, phosphate sigretin tablets, drenched cereals, hydrate ethanol tablets, etc., and the abundance of these varieties has increased further.
Please refer to the note for a wide range of priority varieties in the corporate sector, such as cardiovascular, digestive systems, immuno-degradation, whole body resistance to infection, neuro-neurological and anti-cancer.
Figure 27: Broad area of coverage (part of product) of industrial plate priority varieties Broad area of coverage of corporate block priority species Significant growth in income and brand advantage in Chinese medicine
Seven companies from the Xiamen medicine factory and the Yellow medicine industry have been awarded the "Micro-Pharmacist Industries in 2023", the Shanghai medicine flag "destroy", the "ghost" with its long-standing brand history, deep cultural roots and good market recognition, plus the list of the most recent Chinese characters identified earlier.
"The Dragon Tiger" "Ray" "The Hall of Magnificence"
Shanghai Medicine currently has six Chinese brands.  2023, the company has been able to boost its lifelines, stomach recovery, and health talks by upgrading its terminal coverage, optimizing its commercial layout, developing its overseas markets, expanding its marketing channels, and promoting its own health talks.
There are currently more than 16 million varieties of Chinese medicine, and there are no more than 1 billion varieties of musk-pine pills (not listed). The second largest species of stomach respirator, about 680 million sales, about 500 million for 8 bodands, 120 million for 6 dynasty pills, and about 100 million for ammonium yolk pills. The strategy for the future is the development of “big brands, big varieties” and the growth of the whole plate.
Figure 29: The growth of the company ' s median drug revenues (millions of yuan) and strong synergies with Yunnan in the Chinese drug sector. According to the company announcement, Yunnan has the potential to provide Shanghai medicine with advanced mechanisms and transformational experience in business innovation, and to finance investment in such areas as research and development in medicine in Shanghai.
At the same time, strong cooperation can be forged between the two sides in otc-based operations and large health operations, Chinese medicine resources and development systems, and pharmaceutical businesses.
Figure 31: Risk of price reduction for PMOXb (millions of yuan) Figure 32: Insulin protein enzymes maintained faster growth (billions) Figure 33: Usttin remained stable (billions)
Chart 35: Vibricin keeps growing faster (billions) Figure 36: Yuriklin keeps growing faster (billions)
Figure 34: A steady increase in the sale of bipolar bacterium (millions of dollars)
The company already has Ancory.
In the process of applying for a clinical package, you will have to apply for a new, improved drug.
New lines of medicine have been introduced into the follow-up clinical research phase and into the (iit) clinical research stage initiated by the researchers.
68, of which 55 are innovative drugs (including 3 in US Clinical ii) and 13 are improved new drugs.
Three applications have been submitted or placed on the market, and four are in the advanced stages of critical research or three new pharmaceutical products.
It's a product that's been introduced since you've been born in Guizhou, and it's got high blood for the company's own development.
P-cab drugs. At present, p-cab-pressed new drugs, currently diabetic kidney disease and a section of the platform focused on medicine.
It's already in China's stomach tube reflux (gerd) and it's an innovative drug for the treatment of lubrication, ulcer colonitis and two adaptive disorders at two.
The expert consensus is that pi will be treated together.
Gerd’s preferred drug, hopefully to break down, was introduced in June 2023.
The acid market is a unique situation for pi.
In China, the demand for blood pressure drugs is higher than the demand for the treatment of Idalabong and Lelu.
Uranium, srd4610 is from the in-house formulations large, according to the iqvia database, 2023 Proton Pump Repressant Product
In 2023, China's hospitals converted into a coded blood pressure group and are now in the process of making a critical sale amounting to $11.5 billion (of which p-
Sex research is expected to be the world's first drug treatment, with a total sales value of 23,460 million Chinese drug varieties for lubrication.
In May and June of this year, the company announced the progress of the pipeline twice, ending all or part of the clinical adaptation of multi-purpose products i101, b002, b003, b001 and i022, mostly in early clinical settings, with cumulative R & D investment of about $437 million.
Prior to the bed, the company terminated some of the projects with uncertain development prospects, helping the company to focus on niche projects, focusing on key products, saving R & D resources, and unleashing performance dynamism.
In October 2021, the Shanghai Biomedical Frontiers Group, led by the Chinese Academy of Sciences, was formed jointly by the Shanghai Institute of Medicine and Medicine.
In 2022, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the Hong Kong Science and Technology Park and Shanghai Biomedicine Fund to build an international innovation platform for biomedicine. In 2023, the company submitted a joint declaration with Shanghai, “National Priority Laboratory for Innovative Immunotherapy”; and a strategic cooperation agreement with the University of Pharmacology, China, to build an “Innovative Medicine Institute” in 2024.
In a spirit of openness, the techno-incubation team, the innovation program, and the integration of innovation with Hong Kong’s life-tech and pharmaceutical innovation resources, have joined forces to create a joint innovation incubator. Figure 39: The company’s partnership with universities, hospitals, and scientific institutes has been less advanced and less advanced than expected in R & D.
The data used in the present report are based on information that we believe is now publicly available and that, through independent judgement and conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective and fair, and the findings of the report are not shared by other parts and personnel of the company.