Investment rating: purchase (maintenance)
• Higher oil prices, with a near recovery in the pipeline. Keeping the “buy-in” rating is expected to keep it high, and the oil-coat industry is expected to move in, looking at the company's future prospects and maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
The loss of $2.01 billion in impairment of fixed assets: influenced by multiple factors such as the new crown epidemic, fluctuations in the oil and gas industry and energy transformation, competition for international oil field services, low operating prices and usage rates for some of the company's large equipment, signs of impairment, and 86.6 per cent impact on performance of the drilling plate in 2021.
Low performance, industry drops or will be as follows: the daily availability of drilling platforms dropped by 3.1 per cent over the same period, average daily income, despite a steady recovery in oil prices, the impact of the epidemic and investment in oil exploration and exploitation are still cautious and lagging, and the recovery of the garment market is slow. From 2022 to date, the average crude oil price of Brent has risen by 35 per cent compared to 2021, and the oil price is in the middle.
A step-by-step increase in global upstream investment in exploration and development is expected to continue to increase, with industry turning points or approaching.
By 2040, the main source of global energy remained fossil energy, guaranteeing the country's energy security and a better market for oil and clothing. The seven-year action plan for the protection of the barrier developed: the seven-year action plan for China and China identified a comparison between the company's exploration and the discovery of reserves in 2025.
In 2019, China and China doubled the total capital expenditure in 2022 to US$90-100 billion for net production and development efforts. Companies benefited from higher upstream capital spending, with future performance on the recovery path.
Corporate Annual Report-q4 Performance Super-expected, heavy assets shifted to heavy technology: development of ultra-temperature high-pressure cable surveying wells, “silent” systems, deep water hem drilling fluids significantly increased profitability
New technologies, such as new ones, insist on a shift from heavy to light-asset technologies, and corporate technological innovation will not only safeguard the garment industry, but also reduce the volatility of performance. Expanding offshore wind power: In November 2021, the company’s first drilling platform installed the offshore windmills, building new ground and accelerating the development of new energy businesses, with the company expected to continue to benefit from a low-carbon transition.