China Sea Oil Uniforms Report 2021: Impairment of Assets Release of track recovery growth period - China Sea Oil Clothes (60108.sh)
A 24.1 per cent increase in the same year, a 30.4 per cent increase in the ring, and a net return profit of 1.139 billion yuan in the first quarter.
Impacted by a high base of $188 million, on the other hand, the continuing impact of the epidemic, slower growth in upstream global exploration inputs, a slow recovery in the garment market, a decline in drilling operations, with 14,082 public drilling platforms operating days in 2021, a decrease of 487 days, a decrease of 3.3 per cent due to drilling.
The low utilization of well equipment and the company ' s $2.01 billion asset write-offs at the end of the year made it possible, however, to maintain high oil prices over the next two years as a result of the international conflict in the Russian Federation and the economic recovery, to sustain a steady increase in global exploration operations, leading to an increase in the overall daily rate, and to the performance of the company ' s drilling plate.
The oilfield technical services plate continues to be good, and the company’s oil field technical services plate generated 1585 million yuan, an increase of 13.2 per cent, and the Maori rate of 29.3 per cent, an increase of 0.5 per cent. The company is the main supplier of technology services in China’s offshore oil fields.
In 2021, the company invested 1,255 million dollars in research and development throughout the year, compared to "10."
The average annual level of R & D investment for the three-fifths period (874 million) has increased by 44%. Technological advantages have continued to drive companies to strategic shifts towards light assets, with the oilfield technical services module of light assets gradually rising to the top of the list in recent years, the company’s cyclical attributes have gradually diminished, and profitability is expected to increase further.
1. China Sea Oil Clothes (601808.sh): China Sea Oil Clothing China Sea Oil Capital Expenditure Uplifting Support Company Growth
The vast majority of the company's business is carried over from China Sea Oil, while China Sea Oil's Seven Year Action Plan proposes 2025.
2. China Sea Oil Clothes (601808.sh): Swords mean the world, amounting to US$90-100 billion. In this context, exploration for China Sea oil is expected to continue to increase, and the blue Sea market is ready to launch a big suit.
This provides a strong support for sustaining the company’s long-term workload, and based on certain guarantees of domestic workloads, the company is also investing heavily in overseas operations. In 2021, more than 100 new overseas contracts and supplementary agreements were signed, resulting in an increase in the volume of overseas contracts.
With increased and expanded overseas operations, there is still much room for growth in corporate performance, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. My research point.
The owner should not rely solely on this report as a substitute for his own independent judgement; he should make his own investment decisions and take his own investment risks; any investment decisions and capital decisions made by investors should be based on this report.