In the evening of 24 March 2022, the Chinese suit released its annual report for 2021. In 2021, the Chinese suit (601808.sh)
The company achieved a revenue of $29,203 million, or +0.8 per cent, with a prudential reduction in global upstream capital spending, net of 2020 oil settlement revenues with Norway. International oil prices \triangleright, 2021
High-level operations, but international oil companies are cautious about upstream capital spending, under the pressure of recurrent epidemics, low-carbon emission reductions, and capital constraints on investors. The oil-suits industry is oversupplying, markets are competitive, the prices and usage of large-scale equipment for drilling wells are low, and companies are planning to raise it at the end of the year.
Drilling services: Drilling operations collected $8.8 billion, or 23.4 per cent, of the same year and a Māori rate of 0.3 per cent, a decrease of 25.7 percentage points from the same year. This was mainly due to a decline in upstream exploration and development inputs, a slow recovery in the garment market, and a decline in drilling operations and service prices.
Field technical services: 15.1 billion yuan, +13.2 per cent, Māori 29.3 per cent, which is basically the same. The plate is the main contributor to the company ' s profits, the company ' s autonomous science, technology and innovation.
Continuing upscaling, R & D costs +24.8 per cent. Shipboard plates: 3.3 billion yuan, +13.3 per cent, Mäori 8.8 per cent, and profits from the same sector are mainly affected by the recovery of operating prices.
"Climate Recovery, Policy Plus, Tremendous Survey plate: 2 billion yuan, +62.4 per cent, Māori rate of 2.5 per cent, same as \triangleright "
In 2021, the company developed its own sealight cable collection.
The commercialization of the integrated navigation system for equipment and “seaway” towed cables filled the technical gap in our equipment in the area of Prospective Impacts, 2021.08.26; and the formation of the Chinese fleet of submarine nodes (obn) operating in the sea.
q3 Profit margin improvement, high oil price aid, corporate profit-favoured by a range of technology and equipment structures. 2021.11.03 The landscape recovery.
Crude oil has entered the 100-dollar era to boost the industry. In the medium and long term, the remaining crude oil of opc \triangleright Sindh Securities Inc.
In the second half of the year, with the exception of the United Arab Emirates, there was almost no surplus capacity for Oec-10 after the completion of the increase in production, and production elasticity declined in the country’s production supply.
But global demand for crude oil grew in 2022-2025 and will face long-term shortages, and we believe that 2022 was the turning point for oil prices.
High oil prices will push upstream capital spending back to the bottom, further boosting the oil-suit industry landscape. According to corporate strategy 2022, global upstream capital spending will increase by 24% in 2022, compared to the previous year, with global upstream spending rising by 24%.
China’s oil capital expenditure has remained stable, providing strong guarantees for the company’s domestic performance. China’s external dependence is over 70%, and domestic oil and gas exploration and investment efforts will continue to increase in order to safeguard energy security.
Thanks to a combination of factors such as high international oil prices, a national energy security strategy, and a seven-year plan of action for China Sea Oil Mothers, China Sea Oil will continue its active expansion of capital to guarantee the volume of corporate orders within the Group. In 2022, China Sea Oil's capital expenditure budget was between $90 billion and $100 billion.
The company focuses on oil-field demand, “one oil field, one oil well, one programme,” dedicated to ensuring a high-speed rise in dense oil heat and a significant increase in d+w capabilities.
High, and the scale of applications continues to grow. Autonomous high-temperature wells are fully deployed in Tunghai; rotational orientations are integrated into Iraqi and Indonesian markets with drilling rigs; the system is fully equipped and operational, and the country's 13th Five-Year Science, Technology and Innovation Exhibition is permanently established in the country.
Museums. The company continues to pursue a “technology-based asset” strategy to scale up its oil technology services operations, to continuously increase its resilience to risks during industry fluctuations, and to build a cost-leading advantage. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: we forecast the company’s net return profits for 2022-2024, respectively
\triangleright \triangleright, maintain a “buy-in” rating for companies. Risk factors: macroeconomic fluctuations and downside risk for oil prices; rebound demand recovery not expected
In 2017, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, which was responsible for research on the price of crude oil, oil mining, oil processing, refining polyesters, and investment assessment for the petrochemical projects of the Chinese firm Sindh Asset Management.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.