China Sea oil uniforms (601808): Quarterly improvements at the end of the harvest, profits company annual report 2021: operating income of 29.2 billion yuan, an increase of 0.84 per cent in the same year; net return to the mother is 313 million yuan, a decline of 88.4 per cent in the same year, mainly due to the company
Some large equipment utilization rates and operating prices have yet to return to normal levels, with a reduction of $2.02 billion. In addition, the company achieved operating income of $9.32 billion in the fourth quarter of 2021, an increase of 24.1 per cent, a significant increase in the ring ratio and its creation.
Highest level since the 2020 epidemic, with a record high in oil-technique business, the company's performance in ballast rock, and a 15.1 billion dollar revenue in 2021 from the company's oil field technical service plate.
By 13.2 per cent, or more than half of the first time, it rose to 51.7 per cent; the Māori rate was 29.3 per cent, the best level in history, and the company’s technology-driven and cost-aheadings were somewhat effective. On the other hand, companies steadily advanced key core technology R&D and R&D.
Guaranteeing production demand for additional reserves and using overseas markets as the first breakthrough point. The company's main research-based “silver” rotation and drilling system successfully entered the overseas market; self-researching the high-temperature, high-pressure anti-preservative cement slurry system to fix the saline layer in an oil field in the Middle East.
Well-drilling technical difficulties; contract for drilling wells in South-East Asia to initiate and complete the operation of the East and South-East Asia land-fixing project; autonomous research and development of surveying equipment to open the Middle East market for sales, advance to the American land drilling liquid services market and obtain service orders
Single: Unleashing African markets and locking in future workloads. With the recovery of the global garment industry, global upstream spending on exploration and development capital is expected to continue to increase, and public technology operations are expected to continue to grow well, with increased profitability.
The platform's usage is now turning upwards, and the daily fee is expected to reverse at the bottom.
During the same period the previous year included payments of $188 million from equinor for settlement income, and a decline in drilling operations and daily rates due to oil price fluctuations and epidemics. According to ihsmarkit, global upstream exploration began in 2021.
Capital expenditures amounted to $336.2 billion, an increase of 8.80 per cent over the same period; the average annual average bent price range is projected to be $80-90 per barrel for 2022, and global upstream exploration investment will continue to grow to $433.0 billion, or 28.8 per cent over the same period.
With high oil prices driving up capital spending expectations, the company ' s daily availability rate of 75.8 per cent/59.3 per cent per day from its upgraded/semi-submarine drilling platform throughout the year 2021 is rising, with daily rates expected to reverse from the bottom and company drilling platform having performance elasticity.
Risk of significant fluctuations in international oil prices; less than expected recovery in the offshore oil-scene climate; less than expected growth in China and China oil capital expenditure; political and economic environmental impact of overseas operations
The Automated Industry has six years of research experience in the mechanical industry, which is mainly responsible for listing companies in the mechanical industry. Ding Xing: The University of New South Wales has a Master of Finance, which is now mainly responsible for listing companies in the mechanical industry.
This report is produced by Chinese securities and is used only by customers of Chinese securities.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should independently assess the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.