Researchchand developmentcenter
- The depth report from China's 601088 company, Dec. 10, 2020.
Once again, China’s Senghua values the core assets of the integrated business, and the franchise is unique. On the one hand, China’s Senghua (601088)
East is the only mine in the country with a historically low price of coal, with significant cost advantages and a deep moat. 1) Resource endowment: core resources are located in Shinto, the al-Qagar mines, the best quality and wealthiest of resources, with an available reserve of 1.68 billion tons, with 32.2 years of service measured. 2) advanced production.
Capable, extremely low cost: Domestic production capacity of 33.4.8 million tons, 40 per cent of which is a low-cost open-air mine with production costs hovering below $130 per ton, ranked first among the four major coal companies. 3) In 2015, there was a total loss in the industry, and China’s shundred-and-for-mother net profit continued to reach 15.1 billion yuan.
The second largest coal plate, 27.5 times more than in the open-air coal industry. The other side, the Schollite Railway, is a key link in breaking the bottlenecks in the Western Coal East, with a similar concession, has a kilometre, becoming the country’s second-largest railway operator.
Short distances, the Qin region is able to achieve water-drain coal, which is less expensive to transport than the coal that has been brought down by the Qin railway in the port of Qin. 3) China’s Ito coal resources have built an integrated transport network of railways, ports, shipping, and have created its core competitiveness, which is not only conducive to upgrading.
In China, coal-fired coal-fired coal is consumed.
Ben, further guarantees the stability of the company’s operations, becoming a performance ballast, locking in the profits of the industrial chain. 2) The high percentage of the Congregation’s contracts makes coal more resistant to risk. China’s Sino-Chinese Association of Governors holds about 80% of coal, maintains its own railway advantage, and has a wide range of medium- and long-term agreements with downstream power plants.
The recent increase and fall (%) in January has increased the certainty of profits.a Since China’s market share, China’s profit stability has been ranked first among the power plates, with the advantages of integrated coal power.
High-quality growth attributes that are overlooked are bright. Coal: the main industry still has growth potential. 1) Haluso (35 million tons), Pozheel (35 million tons), Black Trench (34 million tons) and Victor I (28 million tons) are being phased out and capacity constraints are being released from the slopes.
China’s domestic coal capacity will increase by 21.51% to 406.8 million tons after the construction of a new 62 million-million-ton street site. Railways: the opening of the Yellow Railway will lead to a new performance growth point.
The annual transport capacity of 32 million tons (47 million tons planned for forward planning), which is planned to be fully paved by the end of 2020, will also lead to an equal increase in the number of Chinese sub-water coals.
Power plant delivery will result in a long-term steady cash flow. China’s Java power plant, operating under the Boot concession model, has a 25-year service period, with a steady cash flow. Unit 1 was put into business in December 2019, with a good profit performance and a year-round profit projection.
In October 2020, the Chinese company Java II was completed and is expected to be delivered by the end of 2020. Ports: the construction of the port of Huang Xiaoang 3 and 4 will raise the size of the underground coal.
The implementation of the project, with the formal start of construction, could result in a coal-loading vessel in a common berth, which could be distributed to cindasecuritiesco.,ltd
The advantages of a common berthing device, which ensures the quality of a piece of coal, are expected to break through building No. 1 of the 9th House on the west corner of Beijing City.
1) Quality assets bring a strong cash flow to the company: In 2004-2019, the size of cash paid by China's fixed assets, intangibles and other long-term assets fell by an average of 13.7% per year, and near completion of the completion of the Yellow Railway and the Bar-A-Trail will lead to a further decline in the level of subsequent expenditure. High dividends:
a The largest share since the stock was placed on the market is the cumulative share of the power coal block. 1)a Since the stock was placed on the market, the net profit attributable to the owner of the parent company was 459.98 billion yuan and the accumulated cash share was 23.41 billion yuan, of which a special dividend of 49.923 billion yuan was distributed in 2016, with a 51 per cent share for the power plate.
The net profits realized by the company in the year were not less than the net profits attributable to its shareholders, as opposed to the market: first, the value of China's franchise attribute was ignored: the main mining area, the Great East-West Coal Route, was allocated to and prepared for the country's plans.
Second, the certainty of integrated operational performance and growth are underestimated: China’s performance is stable in the top sectors, and there is still much room for growth in coal, railways, ports, and power panels in the future, which are expected to release sufficient elasticity.
Risk factors: Coal mining can release limited power, the construction of the Yellow Railway slows down, capital spending and cash-sharing risks, stock buy-backs short of expectations, and coal prices fall sharply. China’s energy sector’s core assets are operating in a deep moat.
1. The company’s historical history and equity structure is preceded by the China-China China-China-China-China-China-China-China company, China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China company, China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China company, China-China-China-China company, China-China-China-China company, China-China-China company. In August 1995, the State Council agreed to form the “Xing-China-China-limited” committee of national plans for the rehabilitation of China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-based coal-based company, under the terms of State-State Letter [1995]75, to form a “Xing-China company-limited responsibility” on the basis of China-China-based coal company.
Under the authority of the State Council, the Group is responsible for the development and operation of the Toshioka fields in the capital and their accompanying railways (including kiosks, syllables, syllables), power stations, ports, shipping fleets, and related industries. The Group has the right to external financing, foreign trade and export of coal.