In the 'i era, the global high-speed light module began with the wind, and the medieval stump (300308.sz) was launched on March 07, 2024.
• Global high-speed light module taps, with depth benefiting from aigc numeracy development, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Intermediary is a global light module flagship enterprise that combines the development, design, encapsulation, testing and marketing of high-end optical communication modules. Products successfully enter the global mainstream market and are widely used by top clients in many industries.
With the development of information technology, such as artificial intelligence, cloud computing, big data, and especially the rapid development of the ai, further growth in the demand for arithmetic, simple communication is an important foundation and a solid base for arithmetic networks, and the company, as a leading company in the light module, is expected to benefit fully from the development of the light communication market, with a stronger engine for growth and emptiness.
● Aigc catalytic numeracy needs, the bright module market is promising. The light module is a optical electronic device for photovoltaic and light conversion in light communications.
To promote the development of technologies such as silicon light, cpo, etc.; in terms of the application market, the market for digital access and telecommunications is promising, the market size of the modules is expanding, the country attaches great importance to the development of light communications, and the global market location of domestic light-module manufacturers is becoming more visible.
A surge in demand and a further boost to the 800g light module demand and to accelerate the rotation of high-speed products, leading firms are expected to benefit fully from industry development by 2024-03. • Corporate light module operations are well configured, industry leads, and competitive advantages are evident
The company's main business is the development, production and sale of high-end optical communication modules and optical devices, the company's full capital, the strategic holdings of Sioux State, the strategic holdings of Han technology and jingle electronics, the listed company's functions as a holding platform and operating headquarters, the consolidation of industrial resources, and the construction of light devices and steam in the context of the steady development of light module operations.
New lines of business, such as car-optics. The competitive advantage of companies is clear: (1) research and development is strong and self-inflicted, and new: (2) products are recognized by multiple customers, both within and outside the country, and the division area is maintained on a continuous basis; (3) the management team is experienced and has a deep PV industry background.
Risks, risks of trade barriers, global high-speed light module taps, deep-farming communication modules and the optical device industry 1.1, a global lead light communication module solution provider for the i-era
Since the company was formed in 2008, the company has continuously enhanced the full-chain investment layout of the PV industry and maintained its market segmenting of the PV module.
The company’s equity structure is stable, and the equity incentive binds the core backbone. q3, the company’s total equity stock, as of 2023.
The person in charge is Mr. Wang Weishu, who owns 6.20% of the shares directly and 6.58% of the shares of the company indirectly through Mid-Sang Dong Investment Control Ltd. The company’s president and president, Dr. Liu, indirectly owns 2.46% and 0.65% of the companies, respectively, through the Business Management Centre and the Chu Hung Won Enterprise Management Partnership in Su.
The company attaches great importance to employee management and core talent incentives. Since its asset restructuring in 2017, it has launched three employee restricted equity incentive schemes and three employee holding schemes, and in 2022 it launched its third employee holding scheme, which grants 249 core employees a total of 1.40% of the company ' s shares. In 2023, the company launched its third.
Sub-restrictive Stock Incentives scheme, which provides 107 core employees with a total of 1,000% of corporate restricted shares.Figure 2: Corporate equity structure stabilized (q3 up to 2023) Corporate ownership consists of high-end optical communication modules and the development, production and sale of optical devices.
To create a fully-owned Sioux State, a strategic-owned stock holding technology and jung-gyo electronics, a publicly listed company that functions as a holding platform and operating headquarters, integrates industrial resources, and builds new lines of business such as optical devices and auto-optics in the context of steady development of light-module operations.
Chongqing Kwangyeong Electronics, Sioux Xinjiang Technology, complete product mix.
A full series of solutions for user access to the network, interconnectivity within and between data centres.
An optimised solution for entanglement and return. Newly introduced associated optical transceiver 1.2, 800g light module needs are raised and profitability is gradually increasing.
In 2018-2022, the company had a net profit of 1,296 million yuan, an increase of 52.01% over the previous year, and a significant increase in profitability. The high rate of development of artificial intelligence had led to a strong demand for high-speed light modules, from 200g to 400g.
Moving upwards to 800g, we believe that with the continued construction of the computing infrastructure, the future demand for 800 g light blocks is expected to rise significantly, leading to a sustained increase in net profits from corporate revenue collection and repatriation. High-end module operations are growing faster, and companies are operating smoothly.
The company ' s low-speed communications module operations generated $666 million, a 25.71 per cent decrease in the same year; the company ' s high-speed light communication module operations generated $8,746 million, a 37.44 per cent increase in the same year, a faster growth. From the collection structure, they benefited from the continuous evolution of new and emerging technologies such as cloud computing, artificial intelligence, big data, etc., to increase transmission rates.
Downstream customers’ demand for high-end light modules has continued to rise, with core operations developed from 2018 to the point, except for a slight decline in the 2021 share. For both domestic and foreign markets, the share of corporate out-of-country revenues from the operations of the main battalion in 2018-2022 came from the first half of 2023, with the company doing well at sea, and the share of overseas markets in the collection of high-end light communication modules reached.
86.97 per cent, we believe that, with the rapid development of the overseas ai model, the strong demand for light modules by the overseas cloud giants is expected to continue, and companies may benefit from offshore operations, with the company ' s Māori rate and net interest rate levels increasing faster and more profitable in recent years.
Shifting the focus of operations towards high-speed light communication modules and optimizing the collection structure. Between 2021 and the first half of 2023, the company ' s Māori sales rate and net interest rates rose steadily, reaching 31.75 per cent of Māori sales in the first three quarters of 2023, and achieving a higher sales rate of 18.67 per cent.
The gradual increase in volume and the scale effect are beginning to highlight the continued optimization of the company ' s Māori ratio, the accumulation of the company ' s continuing performance in reducing efficiency gains, and the rising level of net interest rates.
The Māori rate for modular operations has grown steadily, Māori rates for medium- and low-speed module operations have improved, and corporate Māori rates are expected to improve. Corporate fee control is strong and continues to yield efficiency gains. In the first three quarters of 2023, companies achieved a sales cost rate of 1.15 per cent, compared to an increase of 0.14 percentage points, and a cost-control capability; and companies achieved a management cost rate of 4.11 per cent.
Companies focus on research and development inputs, early deployment of high-speed light modules, etc.. In 2018-2022, companies made research and development investments in figure 10: Corporate fee control capabilities are constantly being optimized
Figure 11: Companies attach great importance to R & D inputs, PV core components, IATM needs up 2.1, PV core components in PV
The light module is a optical electron device for photovoltaic and optical transformation in light communications. Technically, the receiving end is set to recognize only the telecom, cannot directly identify the light signal received and needs to be converted from the light module to the light signal. At the start of the transmission, the light launcher, driven by the chip, uses the original telecommunications.
(b) On the receiving end, after being detected by a light detector, the light receiver returns the light signal to a telecom and processes it with a front amplifier. The composition, the light module, is made up of a light device, a light interface and a functional circuit.
Light launcher (tosa, laser) and light receiver (rosa, light detector). Figure 13: Light module composition maps tosa, Rossa as core parts in light module.
In terms of cost composition, the optical device accounts for about 73% of the cost of the light module, and in the light-receiving component (rosa) and the light-launching component (tosa) the ratio of its cost is about 80%, both of which are active light units with a functional core consisting of photochips. Tosa is made up of lasers, adaptors, and tube cores.
Add separators and modifiers, of which the laser is the Tosa core component, and the usual laser types are vcsel, fp, dfb, eml; the rosesa is made up of detectors and adaptors, of which the detector is the Rose core component, the common types of detectors are mainly pin-tia and apt-tia; the photochips (including the light detector chips and lasers)
The cost of the chip is about 50 per cent of the total cost of the device and about 85 per cent of the total cost of the tosa and the rose.
The light module is divided into gbic, sfp, xfp, sfp+, sfp28, sfp56, qsfp+, qsfp28, qsfp56, qsfpp-dd, osfp, etc., depending on the type of encapsulation.
Device supplier, responsible for the provision of key raw materials for light module manufacture; midstream links include light module manufacturers, light chip manufacturers and light communications equipment suppliers, which are responsible for the assembly of photochips and optical devices into complete light modules and the development of accompanying power-driven circuits and control systems; downstream links are divided mainly into digital markets
And the telecommunications market, including Internet and cloud computing companies, telecommunications operators, etc. Domestic manufacturers are now concentrating on light module assembly and the manufacture of passive devices, high-end source chips are still in the import dependency phase, and home-grown photochips are gradually moving from low to high-speed rates.
Figure 18: Light module industrial chain chain abundance 2.2, ai development of catalytic luminous module acceleration, demand for downscaling to drive multi-technology evolutions, and with the release of Chatgpt as a representative model of the large language of artificial intelligence, the demand for arithmetic demand was created
The rapid increase in the volume of data, arithmetic needs, etc., drives the technological path of the light module toward high-speed, low-cost, low-power, and drivers the upgrading of related technological routes, such as silicon light, cpo, etc.
The silicon light technology is an important research direction based on low-cost, high integration. Silicon photon technology is based on silicon and silicon base-lined materials, using the cos process for a new generation of optical device development and integration, with good performance in terms of peak speed, energy consumption, cost, etc.
The overall advantages of the silicon light module programme are not yet apparent, and, as technology develops, silicon light is expected to rise to industrial opportunities based on the process, scale and cost advantages of the silicone-based industrial chain. According to Lightcounting, the light communication industry is already at a turning point in the application of silicon light technology on the sip scale, using the sip-based market for light modules.
The sum is expected to rise from 24% in 2022 to 44% in 2028. cpo low-power options or future directions.
Low-cost and high-integration. From 1.6t, the traditional plug-in rate rises or reaches the limit, subsequent light interconnection upgrades or shifts to cpo and associated programs. According to the Lightcounting report, the demand for ai for network speed is more than 10 times higher than the target, and against this background, the cpo is expected to reduce the capacity of the existing plug-in module architecture by 50%.
High-speed high-density interconnection transmission scenarios will be effectively addressed. According to Lightcounting, cpo exports are expected to start from 800g and 1.6t ports, start commercial operations from 2024 to 2025, and from 2026 to 2027 on a large scale, mainly for mega-coated cloud service providers.
Fifty million people increased to 4.5 million in 2027, with cpo ports accounting for nearly 30 per cent of the total number of shipments of 800g and 1.6t in 2027. The yole report shows that revenue generated in 2022 from the cpo market amounted to some $38 million, and figure 20: the cpo low-capacity programme or the way forward
Figure 21: The size of the market is expected to grow steadily in 2022-2033 cpo, 2.3. The rapid growth of the market model for light modules, the global position of domestic manufacturers, and the expansion of the market for light modules. According to yole data, the size of the market for light modules grew from 2021.
With $9.8 billion in growth to $11 billion in 2022, the global market for light modules has generated an annual increase of 12.5 per cent.Yole projects that global market revenues for light modules are expected to reach $22.3 billion by 2028 and a composite growth rate of about 12 per cent between 2022 and 2028.
2022-2028 pticaltransceivervevenuegraughtforecast byagegment We attach great importance to the development of light communications, and the share of the global market for domestic light-module manufacturers is increasing.
The lightcounting report shows that in 2010 domestic light module manufacturers accounted for only 15 per cent of the global market. In 2021, the market share of domestic light module manufacturers reached 51 per cent. In 2022, among the top 10 global light module suppliers, Chinese firms grew from one in 2010 to seven, and middle-class Xinjiang joined the coherent 1st.
Hua is ranked 3rd, Haes, Haesin 5th, Heising 6th, Heising 7th, Heising is ranked 8th, Solsi Light and Power is ranked 10th, and Middle and Middle is receiving nearly $1.4 billion in revenues, accounting for about 14.58 percent of the global market for light modules.
Table 2: The global position of domestic light-module manufacturers continues to be highlighted by the promising market for 2.4, connectivity and telecommunications, and by the growing demand for arithmetic modules, in terms of market demand, the growing demand for hardware equipment and technological upgrading in data centres and telecommunications markets continues to increase.
The rapid development of the luminous module market, in which the fast development of the ai further boosts the demand for numeracy, the light communication network is an important foundation and solid base of the network of numeracy networks, the light module being the core component of luminous communication, and the whole light module industry chain is expected to benefit fully from numeracy development.
The total sales of the Ethernet module would amount to $17.6 billion. 2.4.1, Number Market: dci accelerates evolution, network architecture upgrades boost demand, and the market size of the global data centre has steadily increased. In recent years, due to networking, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, etc.
Technological developments, with data centres becoming a critical infrastructure for businesses to store, process and manage large amounts of data, combined with the increasing demand for online services and content from users worldwide, including video streaming media, social media, e-commerce, have driven the expansion of global data centres. According to China ' s Information and Communications Institute data, the year 2017-2021 is global.
The size of the data centre market increased from $46.555 billion to $67.93 billion, with an average annual compound growth rate of 9.91 per cent over five years, and is expected to further increase to $82.05 billion in 2023. idc predicts that global data will reach 175zb in 2025.
The overseas cloud giants attach great importance to artificial intelligence inputs. According to dell'oro, capital spending on global data grew by 15% in 2022, and the global data centre capital expenditure is expected to reach $350 billion by 2026, an increase of 4.7% and the ring by 15.6%.
By 2023, Microsoft will invest the largest amount of AI-related infrastructure, with 13.3 per cent of its capital spending going to the ai area; then Google, with about 6.8 per cent, cloud computing needs drive the upgrading of the network architecture.
Layers and core layers, dominated by North-South flows. As cloud computing needs continue to grow and data flows expand, so do the requirements for network architectures. East-West traffic is becoming the dominant mode within the data centre.
The network architecture of the SPine-Leaf network has expanded access and convergence layers and significantly increased the efficiency of the cloud network of high-performance computing sets or high-frequency traffic communications equipment. Figure 28: Network architecture of the traditional three-storey data centres and network structure of the SPine-leaf data centre
traditional3-tierarchitecture 2-tierpine-leafarcture e.g.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I don't know, aggregation left access
The need to upgrade the network structure of the data centres to pull light modules increases. With rapid developments in cloud computing, big data, ultra-high vision frequency, artificial intelligence, 5g industry applications, network access frequency and access are increasing, network data flow is growing rapidly, posing a higher challenge to data-centre connectivity.
For example, typical light interconnectivity consists mainly of two types of data centre-to-data centre-to-data centre-to-to-to-to-to-to-tor-leaf, leaf-spine scenarios. In this case, interconnectivity within data centres accounts for a larger share of the overall traffic distribution of data centres, increasing speed, low power, low cost, and intelligence.
In addition, the number of light modules used in the transmission of information has increased due to the number of connection ports to the network structure of the data centre in the spaine-leaf, which requires approximately nine times the number of containers in the traditional three-storey data centre network structure, and 44 to 48 times the number of light modules in the network structure of the data centre in the spine-leaf.
The dgxa 100 set of network structures drive the demand for 200g light modules up. Under the 100superpod data central system, the a100superpod cluster consists of one unit (su) per 20 nodes, all of which are divided into seven su: 140 dgxa 100 cluster with 8 gpu chips per server.
The total supply and supply of the cluster is 140 x 8 = 1120 chips. Based on the a100+contentx6+qm8700 three-storey network structure, each node in the first tier contains eight interfaces, the number of leaf switches required for a single node is 8 x 7 = 56, x 2 = 2240: the number of cables in the second and third tiers is the same as in the first layer, corresponding to 200 g light.
The number of modules is 20 x 8 x 7 x 2 = 2240. In summary, a100+contentx6+qm8700 network structures require 200g light modules 2240 x 3 = 6720, a100 corresponding to 200g light modules under 7 units Introduction of the nvlink and nvlinkswitch programs in supercomputers with 256 gracehopper super-chips
Films, with 32 800g interfaces per Nvlinkswitch switch, 800g module for two floors of fat-treeto under the copper line programme; overall, 256 gh200 units correspond to the 800g module at 1:9.
A total of 1,065,000 new stations have been built throughout the year, up from 5g; in December 2023, the number of users of the 5g package by the three major operators reached 1,373 million; and in December 2023, the number of 5g mobile phones delivered 2,420.0 million, or 85.6 per cent, and figure 33: the number of users of the 5g by the three major telecommunications operators is increasing (millions of households)
The “two gigabytes” policy accelerated deployment and network infrastructure continued to be optimized. In March 2021, the Ministry issued the “two gigabytes” Action Plan for Synergy in Development (2021-2023), which proposed that by the end of 2021, the gigabytes network would have the capacity to cover 200 million households and more than 5 million lightless networks (10g-pon) and above.
By the end of 2023, the network had the capacity to cover 400 million households, 10 gpon and more, over 10 million broadband users, 30 million households, and 5g at the township level and above.
Regional and priority administrative villages cover and achieve the “two hundred” goal. In May 2023, 14 departments, including the Ministry of Trade and Communications, jointly issued an opinion on the further deepening of the telecommunications infrastructure and sharing for the high-quality development of the “two gigabytes” network. It was clearly stated that by the end of 2025, the mechanisms for sharing the telecommunications infrastructure would be improved and that the joint construction of the shared work would be carried out jointly.
By the end of 2022, the total length of our cable lines had reached 59,580,000 km, a net increase of 4.77 million km from the end of 2021, and the number of 10 gpon ports with the capacity to provide services at the end of 2021 had reached 15,223 million, an increase of more than 100% from the end of 2021.
Fftth infrastructure development is gaining momentum in most countries, with global ftth penetration projected to exceed 1.2 billion households by 2027; the global pon equipment market is projected to exceed $18 billion by 2027.
The 5g network structure drives the demand for light modules. The facility for connecting wireless terminals to core networks as wireless access side is at the core of the 5g network wireless coverage. Compared to the 4g base station, the 5g base station re-assembled the bbu band processing unit with the rru radio frequency unit, the original bbu function is integrated with thecu and du functional entities.
and merges the original rru with the antenna into aau entities. Transfer routes between aau to du, cu, the core network are divided into three parts: forward, middle and back.
The highest rate, mainly using 100g, 200g, and 400g light modules. The 5g network structure adds a new transmission of the middle-transit component, which increases its demand for light modules.
Of the 185.2 billion yuan, 33.5 billion yuan, or 18.09%, was spent on capital of the network. Of the 47.5 billion yuan in revenues generated by China ' s telecommunications operations in the same year, 1178.8 billion yuan was generated by the industry, an increase of 19.7% in comparable calibres, making it one of China ' s main revenue growth engines.
16.8 per cent. In 2023, China ' s capital expenditure on mobile computing network schemes was 45.2 billion yuan, an increase of 34.93 per cent over the previous year; China ' s telecommunications budget for 2023 was 99 billion yuan in capital expenditure, with 19.5 billion yuan in capital expenditure on arithmetic network; and China ' s combined budget for 2023 was 14.9 billion yuan in capital expenditure, representing 19.4 per cent of capital expenditure.
From 2023 to 2025, the global market share of the telecommunications sidelight module is projected to reach 2,859 million, 3,122 million and 3,355 million dollars, representing an increase of 10.47 per cent, 9.2 per cent and 7.46 per cent, respectively.
3.1. Corporate light module products are excellent and significant in size. Corporate light communication operations are carried out mainly through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Xinjiang Sioux, Ltd., and Seng Dynasty Seng Dynasty, Ltd.. Through their holding platform and operating headquarters functions, they operate for clouds.
Computation of data centres, wireless access, and transmission-related customer listing companies provide the best light module solution. Promoting industrial synergies and promoting the integrated development layout of the Digital +5g+ Access Network.
The company focuses on technology research and development and promotes product development towards high-speed, miniaturized, low-capacity, low-cost, 100g for cloud data centre customers.
The high-speed light modules of 200g, 400g and 800g, which provide up-to-date, intermediate and return luminous modules for telecommunications equipment providers, are used for high-end, integrated solutions such as urban area networks, backbone networks and core network transmission light modules, as well as optical devices for fixed network fttx fibres, and maintain a leading position in terms of volume and market share within the industry.
The company has vertically integrated product lines from chip encapsulation to light electrical devices to photovoltaic modules. It is at the same level of leadership in the field of light devices, company product design, sealing, and production, with coc processes, emlchip wrapping, box wrapping, etc.
Advanced technology; in light modules, companies continue to increase their input into product lines and increase their production capacity reserves. To this end, companies already have a more competitive advantage in autonomous R & D and engineering applications of automated production platforms, automated equipment, and the level of automated technology is a leader in the domestic industry.
Access to the web-based optical communication module products and their combinations, including the traditional g/epon and 10gepon series and the combo series used in the full-fledged mixed network architecture, which meets the itu and msa series standards and is widely used in the various types of access networks.
3.2. Active deployment of auto-optics, strategic synergy. Strategic ownership of the company, Kwangong Electronics. Active deployment of car-optics. Chongqing Electronics and Technology Ltd. was established in 2013 and is primarily responsible for the electronic front-loading of cars. In 2023, more than 30 domestic automobile factories acquired one.
Qualities of grade suppliers, mainly developed and produced for sale, include CarLogs, Rewind Images, 360 Panorama Cameras, Intel Cameras, Outside Cameras, Reverse Radars, k1/ak2 Automatic Parking Radars, sdk Area Control algorithms, electric door window switches, alarm alarms, etc.
Intersupplier, a fully-funded company, Jiangsu Jijiz Network, has increased its capital holdings, and is working with the underworld technology to develop car laser radar, hud, and car light communication operations, which are expected to achieve better industrial synergies and sustainable development. The company's layout laser radar, which is more technologically common.
Active measuring devices with precise distance between mass objects and sensors are now widely used in high-tech areas such as autopilot, drones, 3d mapping, object networking and smart cities. Light communication and laser radar have some commonity at the bottom of the process and technology, so that the technology platforms and production lines accumulated over a long period of time by light communication operators have some degree of convergence.
The market for laser radars is promising. Throughout 2022, laser radars grew from $317 million per year in the area of passenger vehicles and l4 autopilots to $4.477 billion in 2028; global laser radar shipments are expected to reach about 2.92 million and 31.154 million, respectively, in China and China.
Figure 43: Laser Radar Market 2022-2028, promising 3.3. Firms give high priority to R & D inputs and industry ' s competitive advantage is prominent (1) R & D technical barriers
Suzhou is a member of the Osfp Business Industry Union and the ieee802.3andituq2forponconversion team, as well as a member of the tc6-lightware wg4 working group of the ccsa China Communications Standardization Association transmission network, and
OSfp, qsfp-dd, member of the association, long-term tracking of front-line technology in the industry. The company has a single-mode parallel optical design with precision manufacturing technology, multi-mode parallel optical design and coupling technology, high-speed electronic device design, simulation, testing technology, and has developed a fully automated and efficient assembly test platform, spearheading the use of chiponboard in the industry.
On December 4, 2020, the company also launched the first 800g industry exhibition on the Ecoc 2020 line.
Intubation of the OSfp and qsfp-dd800 series of light modules. In January 2021, the company 200g/400gcfp2dco-related module was honoured with the "The Best Products of Light Communication in 2020" list. In 2022, an autonomous design-based silicon chip 800g was shown to be plugged in OSfp2*fr4 and
qsfp-dd800dr8+silicon light module. As of the first half of 2023, companies had cumulatively obtained 41 foreign authorized patents and 294 domestic authorized patents (including 5 authorized patents in Hong Kong and ATO), with 122 authorized inventions. (2) Customer certification barriers
The company’s products are recognized by multiple customers, both within and outside the country, thus maintaining an advantage in the area of disaggregation. Suppliers need to go through strict vendor certification and product code certification procedures for downstream customers, i.e., to satisfy product code certifications while meeting the corresponding qualifications, customer field visits, etc., in order to become qualified suppliers and to establish direct, direct suppliers.
Stable and close cooperation. Over the years, in the field of deep-farming modules, PV and PV products have been based on technological excellence, high value for money, high scale delivery, reliable supply features, etc., have been recognized by most mainstream global communications equipment manufacturers and cloud data centres, and have developed long-term and stable partnerships.
(3) Team experience, corporate management team experience and background in the PV industry. The founder, current president and president of the company, Liu San, is the chairman of the Union of Light and Communication Industries in Suzhou. He worked in a number of PV companies and worked on product research for a long time.
Management. Corporate management teams have a strong photo-electric background, manufacturing management experience, photo-communications experience over an average of more than 10 years, and companies also have nearly 10 years of experience in importing new products for the module, covering the entire function of the project.
4. Profit forecasting, valuation and investment rating 4.1, profit forecasting and assumptions Corporate commitment to grow into a global optical communication module solution service, with a strong focus on high-end light
With the development of information technology such as artificial intelligence, cloud computing and big data, the company, as a leading global light module company, is expected to benefit fully from the development of the optical communications market and to be more dynamic in the form of (1) high-speed light communication module operations: as global ai and cloud computing evolves, it is expected to contribute to the high-speed light.
The rapid demand for the module is expected to yield further volumes of high-end products such as the company ' s high Māori 800g and the product ' s Māori ratio is (2) medium- and low-speed communications module operations: the Māori product ratio is expected to remain stable as the company ' s overall business moves to the high-speed light communication module.
(iii) Light Component Operations: Business collection and Māori rates of the subsidiaries’ large-scale storage components are expected to continue to grow steadily. 4.2, Valuation Analysis and Investment Ratings, we choose the national light module industry's excellent business base communications, new euphemisms, and fast technology as comparable companies.
In 2023-2024, the average value of comparable company pe was 65.9 times, 40.8 times and 31.6 times respectively. The development and manufacture of medium-sized and deep-cultivated communication modules and optical devices, we believe that the rapid development of the ai is a growing demand for arithmetic, that the light communication network is an important foundation and a solid base for arithmetic networks, and that companies are leading the world's light module.
We expect the company to return to its net profits in 2023-2025. Table 10: The average value of companies compared to comparable companies is still more space1 and light module business is less developed than expected.
Global corporate IT spending and data centre construction are not as well developed as expected, and increased industry competition or suburban core household growth will affect corporate business income as a whole. If corporate core technology is not upgraded in a timely manner, or there is a miscalculation of R & D directions, there will be no R & D product.
Legally marketed, there are other competitive alternatives to the company's products.3 The risk of supply chain stability The untimely supply of raw materials will, to some extent, increase the cost of production of the company's products for the company's profit
Levels have a negative impact. If future trade frictions between the US and China escalate, or will reduce the demand for home-grown light module products, making procurement of key raw materials more difficult, it will affect the profitability of companies.