Shanxi Liquor is now in place, and the 14th is going to go up to the top, and the 14th is going to go up to the top. Multi-priced, sub-high, sub-high.
A strong competitor with a thousand-dollar price belt. The Shanxi market is in a period of stabilization, the roundabout market is well developed, the deep nationalization of the system’s dividends are released, and the 14th Five-Five is on its way up to the next level. Rewinding company reform in 2017 has done three things: (1) reform with strong government support has solved the team’s incentive problem (2).
Shanxi's depth report... clear positioning, high-strike, high-cost re-energizing branding. (3) Continuous upgrading of sales teams to improve terminal control.
The speed with which we're running is 28.3 per cent higher, the net return to the mother is 45.7 per cent higher, and the growth rate is ranked second among the white wine companies. We believe that the growth of the sunflowers, the upgrading of the product structure, the deepening of the country, the growth of the wine, and the still greater scope for growth are expected to continue at a faster pace in the next three years.
The company’s products include wine, bamboo leaves, 90% of its total revenue, including the Saffron series, Panama, Old White and Bozo series. The company’s product strategy is:
Caught flowers, a strong waist, and a stable bouncing system. (1) Saffron brands are up, creating a virtuous circle of prices and brands, and, among the primary products of sub-highly famous wine, Slate 30 is the rare species that can double the price of a batch. The Saffron series is expected to grow faster in the next three years, with an income of over $20 billion in 2025. (2)
In 2021, the company re-energized its waist products, which benefited from a series of green flower prices, and gradually expanded to a national empty market, and we expect to achieve a faster increase of more than 20 per cent per year over the next three years. (3) Bollium is a high-priced bottle of light wine, with a terminal price of $50 per bottle at the end of 22 years.
In view of the fact that the wine is located at the middle and high end, we judge that the price of the bottle will increase slightly over the next three years, and that prices will continue to stabilize, and that the market will be finely developed and nationalized. (1) Intra-provincial markets, the market will continue to grow.
Shanxi is the company’s main market, with a good consumer base, a full-priced market, and a more difficult entry of competitors, and we judge the company’s presence in the province and city to be as high as 60-70%. We expect that in the next three years the province will have fewer brands of wine, the most branded wine, the big market, and more room for improvement. In the long run, I am,
In 2020, the company began a national change of layout, with a lot of room for growth in three dimensions: perfume, region, and price. According to the latest epidemic, "Sanxia: 3 seasons of high performance, brand power."
The 30-channel excesses expectations, which affected performance growth in 2023. The epidemic repeatedly affected end demand.
Food beverages: The White Wine ii system dividend continues to be released, and the 14th Five-Year Reform Target is overachieved, with successive high performance growth. From 2016 to 2021, Shanxi Liquor was ranked 2nd in the White Wine Listing Company.
Continue to run fast, with a 28.3% increase in revenue, a 45.7% increase in the net return to the mother, and a 2nd increase in the speed of the harvest of white wine among companies listed on the market, and continue to be far ahead, with a fast growth in the Qinghua series and out of the province. Recapturing the 2017 reforms so far, Shanxi wine has done three things right: (1) reform, with strong government support, solved the team’s problems.
Incentive issues. (2) Reclaim branding branding is clear, high-profile, high-cost, and well-defined. (3) Sustained upgrading of sales teams, reforms with strong government support, and team motivation issues. Three years from 2017 to 2019, employee-holding schemes, launching of the Chinese military campaign, overall listing of the group, and three major events completed on schedule, reflective of Shanxi’s government’s strong support for wine.
In contrast to the reforms around 2017, it is clear that the institutional dividends of the 2017 National Finance Committee’s plan were clearly released. The 14-16 reform of the state enterprise, which was a small-scale test of cattle, did not produce any tangible results.