The rate of increase in net profits is positive, the middle-income margin returns - the construction bank reported performance rating for the three-quarters of 2025 - the construction bank (stock code: 601939)
The net profit return has improved on a quarterly basis, with a positive rate of increase: 2025q1-q3 with corporate operating income of +082 per cent, a slowdown of 1.33 pct over the first half of the year, a negative shift in the net profit growth rate of +062 per cent; annualization with +4.19 per cent, an increase of 2.62 pct over q2.
The smooth expansion and higher returns on investment are still supported. Debt costs are optimized, public loans are steadily increasing, retail loans are improved: 2025q1-q3, net corporate interest charged at one latitude.
The rate of return on interest-bearing assets is still under pressure; at the same time, companies are strengthening long-term, interest-bearing deposit controls and proactive liability management, and the cost of debt is optimized to support interest differentials. The size of the company is growing robustly. At the end of September, total loans were higher than at the beginning of the year and domestic loans to the public were still the main driving force behind credit growth, compared to the beginning of the year.
+8.98 The growth of loans in priority areas, such as five major articles, is expected to remain high. Individual loans are warmer than in the middle, and returns on investment remain high: 2025q1-q3, corporate non-interest income is better than average asset quality, capital security is more marginal: as of the end of September, corporate non-performing lending rates were higher.
Upgraded by 1.45 pct at the beginning of the year, the risk countervailing capacity remained sufficient. By the end of September, the firm’s core level of capital, with steady improvements in net profits, had also enhanced its endogenous growth capacity.
The company’s fundamentals are robust, asset quality is excellent, dividends and low valuations are highly attractive to long-line finance. In 2025, medium-term dividends will continue, with a proposed share of 30%.
Risk resistance and credit availability. We maintain a “recommended” rating, combined with company fundamentals and market positioning, and we maintain a “recommended” rating.
Figure 1: Building bank revenues, net gains and speed increases
Figure 4: Construction bank net interest differentials and negative returns/cost rates, Figure 5: Size and rate of increase in construction bank loans, Figure 6: Size and rate of increase in construction bank loans to public and retail loans
Figure 7: Construction bank lending structure, Figure 8: Construction bank retail loans per annum, Figure 9: Size and acceleration of construction bank deposits
Figure 10 Construction bank deposit structure Figure 11 Construction bank non-interest, intermediate operating income and speed of increase Figure 12 Construction bank other non-interest income, return on investment and speed of increase
Figure 13: Size and speed of construction of bank property, Figure 14: Size and speed of build bank retailing, Figure 16: Construction of bank provision coverage
Figure 15: Poorness of construction banks, ratio of loans of concern, Figure 17: Adequate level of capital of construction banks. I am committed to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the information contained in this report is provided to the client for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to the client and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.