\triangleright's operating income increased by 27.09 per cent over the same period by $185 million, and the net return to the mother was $725 million, which was a loss on the same date;
The deduction of net profit not attributable to the mother - 862 million yuan, representing a year-on-year deficit - increased income in a single quarter, while the increase in indicators such as inventories reflected the firm ' s confidence in its future development.
The company’s operating income rose by 284.59% from the same year. The company’s operating income increased largely because of the company’s continued market expansion. At the same time, the company’s strategy of restructuring has led to a gradual suspension of some of the R&D projects that are expected to have a lower M & D rate and a decline in R & D inputs.
In the medium-to-long term, the company's chip product has established cooperative intentions with leading companies in various sectors, with the result that the branding effect of the product has been highlighted by the Division's focus on the development of the web-based business and the advancement of autonomous products and industry solutions centred on the web-based business.
Kwok Xinwoo's important clients continue to make breakthroughs, giving high priority to research and development as the foundation for long-term development.
\triangleright Breakout: By December 2023, China had moved 12 provincial companies, more than 70 ai operations, to the Mlu series of cloud intelligence acceleration cards.
1. The semi-annual reporting point for typhoid-u (688256.sh) in 2024 has reached or exceeded the level of the international mainstream product. China moves to the Toyoon border side of the coordinated management architecture and smart computing.
Assessment: Ongoing research and development to lay the foundation for development, eco-accomplishment of sensing and movement control capabilities, formation of multi-centre, large-scale arithmetic clusters around east-west hubs to support accelerated growth - 2024/09/02
(b) Continued strengthening of research and development and survival 2. Qinji-u (688256.sh) first coverage report: Pre-state construction: in hardware, the company ' s new generation of smart processor microstructures and instructions are being developed;
In terms of software, the company’s basic software system platform is constantly being optimized and iterative. At the same time, the company has worked with intelligence like future computing products and the depth of large models of visual multi-models, and with top clients such as Begawa Intelligence, and in a number of key industries such as the Internet, operators, finance, energy, etc.
Investment recommendations: The company is the lead in the national production of the ai chip, actively developing a new generation of smart processor microstructures and instruction sets, continuously optimizing and iterative reasoning and training software platforms, promoting intelligent chips and acceleration cards in a number of priority industries, such as networking, operators, finance, energy, etc. The company is expected to continue to land in 2024-2026.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.