Summary of events of 09/01/2022: 7 January, the company issued an announcement that the company will renew the rare earth supply contract with the North.
From 1 January 2022, it is proposed that the sales price of the two parties be adjusted to $26,887.20 per ton free of taxes (dry volume, reo = 51 per cent), 1 per cent for each increase or decrease in reo, $527.2 per ton (dry volume) for non-tax prices, and 65.27 per cent for rare earth concentrates: the base price for sales of rare earth concentrates was significantly higher than in 2021.
From 1 January 2022, the sales price of rare earth concentrates was adjusted to $26,887.20 per ton without taxes, a substantial increase of 65.27 per cent over the same year, a 1 per cent increase or decrease in the Reo, and a 527.2 per ton increase or decrease in the non-tax price, a +65.27 per cent over the same period.
The total volume of rare earth concentrate deals is no more than 230,000 tons, up from 180,000 tons contracted in 2021, and 1,093 million yuan worth of tiles. The total volume of rare earth concentrate deals, sold and sold in 2022, as agreed with the North.
Research assistant: Sun's second spring, with a double price increase, the company's rare earth plate profit contribution will be even more prominent. The company's rare earth rotor oxidation reserves are 13,82 million tons, rare earth concentrate production capacity is 450,000 tons, rare earth plate sizes
There is a long-term prospect for a world-famous reservoir of resources in White Cloud Obo, owned by the holding-share group, which has been explored in the form of billions of tons, a storage of about 13,82 million tons of rare earth ores, and a production capacity of 450,000 tons of rare earth ore. The rare earth, which continues to be so high, the rare earth prices are rising gradually, and the rare earth plates have a long-term outlook.
In the context of carbon peaks, carbon neutrality, the company's steel plate profitability has increased considerably. The company owns four fine product lines: plate, \triangleright tube, track, line. The company produces 17.5 million tons of steel, and has formed a board, pipe, track, line.
The production pattern of the four fine lines is 9.7 million tons of csp, wide-plate production capacity, the largest plate production base in the north-west of the country. The two world-wide advanced high-speed steel-track production lines, with 2.1 million tons of annual capacity, are the most equipped and capable high-speed steel-track production base in the world.
Lines, with an annual production capacity of 1.8 million tons, are the country's best-sized seamless pipe production base. The company's steel and steel raw materials are more secure. The holding stock group has 1.4 billion tons of iron ore deposits, and the company owns 8 million tons of coke production capacity to secure high-fired raw materials. In the context of carbon peaks, carbon neutrality, steel prices are expected to be heavy.
A gradual upswing that continues to add to the company's steel plate performance. Investment proposal: Rare earth plate development prospects, carbon peaking, carbon neutralization, steel plate profitable \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.