Revenue and profits are back on track, and innovation is leading the way. 21st of August 2023: On August 18, Heconway published his semi-annual 2023 report.
For 37.571 billion yuan, an increase of 0.84 per cent in the same year; for the first time since \triangleright, the level of net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies remained stable at $5.338 billion, and the level of profit margins remained stable, with net profit return rising at 2022q1 per year.
For the first time since 2022q1, the net return has been positive. Companies have accelerated their transformation, and the growth of innovative business has injected new energy into their sustainable development.
Innovative business such as imaging, auto electronics, etc., together generated $8,188 million, an increase of 16.85 per cent, or 21.80 per cent of the total, and 2.99 pct more than the same period last year. Of this, robotics, auto electronics, and other innovative business have increased by more than 20 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Governments, small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) are under pressure, and businesses and offshore operations are performing well.
In the first half of the year, public security and government operations were significantly affected by fiscal pressure, with pbg registering a decline of 10.06 per cent in the same year; smbg registering a decline of 8.50 per cent in the same year.
The average growth in business was 2.42 per cent; on the overseas side, companies achieved better business in the Asia-Africa region, sustained robust R & D-side competitiveness base, and the performance of the three major groups was noteworthy in the second half of the year. Since 2018, the cost of R & D has been growing, with companies investing 52.85 per cent in R & D in the first half of 2023.
The annual Hai Conway (002415.sz) & Quarterly Review: Billion dollars, an increase of 13.06% over the same period last year.
The performance statement will reveal that, following the release of the report, it will be evaluated with the Government's fast-track performance report 5.
As expected, the ebg and smbg operations also have the potential to continue to grow in the context of the sustained recovery of urban and rural digital new capital beneficiaries-20. Investment advice: corporate performance sends a signal of a bottom-up rebound that will be accompanied by better domestic macroeconomics in the future.
There is room for good growth in the corporate ownership and emerging innovation of the business community and overseas operations. We predict that the methodological and analytical logic of \triangleright will lead to conclusions, that the present report will be presented independently and objectively, and that we will be responsible for its content and perspectives. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.