Corporate Review Report  The Computer Industry 02 Business Indicators Ring Improvement, Innovative Business (002415.sz)
Wu Xing Jian, with a 7.31 per cent decline in the same year and a 94.71 per cent increase in the one-quarter ring; a small increase in the first half of the year in net profits from non-repatriation, and a steady increase in innovative operations. The company published its annual report for the first half of 2023.
For the reporting period, 37.571 billion yuan was realized, representing an increase of 0.84 per cent over the same period and 31.90 per cent over the single quarterly round; the net return profit was 5,338 million yuan, a decrease of 7.31 per cent over the same period and 94.71 per cent over the single season round; and the net non-repatriation profit was 5,036 million yuan, a decrease of 10.79 per cent over the same period.
This included an increase of 29.00 per cent for robotic operations; 21.57 per cent for auto electronics; and 23.86 per cent for other innovative operations, including products and services of the corresponding operations, such as seacomb fire, seacomb, seacomb, seacomb.
The increase is mainly due to the fact that the main product and service sections of the company account for 73.59 per cent of the total revenue, which is larger and their revenues have decreased by 6.83 per cent over the reporting period.
Pbg, smbg are under pressure in the short term, and ebg’s business needs are more resilient. The main products and services in the company are directed at the public service sector (pbg), the business unit (ebg) and the small and medium-sized enterprises, respectively.
Business (smbg). Business industry needs are more positive in the country, and companies seek to balance “outputs”, “inputs” and are expected to strengthen the digital transformation drive across industries in the medium to long term, thereby empowering the demand side pbg to serve mainly at all levels of government, including municipal, county, town, village and other levels of government, to provide a number of intellectual solutions.
Business management. The pbg operation remained under pressure during the reporting period, down 10.06% from the same year. In its research on investment machines, companies noted that government-level operations were subject to traditional management practices, but at the same time the demand for improved efficiency and technological and technological management tools was more rigid, and therefore along with macroeconomic recovery.
Improved access to finance, combined with macro-policy regulation, provides an opportunity for growth in demand on the government side. bbg is the only major business that resumed growth during the reporting period, with an increase of 2.42% over the same period. The business focuses on technology such as multi-dimensional perception, artificial intelligence, low code, cloud services, etc.
Industry offers digital transformation programmes with multi-application scenarios in which businesses, education, etc. are growing; intelligent buildings, while adversely affected by real estate, are growing as a result of the drive of industrial parks; and the financial, cultural and health sectors are continuously shrinking with external influences.
The market space for smbg operations is wide, but it is influenced by external uncertainties, and the large models and the ai side of the report, where companies cover a relatively mature model of business development; the industry should, at the level of hardware, hardware and algorithms combined, prepare the time and model of an open platform for the company.
There is a competitive advantage in the industry in terms of number of types, user base, development costs, etc. The company plans to work in branches to improve efficiency; in addition, in order to better provide a soft, hard integrated solution, the company will apply a general algorithm capability to enhance the programme’s availability.
Wu Jiantmt/Collective Research Director. Has a second-tier market experience and long-term focus on science and technology companies. Master of Engineering in Electronics and Communications, Beijing Post and Telecommunications University, and Bachelor of Arts in Engineering, Jilin University. Two years of work in electronics, six years of experience in securities, and has been employed in Xinghai securities, China.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, in a diligent and professional manner, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.