In the wake of the storm, the video conglomerate is revalued as a provider and service provider of video-centred intelligent solutions, with a global advantage. The current point is very valuable: one-eighth of Haikang's market value and one-eighth of Haikang's ps is unique.
Business is good, and the layout of the Da-Chang software platform is significantly underestimated. The difference between the global market share of the two has been only one-eighth since 2014, as measured by the comparison between Haek-Cang and Da-Chu data. This is mainly due to the growing market recognition of Ha-Cang ' s software capabilities and innovative business.
But the layout of the software platform in Dahua is not fully recognized and underestimated by the market. In fact, the price of the company in Dahua compared to the trend of 300 deep, it's already got the capacity of ani to create a full-chain layout of the "end-side-coordinate-cloud" connection.
Four basic institutes form the "Headquarters-Provincial" two-tier R & D system. The software platform is horizontally decoupled, vertically closed, and now has 500+ viewers api, leading to a 200% increase in the efficiency of the new industry and a 180% increase in the efficiency of the integration of third-party components.
In recent years, investment opportunities in the i industry have emerged, with more than 68% of them, according to the China Research Centre.
The investment agency uses the ai as a priority investment area, absorbing more than 100 billion dollars in the primary market for the industry in the 33-month period up to 2020q3. The unicorn industry also announces that, according to our calculations, the value of the unicorn in the primary market is generally more than 20 times the ps, with clouds from technology exceeding 44 times the ps.
We believe that security is the main setting of the landfall, reaching 54% in the i-enabling industry, and in 2022, the market is expected to reach $7.18 billion, with a combined growth rate of 78% in five years.
One of the leading firms will benefit significantly from the development of the ai+security industry. In addition, the ability of China to create a landscape in the application of the ai is undervalued.
Bad debt accounts raise risks that can be controlled, and business quality improvements that are significantly underestimated, suggest that companies have achieved positive results since 2018, when internal management changes began.
Cash flows have improved significantly, with net cash inflows in the first three quarters of 2020 amounting to $1,268 million, the first time in history that q3 was reported in depth, and now cash inflows are being made to the Angkor Precinct Industries. The improvement in the quality of the company’s operations has not been fully reflected in the valuation and has been significantly lower.
A series of artificial intelligence 2020-07-22 2. In-depth report on the research computer industry in the Hwa'an securities industry.
1. The spread of internal and external epidemics, restrictions on business activity and demand for orders; 2) the persistence of trade frictions between China and the United States and the impact on the stability and continuity of the supply chain;
The time has come to update the recognition of China’s shareholdings, which we believe are undervalued at this point in time. Business performance continues to grow in a positive way, with valuations increasing from Heicon, which is clearly understated at this time.
Moreover, in terms of the market share of both companies in the global security video surveillance market, the gap has remained around 10 pct since 2014 and has not increased significantly. As a result, both in terms of revenue, net profit, and market share, the stockholdings have been well developed, and the market value is now clear.
Haikang’s software capabilities are gradually gaining market recognition, and the layout of his software platform is being underestimated. The analysis of the valuation gap between Haikang and Da Hwa is increasing, and we believe that the software capabilities and innovations, mainly in Haikang, are gaining market recognition, especially the aicloud platform that expands the company’s business boundaries.
We believe that the stockholdings have also acquired the capacity of the ai, resulting in a full-chain layout of the "end-side-wind-coated" connection, especially on the software platform. The company relies on the four basic research institutes to form a two-tier system of "Headquarters-Provincial" research and development. The software platform is horizontally decoupled, vertically closed.
It has been able to support the enabling operational deployment of the ai+ industry. It has been continuously open to the outside world, creating three layers of open architecture for artificial intelligence technology, industry api, and product systems, and improving the ecological layout. The company software platform has now integrated 500+ viewers api, which has led to a 200% increase in the efficiency of the new business on-line and the integration of third-party components.
In recent years, the unicorn industry has been receiving marketing coaching and submitting listing applications, and the technology exploration of the industry as a whole has evolved to a commercial landing on a commercial scale.
Together with the financial data disclosed by the Licorne companies and the pre-market valuations of the unicorns on the itt oranges, it is possible to measure the approximate number of valuations between the firms. From our measurements, it is generally 20 times more than the value of the technology in the first level of the market, where the cloud exceeds that of the technology.
Security is the main scene of the fall. The industry is growing rapidly. From the main application of the present landing, it is expected that, according to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, 54% of the jobs in the industry will be in the industry, the main scene of the current fall.
Dahua’s ability to sit on the ground as a frontline is underestimated, and the current valuation is significantly lower than that of a unicorn. As the main scene of a landfall, during a commercial phase of scale, the accumulation of scenery data and the production of algorithms
It is hoped that this will be the key to future competition. For more than 20 years in the field of deep farming video surveillance, there has been a wealth of data in the field of expertise, a powerful landscape, a business layout that extends to smart parks, parking, smart sites, energy industries, automobiles, new retail industries, agriculture, and so on, and it is hoped that it will be built.
A strong competitive advantage. In terms of valuation, the current market value of the stockholdings is only 2.7 times that of the 2019 ps, with a difference of more than 10 times that of the unicorn, and the current valuation is significantly lower.
In summary, we believe that the value of the investment in the stock market is significantly undervalued at this time. The year 2021 is expected to be the year when the i-unicorns are declared to be on the market, and the value of Heicon on the market is rising.
The future is more likely to build on the technological and landscape capabilities of the organization to continue to expand its operations to a wider market of intelligent goods. The value of investment at this point in time is being revalued, there is much room for long-term growth, and we firmly see good corporate transformation and huge investment value.
The strategic transformation ai+video consortium 1.1 is deep: from security to video network, focussing on visual areas for 20 years, starting with security products, and now actively moving towards ai+video consortium.
Home, but the current development has moved beyond the ANAD itself to a broader intelligent object league. In recent years, the company has been actively transforming its layout, mainly in the form of: 1) software platforms. In 2019, based on deep holes in trends in the digital economy and the intelligent resource cluster industry.
Cha, the company's accelerated deepening and landing strategy of the Great Hoc City Hearts has further advanced the wisdom of introducing the video-centric architecture of the Networking System, which is oriented towards innovative applications in the industry, building the Union of Intellectuals Paas platform, intensifying cloud synergization, accelerating the upgrading of platform-type, ecological architecture, and providing client-oriented application-oriented scenarios.
and data value closed solutions. 2) Centrally around data and software. The corporate smarts coalition Paas platform is positioned as a big data platform with in-house construction of a "four ones" capability, i.e., a data online network that guarantees that managed data are always online and on-the-end cloud.
Efficient computing synergies; two viewing smart engines with three data intelligence engines based on artificial intelligence technology, emit volatilization algorithms, multi-intelligent scenarios, and platform service capabilities for data mining; and four business application enablers to provide a unified data capability-based Saas service to governments, businesses and consumers.
In 2017, the company created a cloudy brand for the company’s networking of goods and artificial intelligence, a public cloud product. The big cloud serves businesses and developers in retail, community, site, logistics, etc.
In addition, the company has actively deployed new video products such as machine vision, video conference systems, professional drones, smart fire protection, car technology, intellectual storage, and robotics.
The company’s operations cover a variety of markets, comprehensive products and solutions for its customers. The company’s demands and pains are built around the customer’s needs and is based on the “Hoc Heart of the Great China City” structure, supported by “all-knowing, all-intelligent, all-calculation, all-economy” capabilities, and continuously creates business values that are driven by the needs of its customers.
For tog (government, government) and city-level markets, companies build urban smart decision-making hubs and city operations management centres, provide government public services, economic regulation, market regulation, social governance, environmental protection, urban-level applications in five major areas, create business scenes of urban wisdom, and help cities to achieve good governance and prosperity
For the market of tob (business, business), the greatness of intelligence finance, intelligent parks, intelligent communities, intelligent manufacturing, intelligent logistics, intelligent retailing, intelligent energy, intelligent education, intelligent hospitals, intelligent literature, etc., from security visualization to business operations, management, continuous insight into customer needs, enrichment and fine-tuning of the landscape.
Tosmb (small-mediumbusiness, small and medium-sized enterprises) market, based on the company ' s technological base, the ability to integrate its resources, working together with partners, issuing perimeters, access points, parks, parking lots, security checks, security, security, safety and security.
A series of one-stop smart micro-programmes, such as site, retail, logistics, and transparent kitchens, are loaded into the channel market to develop and grow the capacity of industry and users. Toc (consumer, consumers) markets continue to be developed with smart hardware, smart technology, smart clouds
“Triple One” business ecology, which provides consumers with a more intelligent, accessible, secure combination of smart objects, working with partners to develop more landscape application services and co-construction of the Wirtschaftsprüfer network ecology.
1.2 The multi-product system builds the ai+video-associated capacity for cloud computing and artificial intelligence, building the platform-wide capacity. We believe that the company has performed cloud computing and artificial intelligence layout earlier.
In terms of cloud computing, the company built a business enabler platform for industry-oriented solutions. In terms of artificial intelligence, a new generation of “bigma” artificial intelligence platforms was launched in 2019 to improve the efficiency of artificial intelligence research and development.
(a) Base floor capacity. Chart 9 Corporate Cloud Computation and Artificial Intelligent Technology Development History of Application Level: Introduction of Industry Software Solutions through In-depth Understanding of Industry.
1) From the client community, corporate industry software is directed towards three core business lines: city level, industry level, and consumer level, underpinned by a big data platform, building business enabler platforms, carrying a scenario-based industrial business software module, and developing three series of tog, tob and tosmb/toc in conjunction with client-oriented ecological systems and service capabilities
Industry software products and services. In terms of concrete solutions, tog industry software assumes urban-level versus government-oriented (e.g. public security, transport, emergency) industry-level software development and custom-based delivery, and tob sector software assumes business-oriented (e.g., public security, transport, emergency).
Industry-level software development and customized delivery in enterprises, parks, buildings, etc., and tosmb/toc software, mainly for micro-enterprises and consumer markets. 3) In terms of industry software performance, companies will operate software in the Tog, Tob and Tosmb/toc industries.
Video capabilities, intelligence capabilities, large data capabilities, etc., continue to be open, and have evolved over time into platform software products in the fields of public security, justice, traffic, emergency management, fire prevention, parks, finance, buildings, energy, education, etc., to provide comprehensive safeguards for customers’ data value chain closures.
The technology layer: decoupling downwards, enabling upwards, and focusing on video events. Companies, based on cloud computing and big data technology, use the platform as a vehicle to support the entire product system up and down.
1) Uplifting. With business as a catcher, achieving data online, value computing, business enabler, building data storage, computing, analysis, modelling, sharing, etc., focusing up on video scenes, helping the business line develop solutions around clients quickly. The big data platform provides the basis for industry software through data and business mediums.
Frames and supports. The company uses the Great Data Research Institute as a vehicle to continuously increase its research and development inputs, project cloud computing, big data technology and product development to drive the data value chain to shut down. 2) Decoupling down. Public platform software integrates cloud computing with large data advantages, using componentization and packaged bullets.
Sex architecture, combining the tiered couplings of the software architecture with vertical closed loops, is built around the three key processes of data online, value computing, business applications for value realization, compatible with the various soft and hardware products within the product system, connecting existing products and platforms organically through bottom-level data connections.
The products of the company have been completely upgraded in terms of perception, intelligence, computing capabilities, and formation of the “wise world” series, the “wise mind” series, and the “wise mind” system.
A full array of competitive products, such as the columns, the “smart” series. These rich and sufficiently disaggregated product lines, when building a holistic, landscape-oriented solution, guarantee a more manageable proportion of the programme, whether in terms of compatibility or in terms of functional tailoring.
Figure 11 Some hardware products Public software platform enabling energy applications 2.1 versus internal energy: software platform supporting the ai+ industry
The stockholdings have accumulated a number of advantages in the Ai+ Security phase. We believe that China has built many advantages for its own development based on the link between the Ai and the Ai+ Security, and we conclude that the algorithms, data and hardware of the III(1)'ai have accumulated. In recent years, the company has begun to build the Ai+ Laboratory, building on a continuous basis.
Large-scale training platforms. So far, the human vehicle architecture, the ocr algorithms themselves have accumulated, and the continued input has been well ranked at the level of algorithms in specific areas, such as the top global ranking in the latest double-observable 3D matching algorithm evaluation in Dahuai in 2020. So, in phase 1.0, the company is based on the security field.
In the end, one has accumulated a wealth of algorithmic technology, which has laid the foundation for subsequent industry empowerment. (2) The landscape data reserves are rich. We believe that the key to the ai+ industry's empowerment is the number of scenes in the field of specialization, which accumulates. For example, the face recognition algorithm is now more sophisticated in terms of mobile phone unlocking, but as a face, it's a face.
In recognition of the application of identification techniques to security surveillance, since the camera is a top-down viewer, the human face data extracted has a different view of the image and the corresponding data need to be accumulated for this particular scenario, otherwise the accuracy of the algorithm identification cannot be guaranteed. Thus, in phase 1.0 of the ai+pan security phase, the company uses years of depth to its clients.
The experience of the field has accumulated a wealth of scenery data that can be expected to become the "end-side-coated" product system that underpins the industry's ability to sense, calculate, and store. We believe that the landing of the ai requires the perceptive equipment of the edge, and the computing and storage capacity of the cloud.
It also builds its own hardware equipment such as servers, storage, etc., and already has a full-scale “end-side-side-coated” product system. It builds a “headquarters-provincial” research and development system to support business development.
Research on cutting-edge and generic technologies. Among them: Large Data Research Institute applications in video monitoring around cloud storage, cloud computing, big data, etc., for distribution storage, parallel computing, container technology, video photo intelligence analysis, high- and low-delayed-flow media technology, distribution
At the same time, it is also a post-doctoral workstation at Zhejiang University and a priority business institute in Zhejiang Province, which is expected to support the company’s forward-looking technology.
The Central Institute, which is the repository of company basic technology, is primarily used to support the pain spots of the company’s operations, such as the high-precision temperature system developed during last year’s epidemic, and cutting-edge technologies such as cognition, 5g and so forth, which are the focus of the Institute’s research.
The Institute of Cyber Security, which focuses mainly on research on cybersecurity technologies and services, has joined the International Union of Incident Response and Security Teams to produce a variety of video products for the company. In addition to the four major research institutes at Headquarters, the company has further downgraded its industrial software research and development capacity, creating Zhejiang, Zhejiang, Zhejiang and Zhejiang.
The provincial software development centres in Shandong, Jiangsu, Shanghai, Xian, Guangdong and Guangxi practice the “customer-centred” value of “customer-centred” and approach clients to enhance service capacity and enhance client satisfaction. The software platform is becoming more sophisticated, supporting companies from “ai+security” to “ai+pan security” and “ai+industry”.
We believe that the current construction of the corporate software platform is gradually improving. The corporate software platform is moving towards decoupling and vertical closure. The software platform contains data and intelligence services, and it's embedded in a multi-year industry application experience model that can integrate capabilities and provide up-to-date scenarios.
Interfaces to help build efficient industrial software applications. Vertically, bottom laas provides a variety of sensors for data collection based on image information; the Paas layer contains distributed computing pooling, smart video access platforms, and security centres, operations management centres, equipment access services, and fluid media engines. The saas layer is based on client and industry.
Horizontally, Paas' video and dataai engines, together with storage systems and a variety of services, engines and central resources, form the business application platform that underpins the development of top-level operations. Video business systems support companies to expand from "ai+security" to "ai+security".
The business Paas platform has embedded a variety of visual recognition scenarios that support the company's evolution from past security video surveillance to a general security application in the field of visual access. We consider this to be phase 1.0 of the company's future capacity development. At this stage, the public software platform can help the company to sink algorithms for different scenarios.
The data business system integrates multi-source isomer data to support the company's evolution from ai+pan security to the broader ai+industry. In phase 1.0, although the industry's traditional horizontal structure of decoupling is usually the foundation.
Links to the facility are connected, but the top-level data and business systems are stand-alone chimneys, based on this model. Operations require different links to access basic services such as multi-platform api, which is a major impediment to the rapid realization of high-dimensional functions.
The operational Paas platform, which together constitute an operational application platform, truly integrates multidimensional data. We believe that the data business system primarily addresses the processing and analysis of multi-source isomer data and connects the bottom lines of multiple operations, thus integrating structured image recognition data from the company in phase 1.0 and various information streams within and outside the enterprise.
It allows the company to really go into the business scene and move to phase 2.0 of the ai+ industry empowerment. 2.2 Open to the outside world: the platform's ecosystem is initially built on a software platform that builds three layers of open ecology. We believe that the company's software platform does not start at home.
At present, the corporate software platform is open in three main layers, namely, smart platforms, and smart platforms.
Business platforms and product open platforms, which form closed rings of value ecological chains. Smart open platforms provide multiple capabilities for artificial intelligence algorithms. Artificial smart platforms cover algorithms to develop the full process, including automatic labelling, development training, transplant simulations, algorithm integration, online testing.
Opens the respective subsystems for independent delivery of all stages, flexible matching, and lowers the algorithm development threshold. Platoon privatization deployments, process traceability, intermediate delivery can be tracked, effectively ensuring the safety and security of training data and products.
The business open platform provides a rich business api interface. The business platform provides access to video/materials over 1 million roads, eb-level storage, hundreds of billions of documents management, and 99.9999 per cent of the technical assurance data for erausurecode; it provides multiple intelligent service capabilities, centralizes the algorithms of the algorithms, algorithms and algorithms, and web-wide agreements.
Harmonizing flexibilities with cloud edges to form multi-dimensional intelligent services ecology; providing organized large data application services Capability, deep-farming industry applications, big business scene deposition of 500+ business models, 500+ application interfaces, supporting trillion-degree data second-scale retrieval, supporting integration search, fresh data values.
The product open platform is fully business-opening, arithmetic open, and a well-developed infrastructure.
Flexible customization of embedded unique operations in the chain; open computing of smart hardware, standardized interfaces, shielding of platforms Differences, supporting complex computing efficiency and maximizing product performance; and open hardware resources, such as ddr, flash, and exterior, with flexibility to move to higher levels of added value.
From the ai algorithm to the application of the site, site-adaptation ability is at the core and builds competitive advantages. We believe that the current development of the ai algorithm, whether a unicorn or a seacomb, is mature enough to adapt to its own business.
But in the current process, from security to general security, to the ability of the ai+ industry, the location and suitability of the scene became the core of the business of the ai-scale. We believe that it involves two processes, first and foremost the ability to recognize the structured image of the video, and the ability to identify the key objects.
In animal husbandry, for example, there is a need to identify the number of pigs in animal husbandry. Second, there is a need to use human and industrial intelligence to achieve predictions in a characteristic setting, such as animal husbandry, to determine whether pigs are sick, ready to give birth, and to collect large amounts of temperature and behavior-related data.
Many industries have a deep convergence of know-how, so the ability of the scenes to land is particularly critical. With cameras and videos as a portal, and through years of in-depth industry accumulation, many industries now have a deep know-how and scene-adaptation capability, which the market is not fully aware of, and we think the scene has become a reality.
Capacity built up a competitive advantage between the Chinese shares and the ai four dragons. 3.1 layout ai + pan security, horizontal expansion of the advantage track 3.1.1 Smart Parks: reduced costs for small community personnel and enhanced safety performance
The company integrates video surveillance and a cartoon, on the basis of a subsystem, and integrates them into the terminals, increases the security efficiency of the park area, achieves real-time surveillance, alerts, multi-point connections, etc. The program can be used as a functional tool for: self-help identification for a visitor, face-to-face closure, unattended, and connection tracking.
3.1.2 Wisdom parking: support area vehicle management, mitigation of urban traffic congestion.
The advantages are also reflected in the fact that, through video recognition, unlicensed vehicles can still enter and leave the garage via cell phone sweeps; transparency of each vehicle is achieved through the correction of the number number of the vehicle and the correction of the accuracy rate; the use of a unique six-space detector to reduce the number of equipment by half, which, according to the company, can reduce the cost of building a combined single space by more than 25 per cent; and visualization.
State management, improved vehicle safety and rational use of space resources, cost savings for small area management. For urban parking areas, real-time parking information is provided through a variety of information dissemination methods, such as roadside letters and panels, using techniques such as off-site traffic management and third-level parking induction, leading drivers to find empty parking spaces and reasonably configured
Space resources effectively address the city’s “busting difficulties” and reduce the time it takes to find parking spaces, while easing traffic congestion. In particular, this year’s new green parking space in Hangzhou, i.e., within the prescribed time frame (usually 20 minutes), can be parked in violation of the time limit, effectively resolving the transportation of children, temporary use of the bathroom, convenience.
The quick scene of the shop, which relies on the technology of the ai+video network. Chart 20 Smart Parking System 3.1.3 Smart Sites: Dust-proofing, real-time monitoring of timely response
Designing a safe and low-pollution site by visualizing the noise control of the dust. The whole operation of the Dahua Smart site is broken down into visual surveillance, dust monitoring, special equipment regulation, access management, perimeter management, engineering vehicles, six modules that are easy to handle and effectively reduce the dust and noise.
Multi-end data integration, real-time monitoring of timely response. Smart site products can also be combined with alarm monitoring subsystems.
Integration of communication subsystems, early warning subsystems, and finally displaying on the top wall of the screen screen control subsystem, managers need only use electronic maps to function to enable rapid response to alarms and real-time monitoring.
Support level and operational application level to facilitate management and increase speed and accuracy of command and control. 3.2 From ai+pan security to ani+industry empowerment, vertically broadens the operational boundary 3.2.1 Energy sector: al+ video network, and there is much to be done to improve safety, control and management
China is the largest energy producer and consumer, and smartness can do much for the energy industry. In 2019, total domestic electricity generation amounted to 75,328 million kilowatt-hours, the world’s largest, accounting for one quarter of global electricity production; natural gas production amounted to 176,174 million cubic metres. Coal production in 2018 was 369.736 million tons.
First. From safety control, to equipment management, to personnel management, to the production of the full range of capabilities for industry. The company relies on the overall structure of the Hoc City heart 1+2+n, which is fully aware, intelligent, fully numeric, ecologically supportive, effectively upgraded safety regulations and production operations at all stages of the company ' s power, petrochemical, coal, steel, etc.
The company uses artificial intelligence technology to reduce the intensity of the grid, improve its informationization, and help countries.
The location of the “Five” and the transformation of the “Four” strategic objectives of the domestic grid “Tour Two” and the southern grid.1 Power generation links, based on the original industrial television system and integrated security surveillance, are among the leading video applications associated with production processes and security depths, using smart analysis techniques, video-centric object networking technologies, etc.
To protect and protect the safe production of electricity; at the same time, by means of cloud storage, cloud computing, integration of communications technology, to upgrade industry intelligence and to upgrade management of the entire intelligent power plant automation, including electronic maps, smart inspections, thermal imaging for early warning, intelligence analysis, intelligent transport, intelligent fire protection, etc.
2) The transmission link, with the introduction of the transmission line image/video online monitoring system, enables all-weather online monitoring and management through automated, accurate and real-time remote monitoring.
The power distribution chain, the Dahua Electric Inspection Robots can be used to achieve tabular reading, state recognition, defect management, locks and switch status determination, to assist the transporter in conducting routine inspections, special patrols, major event maintenance, etc., and to significantly improve the efficiency of transmission, distribution and inspection, and to guarantee the quality of power supply.
4. The charge-post chain, which completes the recharge of electric vehicles through a combination of video and local lock control, allows for the monitoring of the work environment and state of the pillar itself by means of sensor equipment, providing visual, intelligent and efficient means for the efficient use and maintenance of the charge station.
The stratification management of the provincial model allows for more continuity in the management of the construction of recharge stations. (5) Other links, such as the electricity industry scenes as pumping energy, storage bases, gas stations and power shops, are also actively deployed by the Department of Public Administration to provide management and governance of the power system.
Solutions for the petrochemical industry, the introduction of smart oil fields, smart pipelines, digital petrochemicals, smart gas stations, etc. Improvement of safe production controls and reduction of the incidence of accidents. 1) Mining link, unmanned monitoring systems of oil and gas fields for oil extraction wells, vehicles, personnel, etc. in mining areas
Real-time monitoring, analysis and processing of on-site data, remote surveillance and alarm connections, effective reduction of staff labour intensity, more efficient management, manual inspection of production management, online monitoring of experience management to actual production processes, dynamic command.
2. The refining process, which is aimed at the large scale of production in the park, the number of production equipment, the difficulty of day-to-day inspection management, the presence of a large number of explosive, corrosive products in the park, the creation of an intelligent and safe industrial sector solution for vehicle identification, fire warning, robotic inspection, integrated control and command of the entire park, and large screens
The wall allows production data to be mapped in real time and provides a strong guarantee for safe production, security supervision, transmission links, 5.8g wireless transmission, integration of a pipe intelligence integrated management system, openings, substations, clearing stations, pressure stations, valves, terminals, and other important sites, such as the pipeline itself and along the route.
On-site data, image collection, full real-time supervision of oil/gas pipelines, early warning of illegal excavations, large-scale engineering vehicle occupation of pipelines, timely identification of potential risks or location of damage, and full visualization of the day-to-day operation management of the oil/gas pipelines and the repair of patrol routes.
In the coal and steel industries, the introduction of the underground world, and the expansion of video and smart applications. Companies are constantly serving industrial production, mining and metallurgical landscapes, building operating and safety centres in the energy sector. 1) Mining landscapes, where companies create wireless communications solutions for mines, make it possible to get in and out of the ground.
Quality communication services in volte; integrated safety monitoring systems for coal mines integrate day-to-day production management, safety prevention, accident preparedness and emergency rescue command in the event of an accident, which enhances risk source surveillance early warning and accident detection, management capabilities, while providing timely and accurate rescue information for accident response and enhancing accident response capabilities.
2) Metallurgical scenes, with regard to the characteristics of the process-based industry, the information systems established by the company, which monitor the operation of various production equipment in real time, provide a real-time basis for the development of production plans, while tracking all prepared operations and production processes online and ensuring that operational plans are subject to real-time dynamic adjustment.
3.2.2 Automotive industry: ai+videos association, enabling car manufacturers and sales outlets The domestic car manufacturing industry will have a market size of $9.88 trillion a year. Industry is highly competitive, and traditional car companies use numerical numeric numerals for fine-tuning management, using the ai+videos consortium as an effective tool.
Full-scale support, using artificial intelligence technology, has introduced solutions for the four main scenes of the test yard, the production line, the electronics of the vehicle, and the 4s store. Currently, applications have been put in place to ensure the production process, test site, surveillance of non-compliance with the test vehicle behaviour, and block management of the vehicle through the ai, vehicle structure.
In addition, the programme supports the use of parking lots, batch management models, selection of vehicle models, etc., and effectively upgrades the tubes of auto-producing enterprises in test and storage areas by notifying managers on-site handling and reducing the probability of risks occurring in the field.
Figure 26 Trial garage management 2) Production line scenes: full-time workshop production is regulated to ensure that problems are reciprocated and resolved.
To provide real-time alerts and problem video records of irregularities, to provide valuable information on the re-emergence, screening, maintenance, etc. of enterprises, to ensure safety of production and to optimize production patterns. 4s store scenes: support for decision-making by car companies, to enhance the acquisition experience. Use smart face-to-face techniques, passenger flow analysis devices, etc.
e. Provision of first-line business data for manufacturers and support to vehicle manufacturers in strategic decision-making based on actual feedback from the market. Setting up of maintenance/maintenance areas for live broadcasting, customizing high-end customers. Transparency maintenance operations, upgrading of front-end management capacity and customer acquisition experience, customization of vehicle purchase services, car insurance
4) Automobile electronics scene: pre- and post-loading support for vehicles. A back-loading application is built around "vehicle intelligence", pre-loading of vehicles is done by video collection modules, radar modules, automatic parking apa for "skids", back-loading of vehicles is done by support, on-board mainframe and ancillary systems, active security systems, 360 panoramic environment systems.
With support, a full-scale, 3-dimensional pre- and post-car network hardware, application support, and a more feasible and refined technology for car intelligence development are provided.
3.2.3 New retail industry: al+ Video Consortium, which captures customer demand, provides management efficiency Retailers are digitizing and ai investing. According to the Irene Advisory Report, the main retail digital construction investment in modern domestic channels in 2018 was $28.5 billion, of which one was investing about $900 million, or 3.15 per cent.
The share of investment in the digital construction of retailers has continued to rise, with about 46.290 billion yuan in domestic digitized construction in 2020, of which 6.39 billion yuan was invested by ai, which is expected to reach 17.880 billion yuan in 2022, representing about 25.5 per cent of the total new retail digitized construction.
Figure 282018-2022 Digitalized construction and ai input from China’s major retailers in modern channels, with the ai+ video at its core, enhances management efficiency and precision marketing. The company’s program provides a one-stop program for retail customers using a combination of smart perception equipment plus cloud services plus mobile clients.
The functions of passenger flow statistics, face recognition, video clouds, etc., help entity retailing to reduce commodity losses, improve management efficiency, achieve precision marketing, and ultimately help entity retailing to achieve mitigation efficiency. Smart video perception, enabling shop operations and management.
Remote video tour, help managers to go out of the house, access information on the door, for example, whether door opening hours, fit-out and stocking are up and running, and timely feedback on client reception by staff, creating a business closure and sustainability improvements; 2) Smart protection helps to address losses in open consumption scenes, for example, for "precises."
"Stealing", "false" etc., fast capture of dynamic face information, accurate identification, timely alerting of unusual information, synchronizing of critical person information to various shops, and allowing doorkeepers to take timely measures to minimize losses.
Combining scene data to facilitate the digital transformation of retailers. 1) Consumer dimension: accurate daily flow of customers through face-to-face identification of the consumer, real-time analysis of potential customers and multiple customers entering the shop, a combination of shop consumption records, and drawings of consumer groups.
Precision marketing for every consumer, helping to increase the rate of porter flow conversion and the price of a passenger unit. On the inside, consumers’ preferences for staying and shopping everywhere can help retail businesses to find their value.
Consumers waiting to close their accounts are waiting long enough to increase their consumer shopping experience by adding appropriate cashier channels. (2) Business dimensions: digital files are created for each commodity, and shopkeepers are reminded in real time to catch up with the goods during peak periods. Behavior analysis captures each commodity’s consumer interest; more precision can be achieved when docking with the poss system.
Accurate analysis of every consumer's shopping preferences. Together with accurate passenger insights, a new version of 3.2.4 Agriculture for each marketing event: al+ Videos plays an important role in farming and food storage management. Smart agricultural markets have greater potential, and ai+ applications will be mainstreamed into agricultural development. As of 2018, Chinese wisdom.
The potential market size of the agricultural sector is projected to be 26,761 million yuan in 2020 and 14.3 per cent in 2015-2020, with an integrated security system based on ai+ video surveillance to help manage the grain warehouse and safeguard food security.
The programme provided by the Division allows for round-the-clock video surveillance of targets in the region and the storage, collection and visualization of live images.
For example, monitoring, alerting, warning of information such as temperature and humidity, preventing heat, molding, pest, etc., guaranteeing food, targeting animal pastures, using ai technology to assist farmers in standardizing the production and scale of farm farming.
Management of real-time monitoring, efficient scheduling, reduction of manual inventory time, and elimination of underreporting; precision control of in-field focus scenarios; collection of pig body contours to measure weight, accurate control of pig appearances, remote monitoring of pig growth and development, effective reduction of personnel and management costs.
The full range of information, the distribution of the pig farm, the number of pigs, the resources of the pig farm, the fertility logs, disease detection, market information, etc., can be shown, with support managers monitoring the farm on a full scale, site data monitoring, significant improvement in the quality of operations, and risk management of bad accounts.
We believe that there is a lack of awareness in the market of high-quality development and fine-management strategies. Since the change of management in 2017, China’s shareholdings have begun to change internally, focusing on fine management of internal operations for the last two years, continuing to promote R & D, supply chains, and marketing systems.
The company has introduced processes such as ipd/ifs/ltc/isc/mtl/itr. Research and development is built on ipd process reforms, breaking the sector walls of research and development, and further improving the efficiency and effectiveness of research and development.
Co-conciliation of services and operations leading to the creation of a process-wide closed financial system, from recording operations to performance evaluation, which will eventually be transformed into a comprehensive budget forecasting system that will further enhance efficiency gains. Marketing ends will introduce an ltc process, maintain a strong client interface, focus on the management of strategic opportunity points, and enhance systematization
The supply chain ends with the creation of an isc system that continuously enhances the ability of the supply chain to fine-tune its operations and deepens the global supply response centre layout. By increasing forecasting accuracy, accelerating group turnover, controlling super-long-term stocks, and thus enhancing integration planning capacity; and by building flexible factories, overseas supply Chinese hearts and shortening the average distribution cycle.
Supply capacity, and end-to-end inventory management and transformation capacity. Early in 2020, the new crown epidemic began with the launch of the super-high-precision human thermal imaging system in just over 10 days, and the product was also pulled through a multi-sectoral, collaborative and quick response, such as R & D and the supply chain.
We believe that the success of ultra-precision thermal imaging systems is not an accident, but is underpinned by the company’s continuous drive for internal change over the past two years and the upgrading of inter-sectoral synergies. Such changes are expected to continue to strengthen in the next 3-5 years, leading to high-quality, robust corporate development.
The Māori rate continues to rise, and internal reforms are beginning to bear fruit. The Māori rate shows that the firm's internal fineness has reached 8.62 ptt. We believe that, on the one hand, the optimal structure of the company's products, the ratio of intelligent products to higher gross aggregate interest rates is making a positive contribution. On the other hand, we have also benefited significantly from changes in internal processes and management systems, in particular.
The collapse of the corporate finance system to a variety of lines of business has led to a stronger corporate ownership of each project, a more comprehensive screening and evaluation, and a better system of product research and development, delivery, supply chain, and marketing. On the other hand, in contrast to Haikang’s Māori ratio, China’s shares have evolved through high-quality development over the last two years.
And internal changes have gradually narrowed the Māori gap with Haikang, which is currently only 2.72 pct, a trend that we believe is expected to continue further. With the advancement of a high-quality development strategy, the future Māori ratio of the GW shares - the % Māori ratio of the GW shares - is expected to continue.
In terms of net operating cash flows, the net operating cash flows are generally smaller than the net return of the year as a whole. In 2018, the net operating cash flows were only small.
This has led to a significant increase in the cash flow of companies, compared to the first three quarters of each year, the net cash flow of companies in the first three quarters of 2018 was $1667 million, and the net cash flow of companies in the first three quarters of 2019.
Net inflows of billions of dollars, the first inflow of operating cash in the first three quarters. We believe that this figure is important and reflects a significant improvement in the quality of the company’s operations.
We believe that 2020 is accompanied by good cash flow performance in the first three quarters, with a build-up of q4 as an important quarter of corporate repayments, and that the year-round net cash flows are expected to capture, for the first time in history, even beyond the net return profit, thereby truly achieving the strategic goal of high-quality corporate development.
The balance of bad accounts receivable is generally manageable and is expected to turn in 2022. The market was worried about the company’s large accounts receivable and possible future bad accounts. Through our detailed calculations, we believe that the impact of bad accounts receivable from companies on net profits per year is generally manageable and is expected to rise after 2022.
Detailed assumptions and calculations have been made for the next four years of accounts receivable, the main assumption being that the annual retention rate of accounts receivable up to the following year, such as accounts receivable up to 1 year in 2019, will be converted to accounts receivable up to 2020, but most of this is expected to be recovered, so the retention ratio reflects mainly the unrecovered portion.
In other words, most of the receivables will be recovered during the year and will no longer be converted into long-term receivables. Projects, and some of these projects, which are difficult to repay, are a historical burden on the company’s development.
Based on the results, we expect the year 2020 and 2021 to be the peak of the company ' s bad debts, accounting for only $217 million a year, a significant decline from previous years. Overall, the quality of the company ' s receivables will gradually improve as the company ' s high-quality development strategy progresses, and the bad accounts raise is generally manageable.
1) Domestic operating income: The 2g market, which in 2020 was subject to the epidemic affecting government spending, overall revenue or expansion, while the increase in the sales of thermostats in 2020 was positive for the company ' s 2b business. The 2b market will be a central driver of corporate growth, with a sustained increase of around 20% expected.
Long. The smb&2c market, where micro-enterprises were more affected by the epidemic in 2020, we estimate the income from overseas operations: overseas markets benefited from the growth of products such as temperature measurement in 2020, and most of the business was dominated by the distribution of standard and quasi-products, as the impact of the epidemic was relatively small and it was hoped that revenue would rise beyond the domestic level.
Quick, we estimate that revenue growth will exceed 8%. Overseas is still the focus of positive corporate growth in the future, or will continue to outpace domestic income growth. 3) Māori ratio: with the continuation of business change within the company and an increase in the ratio of smartness, there is Māori ratio
4) Gains and losses on exchange: In 2020, corporate dollar-denominated receivables and future exchange rate fluctuations were difficult to prejudge, as they were affected by the appreciation of the renminbi; exchange gains and losses in 2021 and beyond were not estimated for the time being.
At this point, the company has an investment value: one-eighth of Haikang's market value, and one-ten of a unicorn with a ps with a large margin of value repair. One is that the layout of the large software platform has been significantly underestimated.
The difference between the global market share of the two has been around 10%, but it has not increased. The company’s income is one-two percent of Haikang’s income, and the net profit is one-quarter of Haikang’s profit, but the market value is only one-eighth of Haikang’s market value.
In fact, China already has the capacity of ain's pantry, the software platform has horizontally decoupled and vertically shut down, and now has 500-plus viewers api, leading to a 200-per-cent increase in the efficiency of new operations and a 180-per-cent increase in the efficiency of the integration of third-party components.
In recent years, investment opportunities in the i industry have been greatly underestimated, absorbing more than 100 billion dollars in the primary market within the 33-month period up to 2020q3. The iunicorn industry has also been declared on the market, with an overall valuation of more than 20 times as high as the primary market, while large China accounts for its 2019 income.
It is only 2.7 times the difference between the unicorns and the unicorns. We believe that security is the main scene of the fall of the unicorns, reaching 54% in the ai enabling industry, which is expected to reach $71.18 billion in 2022, and a complex increase of 78% in five years.
In the past five years, China’s shares in figure 40 have spread both domestically and internationally, business activity has been limited, and demand for orders has fallen short of expectations.
2) The continuation of trade frictions between China and the United States, the stability of the supply chain and the continuity of the trade;
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.