China Stock Exchange Study 2021dahuatechnologyresearchreport 2021 zhejiangdahuatechnologyco., Ltd.
Reporting label: security, video surveillance, surveillance cameras, hard disk video cameras, monitors, cloud computing.
Main author of the report: Lupeshan, Introduction to the Baal Institute, which is the first Internet business advisory platform in mainland China on the B2b model of artificial intelligence technology, has formed a cluster of industry research, political and business advice, industrial planning, and fairs.
A one-stop industry service system that integrates multiple resources and is dedicated to providing the most professional, complete and time-consuming industry and enterprise database services for users, helping users to build knowledge together and share property rights. The company is committed to building on high-quality business resource sharing, using technology such as big data, block chains and artificial intelligence, around industrial focus, hotspots, and based on rich case and big data.
Four core services through open collaborative research platforms that bring together wisdom and promote healthy, orderly and sustainable industry: Cloud Research Institute Services
Campus planning, industrial planning, customized reporting services for enterprises, management, industry summit planning, awards, industry
Local industrial planning, incubator services, advice, strategic adjustment, etc. Reports banks and in-house research teams provide technical support services
Head leopard applets - micro-mail applet searches for "head leopards", cell phone sweeps up two-dimensional reading papers, leadleo, as the intellectualization of security products accelerates, the impact of software platforms and video algorithms in hardware products will gradually increase, and the ability of manufacturers to integrate hardware and software will be enhanced.
China’s shares are in the field of protection, with video at its core, enhancing the co-benefits of top-end clouds, integrating hardware and software production, and providing customers with multi-area smart solutions oriented to application scenes and data values. At present, the Chinese security market, with Heiconwei’s vision and China’s shares, forms a “super-high” market pattern, with strong market penetration, overall market concentration rising year by year, strong by year, and the “mega-high” pattern becoming more apparent.
While there is still a need to strengthen the layout of the CCP area, the CCP area is well-placed (Rollang brand), but its product penetration and variety are not yet well developed, so it is less competitive in the consumer sector than in the sea, with the overall branding and the second-highest market share.
There are more types of web-based hard-drive video recorder products from the Heiconway and Dahua shares, which cover large-scale video surveillance projects such as the City of Peace, the Financial Networking System, large- and medium-sized networks, video surveillance projects such as education, finance, commercial buildings, and small, mini-network-based video surveillance projects such as shops, homes, kindergartens, etc.
The installation of surveillance products can help to secure the ground from industrial solutions, through a combination of hardware and software products, and the ecological consolidation of front- and back-end security products. It is clear that the growth of the civil, home-based security market has increased, with improved technology for security products, increased awareness of public safety, education, medical care, small and medium-sized enterprises, shops, and families are gradually becoming the backbone of the need for security.
Since 2013, many security companies have shifted their strategic objectives to civilian security, opening up more space for the development of the domestic surveillance market.
Video surveillance systems have evolved from digital to intelligent, and xvr has acquired a natural advantage in the compatibility of local and cloud-side storage to allow flexibility in the application and integration of the ai technology, which has become the core development of the security surveillance system for nearly two years.
The stock company's overview, surveillance of the industry, cloud computing of the industry.
Analysis of China's share competitiveness, video surveillance of competition patterns in the industry, video surveillance of competition patterns in the industry.
The cloud calculations break down the pattern of competition in the industry, the pattern of competition in the switch industry, and the analysis of China's share products.
Surveillance camera product analysis, hard disk video machine product analysis, monitor product analysis.
New trends in the production of hard disk video recorders, the intelligence of cloud and peripheral devices.
Deep layout cloud + edge + end defense product Methodology