High-growth targets, swords for capital market reform dividends, 31/03/2022 \triangleright
Annual report, $5.497 billion was collected in 2021, an increase of 31.7 per cent over the same year; net profit on return to mothers was 1.46 billion yuan a year, compared with a growth of 10.7 per cent, net profit on non-recurring gains and losses amounted to 947 million yuan a year, compared with a growth of 29.0 per cent.
\triangleright operations, with hard retail int., big int. 21.1, 1.71 billion yuan, with 40 per cent increase per year; innovative Internet operations with $804 million, with 34 per cent increase per year; and data risk and base
Facilitiesit, banks, and industryit revenues are $354 million and $354 million, respectively. The high growth of large retail and major capital controls reflects the high market profile of securitiesit, and financial science and technology are becoming a central means of differential competition between securities and fund companies.
Increasing the pool of talent, with a variety of pressures, will make management more effective. In 2021, he could be defined as “a year of input”, with sales costs of $560 million, an increase of 58 per cent, and research and development costs of $2.14 billion, an increase of 43 per cent.
The total number of workers reached 13,000, an increase of 37% over the same period, of which the number of R & D personnel was 6065, representing a high increase in income and non-profits, and an increase in management enforcement. Capital-market reforms are expected to accelerate, and financial digital transformation is on the rise.
Catalysing momentum: on the one hand, financial reform and financial innovation are accelerating and, on the other hand, the Central Economic Workshop, which launched the 21-year North Bridge, proposed a comprehensive registration system that would create good opportunities for 22 years and up to the next 3 years; and, on the other hand, digitalization is becoming a financial institution in the context of increasing homogenization competition.
The next growth point in the construction of IT expenditure, the construction of innovative products such as data center, business center, and up-to-date digital enabling development and marketing systems are becoming important directions for corporate IT expenditure.
2. The acquisition of SUMMIT (600570) and the acquisition of the bottom-of-the-summit strategic product O45 Upline Huabao Fund, 22 years of Up-to-Tay self-employment, and the advancement of the next generation of core products;
The new generation of uf3.0 Integrated Securities Financial Services platform has been fully operational, distributed into the cloud-based architecture, with a three-quarterly review of the Quantified Electronics (600570) 2021:
In terms of credit creation, and in close collaboration with seven coupons such as Walter. 21 years of multi-pricule innovation, three quarters of high income performance, with a focus on long-term growth, product involvement in financial digitization, acquisition of Summit to absorb advanced technology from overseas, and continued to lead research and development.
Review: The growth in revenue during the quarter was excellent, with increased investment in research and development. Contract liabilities and cash flows were excellent, 20 years of good business, and were 71 times lower than their average value of pe (ttm) over the past three years.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the report is presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.