Performance meets expectations, continues to benefit from capital market reforms Performance forecasts meet expectations, and endogenous growth dynamics are strong. Permanent Electronics issued an announcement on the evening of January 26 that the Division’s revenue and profits aggregates match our earlier expectations.
Income growth is high enough to reflect corporate management capacity under pressure. The biggest bright spot in the performance forecast is the strong endogenous growth drive that \triangleright has shown, and the company expects to collect and withhold non-profit increases throughout the year.
Four quarters of the epidemic has been repeated, project delivery has become more difficult, and companies have successfully completed project delivery despite difficulties, which is sufficient evidence of their efficient management capacity. Financial reform has accelerated, and digitalization has created a new round of demand for it.
Strong: On the one hand, financial reform and financial innovation are accelerating, with the 21-year North “outgoing”, and on the other hand, the Central Economic Workshop has proposed the introduction of a comprehensive system of registration, with innovations in financial instruments such as equity, and, on the other hand, digitalization is becoming the next financial institution to spend on financial institutions, against the backdrop of increasing homogenous competition.
The growth point, the creation of innovative products like data center, business center, and the up-to-up digital enabling research, marketing system is becoming an important direction for institutional int spending. “Introduction” goes hand in hand with “outwards,” using innovation as a financial integrator.
Apart from enjoying the dividends of financial reform and financial innovation with a leading advantage, companies have for many years maintained a very high level of R & D investment, leading the entire securitiesit industry through innovation.
Product architecture and technological leadership are expected to become increasingly recognized in the market, with potential replacement and upgrading needs available; o45 is the product of corporate research and development strategies, while constants are also exploring the digital transformation of financial institutions.
For 21 years, companies have introduced a number of products, such as hdp data hubs, light finance clouds, etc.. 21 years of company reviews: "Introduction" strategy, another pound milestone, acquisition of Summit business, absorption of foreign leading money management IT technology (including high-risk mathematical models, etc.)
For the foreseeable future, the country’s financial sector continues to expand its openness to the outside world.
Integration with international financial markets will be a clear direction for reform. It is hoped that, with forward-looking innovation and a reasonable assessment: a quarter of growth gains, increased R&D investment, M&As will continue to be a technological leader, leading the digital transformation of the financialit sector.
\triangleright 4. Helium Electronics (600570/sh) 2020 Report: Contract liabilities and cash flows are beautiful, 20 years of good business
The company is expected to enjoy the valuation premium as the leader of the industry and is still in the position to value the current valuation as compared to its own average of 73 times the value of pe (ttm) over the past three years.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions of the study, is independent and objective, and is responsible for the content and views of the report. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in the report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.