In a wave, fpc is expected to enter a new growth cycle on November 29, 2024.
The product lines, which cover products such as fpc, sma, slp, hdi, miniled, rpcb, rigidflex, are wide downstream, mainly in the areas of telecommunications electronics, consumer electronics, smart cars, and artificial intelligence servers.
In 2023, the company was affected by a number of industry factors, with short-term pressure on performance, achieving aiphone trends, active stocking by large offshore customers, and a projected increase in crop activity throughout the year, with a high rate of profit growth expected.
The fpc is better than pcb in spatial dimensions and connectivity, so fpc is widely used in the miniaturized, light-quantified consumer electronics market. The product has some technical barriers, and mobile terminal R&D efficiency is needed for fpc.
The industry has gone through two stages of rapid growth, with the first step of the fpc growth largely stemming from an increase in the penetration of smart phones. Since 2010, when the iphone 4 boom opened an era of rapid growth in intelligence and mobile phones, and according to idc data, smartphones have been growing in the 2010-2016 market year.
The second stage of the fast growth of fpc is its increasing single-machine value in mobile phones, starting with the 2010 iphone 4 (pfc of 10), with cameras, fingerprint identification, etc.
The gradual growth of modules such as Facesid has increased fpc to 30 pieces of the iPhone 12 in 2020, with single machine values growing geometrically. Mobile phone innovations are now approaching bottlenecks and fpc single machine values are increasing at a slower rate.
Apple has long been a leader in smartphone technology innovation, from the original iphone 3g design of the fpc antenna to historical innovations such as fingerprint recognition, double cameras, oled screens, wireless chargers, etc.
This is done through fpc, which constantly increases the fpc's single-machine value. As the new ceo drives the globalization of the supply chain, the dots begin to grow in large clients. According to our 2016-2019 dot, the dots (002938), the performance caps are up, and the dots are up.
Towards a new cycle of growth, technological innovation and end sales from large overseas clients have been benefiting the company for almost 10 years, generating stable, good rate innovation guarantee orders with shareholder background giving it a productive advantage.
" Pond Holdings " (002938), which shows bright harvests, the core of which is the continued availability of high-value single orders (external factors), and the ability to secure technology in the design, sampling, testing and volume chain of production (inner) on a stable basis each year.
Fauscant, as a shareholder in the company, has a huge customer network and industry position that brings a significant order advantage to the dots. At the same time, fpc is a pre-optimal industry, with heavy assets, investment in back-to-players, continuous R & D guarantees a single product rate per year, and a stable good quality rate is one.
For large clients to guarantee the quality of supply chains and end-products, good rates are still important moats for industry chains.  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: ai technology has a significant boost to pcb operations, in particular.
With the boost of fpc volumes, the company is expected to continuously upgrade the market in a company's softboard supply chain, 1.pcb leading manufacturers, making short-term profit pressure 1.1. Become the world's largest producer of pcb for seven years in a row
Companies have high-quality and diverse pcb product lines for a small number of large-scale manufacturers with various types of pcb-based R & D, design, manufacturing and marketing services globally. The main product range covers fpc, sma, slp, hdi, miniled, etc. and is widely applied to telecommunications electronics, consumer electronics and computer-based products, and automobiles and ai.
Since 1999, the company has been moving on to Taiwan's China Rainbow Electronics, and initially set up the Shenzhen Faoyong factory, known as Sunflower-rich Precision Component (Henryen) Limited. The mother-in-law was formed in 2006 through a reorganization.
Suh-sung's technology holdings and began building Shenzhen Park. They were successfully marketed in Taiwan on December 26, 2011 and renamed "Technology Holdings". With the rapid expansion of production and technological innovation, Ping-Sing became China's largest producer of pcb (print circuit boards) in 2013, ranked second in the world, officially in deep on September 18, 2018.
The company’s manufacturing base, which is distributed among the mainland China, Hong Kong China, Taiwan China, Japan, South Korea, the United States and Viet Nam, has become one of the most influential manufacturers in the industry.
According to the semi-annual report of 2024 published by the Dot Holdings, the US Port Business has a limited shareholding of 66.17% of the company and is a controlling shareholder; its co-operator has a direct shareholding of 5.71% of the company ' s shares. Both companies are wholly-owned subsidiaries controlled indirectly by the Dot Holdings, with total indirect control of the stock holding.
The issuer, 71.83 per cent of the equity, is an indirect shareholder of the issuer, and therefore the ultimate controlling party is the firm. 1.3. Short-term exposure to overseas orders, short-term underperformance, steady growth of operations, short-term under-performance over 23 years. Corporate revenue and profits have been stable since 2019.
Step-by-step growth, influenced by industrial problems, fell to $32.1 billion in 23 years (year-on-year-to-11 per cent) and net profit on maternity fell to $3.3 billion (year-on-year-to-34 per cent). At the same time, companies have continued to optimize their product structure, consumer electronics and computer panels have grown rapidly in recent years, and cars, server panels and other panels have performed more visibly.
The company's performance in 2019 benefited from an increase in the demand for online office space, which led to an earlier shift of consumer electronics pc, mobile phones, the end of the replacement cycle and the slow entry of mobile phone-led fpc with fixed global mobile phone holdings.
During the down-cycle, the industry gradually reached the bottom in 2021, began with a gradual reduction in efficiency gains in 2022, resulting in a decline in crop productivity through the optimization of business models, resulting in insufficient crop yields, leading to an increase in business leverage, a decline in Māori and net interest rates to 21.3 per cent and 10.3 per cent, a stable demand in the industry, a low crop rate, a normal stock of mobile phones, and a gradual approach to the bottom of fpc.
The overall upward trend in sales management costs and the impact of financial costs on current interest income and currency exchange earnings. In 2023, companies faced performance pressures, reduced remuneration for company managers and reduced management costs. Financial costs were guaranteed R & D inputs by current interest income, and corporate R & D inputs and their share of revenue were on the rise overall.
Products, new processes, new equipment and new technologies are the main axes of R & D, with a “light, small, tall, fast, smart” orientation, working closely with first-class brand clients to capture trends and trends in technology development, early R & D layouts in applications such as 5g across 6g, ai, iot, clouds, big data, margin computing, sensor technology, etc., to ensure that companies are involved in the industry.
2.fpc has a flexible layout and smartphones drive high-speed growth in the industry 2.1. More adapted to consumer electronic replacement needs. fpc has a low-quality, thick and bendable character and is widely used in consumer electronics.fpc
All called flexibleprintedcircuit, which is a flexible print circuit board, also known as a soft board, is a high-tensionable printed circuit board with polyamide or polyester film as a base sheet material. Unlike the traditional pcb hardboard, fpc is not only small, but can also bend freely in three-dimensional spaces, significantly increasing consumer electronic products such as smartphones, pc, etc.
. Because fpc is superior to pcb in space dimensions and connectivity. As a result, fpc is widely used in the miniaturized, light-quantified consumer electronics market.
The three features, which are thinner, curable and more flexible than pcb hardboards, are better suited to the needs of the scenario for annual consumer electronic product renewal, which is mostly hand-held.
The fpc production is more difficult to design, has some technical barriers and needs to be upgraded by year. The fpc production is more difficult in terms of fpc and pcb cardboard technology.
Now vertically connected, the material is more affected by heat, mechanics, etc., and less well used, mainly for high-end electronic devices, such as mobile phones, pc, etc., which can be very demanding for circuitics. Meanwhile, the annual release of mobile phones makes it necessary for fpc to be updated at year-on-year units in conjunction with the mobile phone plant, guaranteeing a good rate of samples, tests, and production at each stage of production.
2.2. Two major stages of growth in the industry: the penetration rate of smart machines and the first stage of the growth of fpc by modules are mainly due to an increase in the penetration of smart phones.
In the era of high-speed growth of smartphones, according to idc, smartphones grew at the highest annual rate of 60% in the 2010-2016 market, rising rapidly from 300 million to 1,473 million. The growth of smartphones led rapidly to high growth in the fpc sector.
The development of smart phones has led to an increase in the internal configuration and technology of the mobile phone, and a significant increase in the demand for the fpc area, such as, for example, the increased functionality and configuration of the oled screen, facial recognition, multiple cameras, wireless chargers, etc., as well as technology, an increase in the number of components in the cell phone and an expansion of battery capacity and hands.
In this case, thicker, heavier and non-breakable hardboards are difficult to meet the upgrading needs for mobile phone design. As a result, mobile phone manufacturers’ demand for fpc, which is light, small, and high intensities of guidance lines, is increasing, greatly expanding the fpc growth space.
Apple's alpha: large screen designs such as the iphone 4s (2011) introduction of sili voice assistants and iphone6 (2014). These innovations attract a large number of consumers, allowing smartphones to gradually turn into “microcomputers.” In this process, the fpc industry is beginning to grow in value. Future ai end-uses are expected to drive the fpc single machine value.
Apple's fpc supplier is more resilient, has a higher share of the dove, has led the fpc industry, and has increased its single machine value. Apple has long been a leader in smartphone technology innovation, driving fpc's use in mobile phones, thanks to huge demand for orders and its demonstration effects in the industry.
Apple has been the firmest importer of fpc, starting with the original iphone 3g and 3gs design of the fpc antenna, and has since evolved from historical innovations such as fingerprint recognition, double camera, oled screen, wireless charger, lcp antenna film to 30 pieces of iphone12.
In the early stages of the development of the smart machine, the main supplier is the solar system. The main suppliers in the early years of the iPhone 4 were interflex, flag winners, a friend electrician, Taiwan state technology, etc. The smartphones did not start to grow significantly during that period, such as fingerprinting, wireless charging, and the lack of functional structures and flexible circuit boards.
In the case of interflex, the increase in income and net profits and the increase in sales of iPhones, the opportunities for apple innovation have increased and the new ceo has provided supply chain opportunities. With Cook’s globalized production layout in 2011, manufacturing, assembly, etc., began to be outsourced to Asian suppliers.
In 2016, if the value of the single machine in the cell phone continues to rise at the rate of the unit value of US$asp35 per year, it will be sold annually.
At about 220 million, the overall iphone market fpc increase is about 7.7 billion per year, with a total income increase of 23.1 billion in three years, and a three-year performance growth of 95 billion yuan in absolute terms. Based on the company ' s 80 per cent income as a large customer, the crude estimate of the per car iphone industry chain ratio has remained almost 33 per cent for the period (excluding a few years on the asp, for example).
The rest of the suppliers are Boe, lg, Dongshan, etc. 4. Pre-emptive and shareholder advantage is significant, stable good rate innovation guarantees high profitability 4.1. Stable good rate production and supply chain orders
Pcb manufacturers get the orders by selling their products (e.g., standard pcb, hdi, slp, fpc, etc.) to downstream customers. The key to obtaining the orders is two points. First, the supply capacity of the customized product design.
Second, long-term contracts are used to guarantee crop productivity. Pcb manufacturers can better obtain crop yields by entering into long-term supply contracts with large customers and establishing strategic partnerships with key customers.
The most critical external factor that sustains the high crop rate is the ability to obtain orders for large single items. Only demand-for-work-for-work.
The demand for large-scale production has been identified by the firm, which is able to produce at high crop rates. Figure 20: The crop rate is a logical chain of profit. The internal factor in the steady growth of fpc in the mobile phone chain is that it can be steadily designed, sampled, processed every year.
Apples have extremely strict time nodes and quality requirements, for example, in order to sample production cycles in the apple chain. Apples publish new products each year with fixed cycles, usually starting at the beginning of the year with the recognition of product design and sampling needs.
The design phase of the new product identifies the supplier with the equipment needed to achieve bulk production of the product, on which the supplier develops the design programme and submits the Apple ' s technical team, discussed, modified, optimized and eventually validated the programme.
(p1, p2, p3, with a cycle of about one month) and then into a small batch test, during which time suppliers will need to rapidly upgrade their production efficiency and productivity in order to increase their productivity.
The next quarter’s large-scale production meets almost zero-deficit standards. Overall, the entire cycle from sampling to volume production is usually tight and high, especially with regard to the efficiency of production design and good sampling, which directly determines whether apples can be prepared on time and with sufficient new supplies, and hence whether large orders can be obtained.
A firm’s ability to innovate quickly and steadily in response to client customization determines whether it can guarantee a higher crop rate and become a key competitiveness of fpc firms in the competition. In terms of the time cycle of product design, sampling, testing, small batch testing, and mass production, it means that normally there is only one quarter of the time per year to do it.
The quality of the sample, and only a quarter of the time required to secure the terminal before the release of the new product, is sufficient, so that the efficiency and efficiency of the production design of the new sample is guaranteed to be able to own the order 4.2. Pre-optimal attribute industry, where shareholder background gives rise to a production advantage.
fpc is a front-line industry, with heavy asset inputs to persuade back-to-players. To meet the Fpc performance needs in smartphones, its materials are gradually being replaced, the precision of the production process is increasing, and the production of fpc is free of advanced process barriers, but performance stability and productivity requirements under the new designs for each year require back-entry players.
Not very friendly, but industry attributes maintain a certain moat for the vanguards. Ping has a significant advantage in terms of technological stability and supply chain reliability. Although small enterprises may be able to produce fpc, the process of expansion is often long and complex, the stability of production and the continued commitment of the team to R & D is too high, and it is difficult to guarantee the period after childbirth on a scale.
Shareholders’ background gives them orders and production advantages. Fuscon, as a global leader in electronic manufacturing services (ems), has a huge customer network and industry position that brings to Ping Ding control.
For example, sharing customer resources: Fuscon has a long-standing relationship with many internationally recognized brands (e.g. apples, tiles, etc.). As a key member of the Fuscon system, the Penthouse Holdings can more easily access and serve these high-end clients and expand their business.
This synergy helps improve production efficiency, reduce operating costs, and thus enhances market competitiveness. Large customers do not easily replace suppliers to secure the supply chain.
In recent years, there have been relatively few major innovations in mobile phone design, but this trend has not affected the proportion of capital spending by mobile companies. Market demand for smart phones continues to be robust, and manufacturers’ investment strategies remain focused on maintaining technological leadership and product performance optimization.
Stability and productivity rates take precedence over product prices, and leading firms still have a strong moat. 5. Profit forecasting and valuation sum up the company’s overall income to two parts, partly as a result of the growth in mobile income from large customers, and partly as a result of the growth in mobile income from large customers.
This year’s growth in the company’s performance in this sector has largely been due to earlier and higher-than-expected lead times for large offshore customers. At the same time, competition patterns within the industry have been optimized, companies’ share within their clients has increased, resulting in mobile phones.
The consumer electronics industry is gradually completing its inventory, and as new products such as aipc and ai mobile phones, i.e., i.i., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e.e., i.e., i., i., i.e.e.e., i.e.e., i., i., i., i., i.e., i.e.e., i.e.e., i., i., i., i.e.e.e.e.e.e., i.e.e., i., i., i., i., i., i.e.e.e., i.e.e.e.e., i.e.e., i.e.e.e.e.
Rapid growth, the firm ' s technological strength in products such as fpc and high-grade hdi, and its R & D layout in the areas of ai servers and auto electronics, are currently small in size and are expected to accompany Thai production in the future, and for business and technology comparability, we have chosen East Mountain Fine and Pcb Consumption.
As a comparable company. The technology is a significant driver for pcb operations, particularly driving up the fpc volume, and the Division is expected to continuously increase its market share in a company's softboard supply chain, which is expected to contribute to the company's continued profits Downstream demand is less than expected: if a person applies to electronics, consumer electronics, servers, etc.
The expected growth in the area will affect the size of the company and its future performance. Client concentration risks are high: in 2023, the company’s first-largest customer, whose income from sales was higher than its operating income, would be bought if the owner wanted the client’s business profile or changed business structure, leading to a reduction in the purchase of company pcb products.
Industry competition increases risks: as a large number of pcb manufacturers increase their research and development efforts on new technologies and products and actively invest in new applications, firms will face the risk of increased competition.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.