The pcb leader, a multi-industry scheme, is the foundation of the innovation base of the ai terminal.
The product lines cover products such as fpc, sma, slp, hdi, miniled, rpcb, rigidflex, etc., and are used for telecommunications electronics, consumer electronics, and intelligence.
The company's 23-year revenue of $32,066 million is the net profit of the mother, the mother of the electronics, the higher end of the downstream demand. pcb is an important component of a variety of electronic whole-office products \triangleright
By contrast, it plays a key role in the industrial chain, involving the areas of servers, consumer electronics, telecommunications, computers, and automobile electronics downstream. According to Prismark, the global pcb market size reached 5.4 per cent in 2023 and 2028, and the global pcb market will reach $90.4 billion in 2028;
The continued expansion of the demand for ai model numeracy and the increasing rate of car digitization have brought new growth points for pcb, with the global server and data centre and car electronic market sizes in 2022 and 2027 being 6.5 per cent and 4.8 per cent, respectively, according to Primark data, the company was ranked for many years as the world ' s largest producer of pcb.
The fpc is characterized by high line density, light weight, thin thickness, high bendability, wide market space, and the company has accumulated a strong technological power on high-level products such as fpc, with a strong forward growth dynamic. The product layout is diverse, with three types of applications developed.
Consumer electronics, servers, car electronics, etc., downstream. 1) Consumer electronics: new features such as folding screens, multiple cameras, virtual side buttons, wireless charge, etc. drive mobile phone fpc demand andasp upgrades. fpc will be raised in the future.
Value increases. The company, in keeping with future technological trends, has now developed the volume capacity of slp, which is required for a higher scale. 2) Server area: benefits from arithmetic growth, increases in the use of ai server pcb, and high grade material, difficulties in processing, significant increases in unit prices, and increases in demand for aai server, driving it.
Sector pcb is growing rapidly. The company is running a pre-research and development layout for the ai server pcb, constantly opening up customers and actively developing overseas production capacity. 3) Automobile area: higher levels of auto electronization, directly leading to the overall development of the electronic car market, light-quantified and intelligent upgrading drives the need for vehicle pcb. Companies are accelerating the cut.
Entering the electronic car market, achieving high technical capability in the area of pcb in products such as car-mounted radar boards, having industrialization capacity and increasing in-depth research and development of products in areas such as motor vehicle sensors Investment proposals: company depth is tied to large customers, and with the acceleration of the terminal revolution at the end of the region, I
They see it as an industry leader that quickly captures development opportunities in a new cycle of innovation, in addition to the risks of ai servers and \triangleright: industry competition increases the risks.
1 pcb, multi-sector layout, 1.1 focuses on 20 pcb products, casting the industry as a leader, deep-farming for a number of years, and the industry is strong.
The product line at pcb covers a variety of products such as fpc, sma, slp, hdi, miniled, rpcb, rigidflex, etc. and is used in the areas of telecommunications electronics, consumer electronics, high-performance computers, electric cars, and artificial intelligence servers. The company development process can be divided into three stages:
Phase I (1999-2010): The company ' s predecessor was established in 1999 and is mainly involved in the design, development, manufacture and marketing of \triangleright type printed circuit boards; pcb products can be divided into communication boards,
Phase II (2011-2017): In December 2011, the parent company announced its scientific and technological holdings in Taiwan.
\triangleright Bay is listed on the market. In 2016, equity was consolidated, bringing along , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,  , , , ,  , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,  , , , , ,
The precise name of the anemone was changed to Shenzhen Holdings Ltd. Phase 3 (2018 to date): Ping Dynasty Holdings were officially placed on the stock exchange in 2018. 2018 - \triangleright
In 2023, the company continued to expand its production base at home and abroad, increasing its productive capacity, and consolidating its position in the industry. The main production base of the former Ping Dynasty is located in Shenzhen, Huai An, the island of Qin, and India.
Depending on the area of downstream applications, the company’s pcb product can be divided into communication boards, consumer electronic panels, automobiles/servers and other panels, and the product is widely used.
Mobile phones, network equipment, tablet computers, wearable equipment, laptops, servers/stores, motor power subs, etc. In-depth partnerships are now being established with some of the leading electronic branding clients in the country and abroad, providing a full range of e-connection products and related services.
Table 1: The main products and uses of the dotted stock, the main products and the main applications
Communications boards consist mainly of various types of printed circuit boards applied to communications products such as mobile phones, routers and switches, including multiple products such as main panels, panels, microphone panels, antenna models, panels, camera panels, lcm panels and fingerprint recognition panels.
Consumer electronics and high-performance computer panels are used mainly for tablet computers, laptops, brain, wearable devices, games and smart home devices that are equivalent to modern consumer living, entertainment-related downstream consumer electronics and computer-type products.
Automobile/server panels and other panels are used mainly in the traditional and electric automobiles, clothing panels and other panels, high-speed computing computers, etc.
Figure 3: Raw materials upstream of company consumer electronics and computer panels pcb are predominantly copper beams, bronze balls, copper base plates, semi-stabilized tablets, ink, dry membranes and gold salt; among these, copper beams have a greater cost impact on pcb and have a high concentration in the copper beams industry.
Large scale, relatively concentrated and stable supply patterns. The pcb downstream applications are extensive and have become more diverse in recent years, with products covering various fields such as telecommunications, consumer electronics, computers, automobile electronics, industrial controls, medical devices, defence and aerospace; among them, the demand for telecommunications electronics, consumer electronics and computers accounts for pcb as a whole.
The market size of the application is nearly 70%. The high-system integration, high-performance requirements of downstream products for pcb products are relatively high, driving product upgrading and industry development to meet end-market demand.
The product layout is diverse and the downstream market is extensive. Through a variety of pcb product lines, the dove shares have the ability to provide the full range of pcb electronic interconnections and services according to the needs of their clients and are widely applied to telecommunications, consumer electronics and computer-type products, as well as automobiles and ai servers, high-speed computers.
One-stop service platform for a full range of pcb products. 1.2 Equity structures are stable, sustainability strategies are laid out 66.12%, and IPO shares are 5.71%. Indirect shareholders are consummated shareholders (Taiwan, China).
The share share ratio is 71.83%; the top shareholder is Foxconn (far East), a fully-owned subsidiary of the Honghai Group. Deloitte Investments and Happiness holds 0.81% and 0.65% of the shareholding platform for employees, respectively. Business income and net return earnings have improved steadily, and profitability has improved steadily.
In recent years, companies have been active in adjusting the layout of the product structure. In 2018-2022, the share of revenue generated by the use of telecommunications as a basis for business activity declined. In 2022, 2pcb: the mother of electronics, with high downstream demand.
2.1 The industry has a good climate, with product rotational upgrading pcb as the basic component for the realization of associated connections and relay transmissions between electronic components, and as a key electronic interconnectivity for electronic products, the quality of their manufacture has a direct impact on the stability, useful life and overall competitiveness of electronics.
The pcb product is classified in a variety of ways, divided into rigid, scratchy, scratchy, patchy, three types of material, single panels, double panels, multi-story panels, etc., by the number of surfaces, by product structure. The hdi typically consists of first, second, multi-story (third and fourth), Anylayer (arbitrary or capricious).
The slp is the next generation of pcb hardboards, the traditional minimum line width/spacing of hdi is 40 μm, while the minimum line width/spacing of slp is only 30 μm. The rigid board and fpc are similar in structure and have different features and applications.
Collapse and bending performance, adapted to the needs of different shapes and curved radiuss; light design, more suitable for embedding portable products; high-composition line density, where fpc can be applied in the fields of density circuits and curve displays.
The downstream industry is growing, and the pcb market is expected to pick up at the bottom. Pcb is an important group of electronic whole-office products. Global pcb markets grew by 6.4 per cent and 24.1 per cent, respectively, as a result of weak demand in the pcb market due to macroeconomic acceleration, inflation and other factors.
The pcb downstream industry, such as servers, is expected to continue its breakthrough, the pcb market is expected to return to a steady increase in size from 2024, the downstream application market is diversified, and servers and data centres, car electronics are the driving force for growth. The core applications downstream of pcb include communications, computers, consumer electronics, automobile electronics, servers and data storage.
Among them, the continuous expansion of ai model computing needs, the simultaneous increase in the demand for arithmetic core carriers and transmissions, such as tractor servers and data storage; the increasing electronicization of cars and the extension of their electronic applications to autopilot systems, battery management systems, etc., have brought new growth points for pcb. According to Prismark data, 2022
By 2027, the world’s servers and data centres and car electronics markets were 6.5% and the pbc industry was widely distributed, with China becoming a manufacturing center. Developed countries in Europe and Europe started early, but over the last two decades, with the advantages of labour, resources, industry, etc., pcb’s global output gradually subsided.
According to Prismark, China’s mainland pcb output in 2023 amounted to $37.8 billion, or 54.4%, and China’s continent is expected to play an increasingly important role in the global pcb market in the future. Industry is gradually becoming more precise, dense, and reliable.
70.8% of total pcb output, and in order to adapt to downstream industry developments, Prismak expects that these three products will continue to grow from 2023 to 2028, with high competition and low concentration in the market for multi-layered, Hdi, soft-plate three types of products.
In spite of the current trend toward a concentration of dominant firms, it is expected to remain relatively fragmented over the longer term. China is the global pcb core production base, gradually forming a pcb cluster.
China ' s annual pcb output accounts for 54% of global pcb market output. China ' s combined pcb output growth rate was about 4.1% in 2023-2028, and China ' s pcb output is expected to reach approximately $4.618 billion in 2028. The fpc market is promising, and the growth engine is strong.
The rapid upgrading of communication technologies, the emergence of markets such as electronics, smart equipment, consumer-grade drones, etc., provides sufficient impetus for the development of the fpc industry. The domestic pcb upstream and downstream chains are constantly improving and have cost advantages, the global fpc industry
In 2028, global fpc production is expected to increase to $15.1 billion, according to the Prismark data; in 2030, the domestic market is expected to reach 3539.04 billion fpc downstream applications. fpc can be identified not only by displaying modules, contact control modules, fingerprints.
Modules, cameras, etc. go downstream and can also be used directly for smartphones, tablets, pc, consumer electronics, etc. In the future, car intelligence and the rapid rise of new consumer electronic markets will bring new growth space to fpc. Smart phones are the main battleground for fpc applications, where fpc is used mainly on double panels, because
Thus, in 2019, the global market had a double-pane share of about 48 per cent of the fpc product; a market share of 19 per cent of the demand for panels, batteries and camera modules combined with a very good fpc. Figure 20: World product output structure by fpc in 2021
The fpc industry showed a high market concentration. The top three global fpcs, which in 2019 accounted for more than 60% of the fpc market, were flag, dove and alumni electricians, respectively. Domestic fpc firms started late, but the development of sophisticated, trust electronics, etc., was rapid, and the gap between technological power and the overseas economy was gradually reduced.
2.2 Consumer electronics area: end small, multifunctional, boosted pcb upgrades 2.2.1 fpc: Apple leads the fpc era, Andre's mobile fpc market opened the fpc market for the first time with iphone4, and the consumer e-softboard age began. Apples are a powerful leader.
The sheep's demonstration effect allows the Andre camp to follow up simultaneously and continue to import fpc. With new innovations such as folding screens, multiple cameras, virtual side buttons, wireless chargers and so on, it is expected to boost the demand for fpc. Product upgrades drive the price of fpc volumes up. Apple phone iPhones carry over as the product is upgraded.
With increasing functionality, cellular interior space is being squeezed and demand for light fpcs with high line density is increasing. Some 15 to 17 fpcs are used in ipone7 and after iponex, the individual fpc is already over 20. In addition, with mobile phone functional upgrades, product processes and parameter requirements are being matched.
2.2.2hdi: The process level upgrades to slp, which caters to high density, high performance trends The apple phone homeboard continues to be upgraded and gradually imported into the upper hdi, slp. The apple phone homeboard pcb has undergone four stages of development from hdi upgrade to the apple homeboard, 1) general multistretched to 1 - 3 steps hdi (8 - 12 floors);
2) iPhone4s first import anylayerhdi (10 floors, 5 laser holes); 3) iPhone x first import slp; 4) since 2020, all cargo types will be mounted on the slp mainboard. iphonex import slp achieves a 70% volume reduction in all chip retention, based on iphonex
Upward, one hdi was split into three pieces of a 2+1 structure, using a two-storey slp-hdi mix design, which increased the panel area by 35%. The smart machine entered the ai era, and the master plan is expected to be upgraded.
The upgrade will also have an impact on the main panel technical route, and the increase in the number of chips i/o has resulted in a reduction in the pcb diameter, an increase in the number of lines to be followed, a reduction in the width of the line to pcb, and the need to occupy space for functional upgrades, all of which need to be done by a higher-level mainboard. The current size of the terminal requirements is shrinking, so the width and spacing of the pcb guidance is reduced.
In the 5g era of transition to the ai era, the trend of high density + high performance remains. As the end product moves towards miniaturization and functional diversification, the demand for pcb board density increases, and the number of components on pcb is increasing.
But the required sizes are shrinking and increasing density, so it can carry more slps of the function module that have significant advantages and gradually replace hdi. The traditional hdis used before the Appleiphonex era are limited by the process that is difficult to meet, the stacking layers are larger, the lines are smaller, and the function modules can be carried more.
In the recent period, when the appleai has been catalyzing, and with an increase in its cellular penetration, the slp program is expected to usher in a new wave of innovation. Since March, apples have released mm1 and ferretui and open source.
Models like Ophem, which first showed their ai layout in June, the iPhone 16 series and the latest ios18 system in September, emphasizing its appleinelligence upgrade to a more complete layout at the hardware+os+ application. The end-to-processor performance requirements are increasing with the ai ' s step-by-step logic.
There is an increased demand for high-slp-specific pcbboards. The technical process is complex, and the slp leads the value up. From the preparation process, hdi uses a subtraction method, slp uses an improved semi-graduation (msap), which is based on an integrated circuit (ic) base plate.
The one-slip slp of the msap process corresponds to the volume of single machine value compared to the traditional hdi, according to Canalys, the total global output of smartphones in 2023 was 1.140 billion, compared to the same ratio, according to a study by Canalys.
A 4% decline, but in the fourth quarter of 2023, the volume of shipments increased by 8%, to 315.5 million, showing signs of stabilization and recovery. According to the Trendforce data, global sales of screen-screaked mobile phones in 2023 were around 15.9 million, representing only 1.4% of all smartphone sales, but markets in China and elsewhere were strongly driven.
The development of folding screens, coupled with growing consumer willingness to buy folding screens, is expected to sustain the volume of folding screen cellular output. According to the Prismark data, the market size of the msaphdi board (slp) was $2.13 billion in 2021, representing 18 per cent of the global hdi market, and is expected to reach $3.45 billion in 2026, representing the global hdi market.
Growing market penetration of high-level products such as slp is rising. 2.3 Server area: increased demand for arithmetic from beneficiary arithmetic, increased pcb volume prices, increased cloud-side data processing capabilities as chip performance increased, and higher transmission speeds were raised
The pcb application covers core components such as cpu main board, ubb, oam, etc., compared to the traditional server, where the current pcie 5.0 penetration rate is gradually increasing, pcb layers, materials and prices.
The processor is an example of two types of pcb to be added: oam with gpu (ocpaccelerator module, accelerated card module) and ubb (universalbaseboard, common base plate) with gpudocard interconnectivity.
One oam, eight oams on top of one ubb, forming an eight-card interconnectivity. In terms of value, the use of the one server pcb has increased, and the volume of materials is high and the processing is difficult, and the number of global one servers (including gpu, fpga, asic, etc.) has increased by nearly 1.2 million annually.
38.4 per cent, or nearly 9 per cent of overall server delivery, is expected to be 15 per cent by 2026, and 2022-2026, with global ai servers (including accelerated chips such as gpu, fpga, asic etc.) growing at 29 per cent annually. Based on the data from the micronets, ai server pcb is expected to be in total pcb
The share of the market will also rise from 0.5% in 2023 to 4.7% in 2025. 2.4 In the area of automobiles: smartness, growth of motor energy with pcb, higher levels of car digitization, directly leading to the overall growth of the electronic car market.
To be used in power control, security control systems, body electronics, and entertainment communications. Driven by four major trends: Internet, entertainment, energy efficiency, and safety, the safety class electronics (eba, speed, skating systems asr, esp, smart parking, etc.) and information and entertainment products (e.g. car sound)
Sounding, vehicle-borne video, back-to-back visuals, vehicle-to-back navigation) has entered a rapid development phase that drives the use of pcb lightly quantifys the fpc requirements for boosters. In three power systems, the difference between new energy vehicles and conventional vehicles is mainly in power systems such as inverters, dc-dc, whole-of-car controllers (vcu), power management systems (bms),
Devices such as electron controllers (mcu) need to be used in pcb, with a large future market space. In the case of bms, they need to use a large amount of pcb, which is now mainly connected with wire beams, and, with a light quantitative drive from electric vehicles, they will gradually use fpc in the future to further increase the pcb value of the power control system.
Intelligent trends drive high-value pcb demand. First, smart coaches require higher pcb-line density, narrower line spacing, higher pcb, higher penetration of smart cabins, and further increase demand for high-value pcb, such as hdi. On autopilots, as the adas penetration rises, the number of vehicle-borne sensors
The volume will increase significantly, leading to an increase in the area of pcb use on the one hand, and an increase in the value of pcb, which is expected to increase in the use of higher unit prices, on the other.
3.1 The management team has excellent concepts, technological pre-positioning, and the company's business team has a wealth of experience in business management and a vision of globalization. The company is involved in international front-line client development, keeping close to the technological frontier.
The minimum aperture of the product can reach 0.025 mm, the minimum linear width can reach 0.020 mm, the company already has industrialization capacity for products such as fpc modules, class panels, vehicle-mounted radar panels, etc. In the new generation of the information and communication industry, the company is increasing its in-depth layout in the areas of artificial intelligence, 6g communications, virtual reality, etc., and is directly involved with its clients
In order to respond positively to developments in the industry, Ping’s share of R & D innovation has increased, with R & D costs in 2019-2022.
In addition, the Māori rate is high in the fpc industry. The company continues to improve its digitalization, upgrade, strengthen cost controls, enhance automated production, effectively and continuously reduce production costs, and increase public profitability. In 2022, the company raised its share of the supply of the fpc, thanks to the soundness of the core client Apple terminal.
This rise, with a Māori ratio of 24.00%; the pressure of weak market demand in 2023, which has led to a high level of profitability in the whole industry and the emergence of new products, will be an important engine for the company’s future development. Ping’s long-term focus and deepening of pcb technology development, and slp products represent the highest concentration of consumer electrons.
The board is the firm’s key point in capturing future trends and trends in communications technology against the backdrop of a new generation of fast-changing technologies. The minimum aperture of a printed circuit board product produced by the company can reach 0.025 mm, the minimum linear width can reach 0.025 mm, the volume capacity of slp, which now represents the higher step process, is at the cost of R & D.
Medium-level slp industry. Corporate performance has declined slightly, but remains high in the industry, owing to the multiple factors of weak demand in the global consumer electronics sector, the complexity of new company processes, and increased R & D costs. 3.2 Collaborative relationships are stable and client resources are of high quality.
Since its inception, companies have partnered with leading international brand clients such as Nokia, Motorola, Sony Ericsson. Since 2008, smartphones, represented by Apple phones, have spread rapidly worldwide, with smartphones, tablets, and computers in 2012.
Smart terminals, for example, enter the rapid penetration period, and companies seize the opportunity to significantly upgrade apple supplies and become major apple suppliers, drawing on the company ' s diversified product strategy, strong technological R & D capabilities, timely and fast order responses, high-quality, leading products and services, and guaranteed sufficient volume delivery.
The company's main production base is located in Shenzhen, the island of Qin and Huaan on the mainland, in Taiwan, India and China.
Thailand also has parks with services covering mainland China, Taiwan, Japan, South Korea, the United States, and Viet Nam. Since December 2018, companies have disclosed a number of productive expansion projects.
In order to raise market shares, strengthen corporate leadership, and further expand the fpc or high-level hdi production capacity in Qin and Shenzhen. In Taiwan, China, companies announced their investment in high-end softboard and modular smart manufacturing lines as early as 2020, and are expected to start in 2024.
The company’s globalization strategy is expanding its overseas production capacity. The company’s main business in the Indian park is modular, and a phase of the Thai park’s project, mainly for automobile and service-type product requirements, helps to optimize the company’s product mix and continuously strengthens its competitiveness and market position in the pcb area.
Profit forecast and investment recommendation 4.1 Profit projection assumptions split with business Podang Holdings are mainly engaged in the design, development, manufacture and sale of various types of printed circuit boards, companies
We look at the following sub-operations: Communications boards: for many years, companies have been working on smartphone-based telecommunications electronics, and have established a strong competitive advantage in the relevant downstream product market. Companies insist on developing high-level products and keeping them with their customers.
Good cooperation, active entry into the new product area, represented by the ai hardware, continues to increase the rate of access to the downstream market. idc projects a 2.8 per cent increase in global telecom output in 2024, driven by new products such as the ai mobile phone, the folding cell phone.
In addition to the combined growth rate of 5.1 per cent in the market size of the pcb concerned, which reached $28.404 billion in 2028, innovation on iPhones and others is expected to be positive in 25 years of the iPhone 17 series, and we expect company communications panels to generate 246,388,288,298 million dollars, a year-on-year increase.
On the Māori side, with global smart-phone stock adjustments coming to an end, companies are increasing their business at a steady pace. Companies are also upgrading their technology to optimize their product structures against rising prices of raw materials and consumption of electronics and computer panels: companies are constantly changing their technology and products to the downstream consumer electronics market.
The consumer electronics industry is gradually moving to stock. Prismark estimates that the consumer electronics-related pcb market will grow by 5.1% between 2022 and 2028 and will reach US$ 11.736 billion in 2028.
With the introduction of new pieces of the meta-cosmos, represented by hardware products, smart glasses, and a new cycle of innovation in the consumer electronics industry, opening up more opportunities for the development of the pcb industry. And, with the release of new ipad and mac products by large clients, corporate revenue is expected to return to its previous level.
With the release of new products from large client companies Šipad and Mac, sales are gradually warming, and automobiles/servers and other panels: the technological revolution in the one that has accelerated the recovery of the electronics industry since 2023.
This raises the demand for arithmeticals, opens up the market space for ai servers and also drives the demand for related pcb products to grow rapidly, long and constantly, the demand for multilayers and high-speed boards will grow, and the demand for hdi-type products in ai products will rise. According to the Prismark data, global servers and storages reached pcb in 2028.
To 13.804 billion yuan, with a capr of 11.0% in 2023-2028, the rate of growth is faster than that of other pcb groups. In addition, new energy vehicles have become intelligent, networked and accelerated, leading to rapid growth in the use of pcb, which, according to a study by the Taiwan Institute of Industry and Technology, is expected to increase by 50% in 2028, of which hdi and
The fpc product is the most dynamic. The company has accumulated a strong technical strength in products such as fpc and the upper hdi, and has conducted R & D layouts in areas such as the ai server and auto electronics. The business is currently small and is expected to grow faster with the release of Thai capacity.
With regard to the Māori rate, the continued high market for cars and ai servers, the increasing size of the company's collections, the rate of cost during the period, among others: the wave of artificial intelligence technology at the end of apples, the dove as a core supplier of apples, will sustain R&D innovation and increase R&D investment for 24 years, but will be accompanied by an increase in the size of the harvest.
Large, R & D rates are expected to drop slightly, and we expect R & D rates for 2024-2026 to stabilize the number of managers as business expands. Given the rapid growth in the size of the company, our main product lines cover fpc, sma, slp, hdi, miniled, rpcb, rigidflux.
Downstream, for example, includes telecommunications electronics (cell phones, etc.), consumer electronics and computers (computers, tablets, aiot, etc.), smart cars and ai servers, and deep binding of a household in the consumer electronics category, end-end pcb. Considering the accuracy of the Eastern Hills also as a fpc supplier for the electronics of apple communications, and the layout of new energy vehicles;
The shares are the heads of the pcb at the end of the ai cloud, and compare the shares of the dot control with those of the pcb company in Taiwan, China; and the shares of the main supplier, pcb.
Compared to companies, the average value of comparable companies was 26/19/16 times the average for 2024-2026. The bottom-down consumer electronics flagship, with 80% of customers in 23 years, will be accompanied by a gradual decline in revolution at the end of the fruit, with a higher degree of resilience in corporate revenue collection and profitability, in addition to corporate production.
We have a better competitive advantage for the pcb industry. As a new round of innovation in the industry, companies quickly capture development opportunities, maintain rapid growth, cover for the first time, and give a “recommended” rating. 1) Downstream demand is less than expected: if one uses electronics, consumer electronics, servers, etc.
Unexpected growth in the application area will affect the size of the company and its future performance. 2) Newly created capacity and R & D are not as fast as expected: if high-end products such as company hdi, slp or new production capacity are not delivered as expected, preventing the company from moving into new areas such as cars, servers, etc., will result in the company ' s future performance
(iii) High risk of client concentration: sales revenue from the company ' s top customer in 2023 amounted to 79.95 per cent of its operating income, resulting in a reduction in the purchasing company ' s pcb output if the company ' s main customer ' s business situation or the structure of the business changed
Products, in turn, will have a negative impact on corporate revenue.4 Industry competition risks increasing: as a large number of pcb manufacturers step up their research and development of new technologies and products and actively move into new applications, firms will face the risk of increased competition.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.