A company review study — Real estate — 22nd of April, 2020, steady growth + a steady score that highlights the value of long-term investments.
Annual Red Dividen Premium: Total Shares with Profit Distribution as of 17 April 2020 97,670 million yuan, an increase of 10.64 per cent in 2019; Returned Profits 16,03 billion yuan, an increase of 5.2 per cent, a decrease of 4.84 hundred dollars in the same year.
Overall, steady progress has been made, with a marked decline in leverage and robust operations. (ii) Development masters are also relatively high growth, resource acquisition is accurate and positive. In 2019, companies entered nine new cities, including Xiaoqing, Yangzhou, Taizhou, Changsha; and throughout the year.
A total of 79 projects have been acquired at a cost of $52.3 billion. Of these, the Haimen International Cruise City project is another successful case of companies joining the Hong Kong City network to access high-quality resources, following the Shenzhen, Xiamen, and Tianjiang cruise mother port projects.
The company responded to the national South China Sea Free Trade Area strategy, actively participated in the construction of the Sanya Deep Sea Science and Technology City, centred on the deep sea technology industry, and developed a pilot international medical tourism experiment in Bounty City.
In the 2019 reporting period, the company acquired China and China and changed its name on 16 December.
As a result of this acquisition, the company has been able to market the estates of both the Chamber of Commerce and the Air Industry Group, creating yet another innovative example of resource consolidation. By the end of 2019, the company was managing the surplus.
It covers 153 million square metres, of which 76 million square metres are under non-residential property management and 77 million square metres are under residential property management.
(iv) Multi-channel control of financing costs In 2019, the merchants completed the issuance of the corporate bonds in two instalments of $5.6 billion, with a minimum interest rate of 3.58 per cent; and the rolling issuance of three super-short-term vouchers, with a minimum interest rate of 2.8 per cent, at the lowest cost for the same period in the same industry market
Interest rate. In 2019, the company’s combined capital cost was 4.92 per cent, with financing costs under control. 7.3 times, 6.4 times, and the market net rate 1.7 times. Firm operations, steady dividends, long-term values, and we continue to maintain a “recommended” rating of the merchants.
The epidemic exceeded the expected risks, with a significant drop in house prices, a downside risk in the Māori rate, etc.