The company achieved business income of $97,672 million in 2019, an increase of 10.6 per cent, a net profit of $16,033 million for mothers, an increase of 5.2 per cent for each share.
▪ There was an uneven pace of carry-over, with a slight increase in performance throughout the year. In 2019, companies achieved business income and net profit returns at a rate of 10.6 per cent and 5.2 per cent, respectively; according to data for the single quarter, 19q4 businesses received $7.2130 billion, representing an increase of 32.4 per cent, compared with the increase in the figure of $10.940 billion.
The growth in corporate performance in 2019 was slightly lower than the increase in income, mainly as a result of: (1) the rapid growth in sales patterns, which contributed to a 6.9 per cent increase in the company ' s three costs by 0.6 percentage points in the same year; (2) the return of the project ' s Māori ratio to normal 34.6 per cent, a 4.8 percentage point decrease in the same year; and, ultimately, the net gain.
In 2019, the company's real estate business was sold for $22.474 billion, an increase of 29.25 per cent over the same period; the sales area was 1,69.44 million square metres. In terms of access to resources, the company implemented a city-by-city approach, which enabled it to take up the land, entering the country, entering the country.
One hundred million yuan, or 54 per cent of the equity share; the average land value is 6859 yuan per square metre, or 36 per cent of the average current sales price; among these, the Haimen City International Cruise City project was acquired as a further successful case of companies connecting through the Port City to access quality resources following the Shenzhen, Xiamen, and Tianjiang cruise port projects.
Full completion of land preparation and joint venture cooperation, with the joint venture officially owning over hundreds of billions of assets in the former Gulf Bay area; the integrated development of the Ma Bay area has been pre-arranged, and the surroundings are complemented by international studies 1, Trader Snakes (001979): Settlement
School start-up, start-up of district-level projects for marketing, and regional urbanization patterns are beginning to emerge. Uneven distribution delays performance, contracts are signed, investments are prudent, financing costs are maintained.
• Investment proposals: Merchant Snakes, as a flagship company of the real estate block under the auspices of the Chamber of Commerce, is positioned as the leading city and park integrated development and operation service provider, and is an important core asset consolidation and business synergy platform for the Group. The company has sufficient reserves in the Bay of Australasia region of Hong Kong and will be fully supported in the future.
Figure 1: Business income (millions of dollars) and speed of increase: net profit (millions) and speed of gain from business snakes (millions)
Figure 5: Merchant Snake Sales (millions of yuan) and Speed Up