Three-quarterly reviews in 2025: q3 net return profit was equal to o3 operating income of +5 per cent, and high-mori orders continued to be honoured The Chinese ship completed the absorption of heavy labour in China and acquired 48 per cent of the equity share of heavy labour during the reporting period.
Then, in the first three quarters of 2025, the company achieved business income of $107.2 billion, an increase of 18 per cent in the same year, and net profit of $5.85 billion for mothers, an increase of 115 per cent in the same year. Single q3 companies achieved business income of $34.8 billion, an increase of 98 per cent in the same year.
The Māori rate has risen steadily, the fee-control capacity has continued to grow, high prices, high Māori-rate civilian ship orders will continue to be honoured, and there will be internal synergies after the merger of the North and South.
According to Clarkson, in September 2025, the ship industry signed a new consignment of 7.4 million tons, corresponding to 52 per cent, a ring ratio of +9 per cent, and a cumulative increase of 779.94 million tons, corresponding to 51 per cent, in the ship industry in January-September.
Although the order was influenced by a high base, the US 301 survey and the Ship Act, which fell in the same year, the total investment was still large, 27% higher than the average for the last 10 years. In October, the price index for new shipbuilding was inflated. Looking forward: the impact of short-term US 301 is expected to be countered by China’s special port charges.
The policy offsets the fact that the global ship-building cycle is far from over in the medium to long term, with demand-side environmental constraints: o2 net profit return + 80% as expected, and ship-age growth to support stock upgrading, supply-side rigidity to support ship prices. China ' s ship-building industry chains
South-South ship consolidation, which is in the process of taking over, is flexible, technologically, cost-effective and difficult to replace, and will continue to benefit.
Source, elimination of peer competition and full synergy, global competitiveness will be further enhanced, positive performance forecast: 25h1 net profit ratio  profit forecast and investment rating: taking into account the effects of China ' s heavy labour merger, we adjust company 2025 -
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.