\triangleright event: 23h1 achieved operating income of $99,237 million, +4.22 per cent compared with 4.22 per cent.
q2 battalion growth is robust and under cover. q2 company realized business income of $63,781 million and split with company air conditioning/life appliances/industrial products/smart equipment/green energy/other major camp operations.
In the case of air-conditioning operations, according to industry online data, 23h1 + 13.5 per cent of sales;
In addition to traditional household panels, the company is actively seeking a breakthrough in diversification.
On a regional basis, 23H1 has achieved operating income of $68,908,12,819 million, q2 sales costs have increased significantly, and gross sales have improved. As a result of product restructuring and lower prices of raw materials, 23h1 has achieved a Māori rate of 28.75 per cent, compared to +4.25 pct, with air conditioners.
+4.50 pct. From the perspective of the gross sales margin, the gross sales margin of q2 was 20.39 per cent, and from the point of view of the same cost ratio, the sales, management, R & D, financial cost rates of q2 were 4.16, +0.36, +0.26, -1.02 pct, respectively, and the significant increase in sales costs was mainly due to the cost of maintenance of the installation of the product.
As a result of the increase, the decrease in the financial cost rate was mainly attributable to the increase in interest income of q2 companies, which amounted to $1,592 million, compared with +38.24 per cent in the same year, while the increase in cost inputs notwithstanding, the improvement in the Māori rate was evident, and q2 achieved a net return profit.
Rate of 13.43% +0.98pc. Net return return profit of $8.564 billion +14.75% + net operating cash flow increased significantly due to good book cash flow. 1) 23H1 corporate monetary funds + transactional financial assets totalled 1951.28 million yuan, compared to 22 years
End of period: +20.93 per cent, mainly due to growth in corporate operating income; h1 end-of-period receivables and tickets
Billion dollars, roughly the same as at the end of 22 years: sales of other current liabilities at the end of 23h1 and sales at the end of 23h1 - 52,941 million yuan, i.e. + 0.81 per cent, a slight increase in deferred income tax assets at the end of 23h1
2) In terms of liquidity, the working days of the company ' s inventory/receivables/payables at the end of 23h1 were slightly more efficient than at the end of 22 years -- 7.57, +2.99 and +8.28, respectively -- owing to the increase in cash received for the sale of goods and the provision of services, on the one hand, and others, on the other hand, on the other hand
Decrease in operating-related cash expenditures. Profit forecast: we look forward to Greas as a domestic power-making leader in manufacturing, channeling, management, \triangleright
Inherent advantages of R & D are the positive industrialization of companies towards new energy sources, smart equipment risk factors: less than expected recovery in the sale of air-conditioning, less than expected expansion of Tob operations, much higher prices for raw materials, increased competition in the industry, less than anticipated expansion of new products, etc.
M.A. in Fusion & Management. Used to work in the development of commercial telecommunications equipment in the tp-link hardware research and development department. New wealth in 2015 and 2017. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2020.
In 2022, he joined the Credit Certificate, a study in the household appliances industry, covering white power, small household electricity, and parts and components. Yuko, member of the team. Master of Finance, Bachelor of Economics and Business, University College, London.
The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-resumed securities investment consultancy business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.