Gravity Electrics (000651.sz) Mid 2023 reported a significant increase in the Māori rate of air conditioning, high innovation in contractual liabilities, household appliances, white appliances.
The growth in the second quarter has increased slightly, and profits have improved. In the first half of 2023, the company achieved a net profit of 8.34 billion/+6.5 per cent. q2 sustained strong demand for air-conditioning, boosted by high temperatures and other factors, and raised corporate income growth loops; and profits improved with the boost of a significant increase in the Māori rate of air-conditioning.
The air-conditioning industry has experienced high performances in the first half of the year, and the size of corporate contractual liabilities has been innovative. According to industry online, 2023h1 my country sold 98.24 million units with air-conditioning, an increase of 13 per cent over the same year, with internal and external sales increasing by 25 per cent to 1 per cent, respectively; q2 sales have improved significantly compared to q1, with the same ratio increasing by 30 per cent/+4 per cent.
At the end of the statement, company H1 air conditioning revenue increased by 1.8% to $70 billion on a year-on-year basis, and the variance with industry data is expected to be mainly due to revenue recognition and channel stock disturbance. Contract liabilities and sales costs continue to reflect the high demand for air conditioning by company: 1) company ' s balance of contract liability at the end of company h1
The 52-week maximum/minimum price is due to an increase in the cost of maintenance for the installation of the product, of which q2 increased by 96 per cent; and 3) h1 net operating cash flow of net profit. The company is expected to maintain a steady growth following the gradual conversion of contractual liabilities into revenue.
The industrial sector has grown faster. h1 company income from industrial products has increased by 90 per cent to $5.49 billion, and smart equipment has grown relatively fast. h1 appliances have remained equal to $2.18 billion, with relatively robust performance.
+4.5 pct to 29.5%, h1 Māori air conditioning rate + 5.8 pct to 35.7%, expected to benefit mainly from reduced costs of raw materials, etc. Company sales rates increased by a significant increase in installation maintenance costs, q2 & GW (000651.sz)-2022 & Quarterly Review & Business 2023:
A steady increase in profitability, with a year-on-year innovation in contractual liabilities highlighting the industry landscape, to 13.4 per cent, and a sustained improvement in profitability performance.
"Greets (000651, sz)-2022: steady growth in internal and external sales, investment proposal: maintenance of profit forecasts, maintenance of “buy-in” ratings. "Gree appliances (000651.sz)-2021 & first quarter 2022:
GW-000651 - Event Rapid Rating: A clear red score for enhanced confidence, solid red + high advantage, new retail channel reform and digitalization progress steadily and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Figure 1: Corporate operating income and speed of growth
Figure 2: Single-season operating earnings and growth rates of companies Figure 3: Net profit and increase in corporate returns Figure 4: Single-season net profit and increase in corporate returns
Figure 5: Corporate Māori Rates and Net Interest Rates (NPEs) Figure 6: Corporate Māori Rates and Net Interest Rates (NPEs)
Figure 7: Corporate R & D costs, Table 1: Comparable corporate valuation tables Author ensures that data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author