White domestic electricity Māori rate has improved significantly, and q2 has performed well. Gravity Electrical (000651.sz)
Events: Companies published their semi-annual report for 2023, with 2023h1 achieving operating income of $99,237 million, an increase of 4.22 per cent in the same year; mother-to-child net profit of $12,673 million, an increase in the demand for air conditioning and an increase in business diversification. In the first half of the year, household electricity consumption benefited from the North half.
In high-temperature weather, increased demand for air-conditioning markets, company upgrading of product structure and quality, air-conditioning plate operating income of $69,998 million, an increase of 1.82 per cent, compared with the corresponding increase of 1.82 per cent; based on solid air-conditioning, company technology innovation in household appliances, 2023h1 life electrical camp
In terms of industrial manufacturing, companies continue to diversify into a variety of fields, marching into such high-growth tracks as light storage air conditioning, the new energy industry, medical health, semiconductors, etc., adding and shielding the impact of the environment, 2023h1 industrial products/intellectuals.
The downscaling results show a significant improvement in the Māori rate of air conditioning. Companies use digitization, intelligence, as an important means of transformational upgrading, further optimize procurement costs, maximize the intellectual advantage, improve production efficiency, and promote efficiency gains through a number of initiatives.
The interest rate rose from 5.08 pc to 34.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with a significant reduction in the Māori rate for air conditioning operations in the first half of the year; the Māori rate for other operations was 2.37 per cent, a decrease of 2.59 ptt compared to the previous year, and industrial manufacturing was in a period of transition and was expected to increase significantly with the effects of scale.
Summer air conditioning installation maintenance costs have increased significantly, resulting in a short-term upturn in sales costs. 2023h1 company sales of 1.02pc, summer air conditioner installation maintenance costs have increased and sales rates have increased in the short term.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.