— depth report 601865.sh.
The company's capacity to produce has increased significantly, with a double annual price. The company is a photovoltaic industry leader whose capacity has expanded rapidly since 2018. With the current high demand in its overseas markets, large exports of components have provided better support to the demand for glass, and the windfalls have been growing rapidly since 2018.
The company landed on a stock in 2018, making a +h market, raising more diversified channels, and allowing for faster and better development of the main business. The performance of the public sector is expected to increase further as the penetration rate of dual-bond components rises in the future.
The speed of photovoltaic glass growth is expected to be 16%. Based on current industry production, a simple measurement of the demand for photovoltaic glass is based on the relative depth of 300 per cent for the former Fret, which is 78 per cent and 96 per cent, respectively, of the average conventional 60-form component power of 300w.
On the basis of the original demand for the 1gw traditional component, which corresponds to 58,000 tons, and the demand for the double-producer component, which corresponds to 93,000 tons, an increase of 60.4 per cent over the same period, we expect to need 11,668 million tons in 2022 and 2018-2022 optical glass plains, profit projections and investment ratings: we compare companies with comparable companies, which are now more profitable and will be in the future.
The Wang Yu Research Assistant is on average in the industry, and for the first time it covers an “enhanced” rating.
Risk factors: The company ' s pace of implementation is not as high as expected: the risk of insufficient demand for glass: the risk of an increase in the cost of raw materials.
Central view/investment logic: The company is a photovoltaic industry locomotive whose capacity has expanded rapidly since 2018, with large exports of components better supporting the demand for glass, starting from 531 in 2018. The company landed on a share in 2018, achieving both a+h.
The company’s performance is expected to increase as the penetration rate of its two-dimensional components rises in the future, with the company’s overall output doubling, and we expect production capacity to remain about 50% higher in the second half of the year than in 2018, given the current high demand in the component market.
Value catalyst: The company Viet Nam and Anhui still have more than 4000 t/d planned capacity, of which Viet Nam is expected to start production in 2020, and Anhui forward planning capacity is expected to achieve profitability projections and investment ratings: we expect the company to resume production with expanded capacity and cold-repair capacity, combined with increased penetration of two-bond components, with projected sales of 15372.1,11644.2, 228.93 million m2 in 2019-2021, taking into account the cold production capacity of the industry in 2019-2021 and an increase in the penetration rate of 2.5 mm glass.
We expect tax-free prices of $23.6, 23.9, 23.0 per square metre, respectively. Cost side: We expect overall consumption to decline to some degree, fuel and raw material prices are expected to remain stable, the price of 3.2 mm glass is mainly affected by sales, and 2.5 mm glass is expected to be affected by industry competition, in addition to sales prices.
There is a risk that the company will not be able to access land at the present time. The demand for photovoltaic components is largely dependent on downstream power plants, and there is a risk of insufficient demand in the current state-controlled state of the country’s photovoltage machine.
With the shift in glass thickness from traditional 3.2mm to super thin glass, there is a risk that future demand for glass will decline. A+h is on the market, and the ipo fund-raising project is going well.
The company was established in 1998 as a trade in glass products; in 2000, the company began processing glass, mainly floating glass depths; in 2005, it was converted to a shareholding company: in 2006, the company moved into the luminous glass industry: in 2011, the company ' s first floating glass kiln was set on fire and started producing floating glass originals, and currently the company ' s main business is research and development, production and marketing of glazing, floating glass, engineering glass and household glass, and stone for glass.
The company currently controls Nguyen Hong Liang, Nguyen Zewun, Kang Xiaohua and Zhao Xiaofei. Nguyen Hong Liang and Kang Xinghua are husband and wife, and Nguyen Xiaohua are the daughters of Nguyen Hong Liang and Kang Xiaohua, Zhao Xiao Fei
The company's ipo raised funds for two projects: the 900,000 tons of photo-voltaic sheet glass project, and the 100,000 tons of online low-e plating glass project. According to the company's announcement, as of 11 February, the portion was raised.
The funds have been fully invested in a project to raise funds for the investment of 900,000 tonnes of photovoltaic components per year.
Similar fine grids, the back cover of the whole aluminium layer is changed to a local aluminium layer. The back light can enter the battery from an area that is not covered by the ai layer, increasing the light area of the battery... and thus achieve back-fired power generation functions, generating power gains without an increase in the size of the component, while marginal cost increases are limited, thus increasing the rate of return on photovoltaic power stations. In particular, for centralized power stations, according to our calculations, the use of two-faced binary components can increase the number of centralized flat-cost access areas from 67 to 132 areas, with a regional number.
Increased by 97.0% (for a detailed measurement of photovoltaic prices online, see our report of 28 March 2019 on the depth of the two-faced solar power, photovoltage parities). Photovoltaic glass is used exclusively on the permeable panels of photovoltile components. Since photovoltile batteries can be converted to electrical energy through photovoltage, there is a higher requirement for glass permeability, with steel glass reaching more than 91.5% and plating glass exceeding 93.5%. And because of the low mechanical strength of single solar photovoltaic cells, there is also a higher requirement for glass permeability.
It is easily broken; water and corrosive gases in the air gradually oxidize and corrosive electrodes, which cannot withstand the harsh conditions of open-air work, so that photovoltaic glass needs to be strong and equipped with long life to protect batteries.
Photovoltage batteries are divided into two main types: crystal silicon cells and thin film cells, where luminous glass is used primarily for crystal silicon cells, and luminous glass is used mainly for thin film cells. The two glass processes are different. Crystal silicon light voltage cells are the most technologically mature, the most widely applied photovoltaic cells, and the company's photovolt glass is produced for pressure duration, mainly on the cover panels used for crystal silicon batteries.
Figure 4 Photovoltaic glass production process Leadr bases are pioneers in the application of photovoltaic technology, with up to 52 per cent of the winning product of the third batch of runners in 2017, showing the preference of the manufacturer for the two-sided component, and in the second half of 2016, the winning firm used the largest component of 270/280w.
270w became the mainstream component in 2017, considering that the technology used at that time was still the upgrading of conventional components, the technological lead used by the applied runners was lower than the technical lead, and we believe that the two-faced double-bond would become the mainstream over the next two to three years. Based on current industry production, we have measured the demand for photovoltaic glass in a simple way, with the original qualifying rate and the good rate of production of photovoltaic glass receiving 78% and 96%, respectively, in order to level the balance.
The average conventional 60-piece power of 300w was calculated, while the demand for the 1gw traditional component was 58,000 tons, while the demand for the two-faced component was 93,000 tons, an increase of 60.4 per cent over the same period. On 13 June 2019, in the United States federal press, the United States Trade Representative Office awarded commodities such as two-sided solar power generation units to 201 since 13 June 2019.
As a result, the cost of exporting solar component products will not be subject to an additional 25 per cent tariff. Based on the pv-magzine data, using double-faced components would save 6-9 cents/watts compared to conventional components. Therefore, we believe that in the future the demand for dual-faced components in the United States will increase at a higher rate, further accelerating the growth of exports from the United States on both sides in the second half of the year 2018, from import to export, pushing a total of two-sided components to more than 5gw per year, based on 98.2gw additional loads worldwide.
The market penetration rate is 5%. Pvinfolink expects a double-face penetration rate of 15% to 25% in 2021-2022. Figure 7 shows a rapid increase in the two-face penetration rate.
Glass supply, based on the scale of the previous prototype reloader, we expect 11,068,000 tons of the original in 2022 and 16% of the composite growth rate of the photovoltaic glass in 2018-2022. And, according to witnesses, the current global production of photovoltaic glass can be 24,220t/d, or 8.84 million tons per year, based on our measurements, industry as a whole.
In the case of kilns, where capacity utilization is close to 90 per cent, and given the cold-repair cycle, where actual effective capacity is less than nominal capacity, and in the case of additional capacity, where Fullet was able to produce 1,000 t/d in the first half of 2019, Yamaton is expected to produce 650 t/d in October-November, and where it will be able to do 900 t/d in the second half of the year, the overall contribution to effective capacity in 2019 is therefore limited, and the overall supply and demand is therefore disproportionate.
Floating glass: demand reheating and cooling peaks, industry climate is expected to pick up; supply: industry rushes to cooling peaks; supply side continues to contract higher than expected; output growth slows; overall utilization is low
The total production capacity of flat glass has continued to expand and has been affected by supply-side reforms and environmental policies in recent years. Although the rate of productivity growth has declined, it is still low. As of April 2019, we had a total of 372 floating production lines with a capacity of 1,339 million boxes, of which 232 were produced, with a capacity of 912 million boxes, a reduction of 1.51 per cent from the end of 2018, and a capacity utilization rate of 68.09 per cent.
In the second half of 2016, with the advent of a new winding cycle in the glass industry, product prices rose and flat glass production recovered. In 2018, the flat glass production in the country was 869 million boxes by weight, an increase of 2.1 per cent compared to the previous year; in January-June 2019, the flat glass production in the country was 462 million boxes by weight, an increase of 6.8 per cent compared to the same figure.
Figure 9 2012-2019 Flat glass production and growth rates (Billions of Unites, %) Businesses are under greater pressure for profitability and are expected to contract their effective supply The glass production process requires high-temperature heating blends, usually with a life span of 8-10 years in the kiln, beyond which cold repairs are required.
High, glass kilns, once opened, must remain in production for the long term, so glass supplies are rigid. The changes in the supply end of the glass sector consist of three main aspects, namely, new and increased capacity, cold repair, and recovery, respectively.
In January 2018, the Ministry of Industry and Communications issued the Measures for Implementation of the Power Exchange in the Cement Glass Industry, which requires that flat glass construction projects in environmentally sensitive areas be replaced by no less than 1.25 per cent, and that phase-out capacity for replacement be discontinued before the start of the construction project.
In the light of policy implementation, the expansion of new capacity has been controlled to a certain extent. Industry profits have fallen, companies have increased their willingness to renovate, and cold repair has reached its peak.
More production lines come into operation, theoretically, in 2017 and 2018. But, in practical terms, driven by high profits in the first half of 2017-2018, annual earnings in the industry have not improved and, according to the Ministry of Information and Communications, profits in the flat glass industry declined by 24.1 per cent in the first quarter of 2019, so we believe that, in the context of the industry’s downward trend, the sector’s cold-renovation capacity is expected to increase.
In 2018, 12 glass lines were regenerated, with a combined yield of 7650t/d, but mostly in the first half of the better profitable years. We analysed the benefits, environmental protection, and cost aspects, and found that cold recovery capacity was limited under multiple constraints: 1 from the rhythm of the 2018 production line recovery.
See, most production lines have chosen to recommence in the first half of the better profitable year, while the current industry is still not showing any signs of improvement and enterprises are not motivated to recommence;2 some production lines have been more difficult to recommence owing to environmental pressures and control of coal use indicators in different provinces, such as the concentration of cold production lines in the Sha River region in November 2017 and the fact that production was not resumed until May 2019;3 and environmental costs for glass companies have also increased as a result of increased environmental requirements, such as industrial emission limits, and the current price of fire-resistant materials.
In the context of the severe restrictions on new production capacity, the game between cold repair and restart capacity has become the dominant factor affecting industry supply. Under the influence of national policies, new and ignition capacity in the industry has been reduced further, total output growth has declined rapidly, and the overall glass supply cycle has been “irrigated long.” Glass prices and industry profitability have had a direct impact on cooling.
Changes in the net increase (reproductive capacity - cold repair capacity) began in the first half of 2018 as glass prices remained high, and manufacturers began to concentrate again: as prices continued to fall in the second half of the year, there was a central shutdown at the end of 2018. The glass industry as a whole was not operating well in the first quarter of 2019, with limited incentives for recovery and effective supply difficulties.
Real estate is one of the most important applications downstream of glass, and the installation of glass is the last process leading up to the completion of the real estate project. As the period of delay in the completion of the current housing work is increasing relative to the opening of new construction, demand for glass in the real estate sector is slowing down despite the continuing high level of new construction.
Investment in real estate development is usually influenced by both land acquisition and construction. Although the current area of land acquisition has declined significantly, the cost of land acquisition remains high as a result of the delay in pre-acquisition settlement, which has led to a significant increase in real estate investment. Moreover, as the pace of housing construction has accelerated, investment in construction has increased significantly, reaching $34,413 million in the first half of 2019, an increase of 9.4 per cent.
In 2018, the country sold 171,654 million square metres, an increase of 1.30 per cent, and a decrease of 1.9 per cent in real estate sales. We believe that, with the appropriate liberalization of policies such as the conditionality, sales of first-line and part-two-tier urban merchandise houses have improved, and this has led to an improvement since the second half of 2018.
Total sales support. Between January and May 2019, real estate in 30 large and medium-sized cities was settled at 6703.22 million square metres, an increase of 10.45 per cent over the same period.
The pace of real estate construction has accelerated, leading to a high rate of growth in the number of new constructions and construction-related businesses, while the number of completed areas continues to be low and there is a large demand for construction to be filled. According to historical data, the rate of building completion has increased relative to the rate of construction.
The delay of about one year in the pace of new construction has been marked by a significant increase in the time lag between the two. The number of new constructions has been rising since the beginning of 2016, but the rate of completion has gradually declined. In 2018, the total number of new constructions amounted to 209,342 square metres, a 17.2 per cent increase over the previous year, and the total number of completed constructions amounted to 935.5 million square metres, a 7.8 per cent decrease over the same period. In January-June 2019, the number of new constructions increased by 10.1 per cent over the same period, a 12.7 per cent decrease over the same period.
We believe that there are two main reasons for the rapid growth in the size of the housing sector: one is the inevitable increase in the size of the housing sector as a result of the rise in the land stock of the housing sector after a round of climax, in order to avoid idle fees; two is the apparent contraction in the financing of the housing sector in the context of the country's financial de-leveraging and the intensification of sales to speed up the return of the funds, and in the same time, before the fall in the industry arrives, and thus the willingness of the housing sector to push forward. Before 2018, there was an increase in the area of commercial housing sales and the area of current housing sales.
In 2018, however, there was a greater differentiation between the two, with a market area of 1,406 million square metres, an increase of 8.70 per cent in the same year, and a market area of 310 million square metres and a decrease of 22.40 per cent in the same year.The growth in the area of housing completion was mainly influenced by the “high turnover” strategy of housing companies and financial constraints, and, in order to ease the financial pressure, the developers were interested in adjusting the pace of construction.
Figure 14 Relationship between the area of new construction and the area of completed housing The difficulty of financing housing enterprises has been reduced and the financial pressure has eased. The current monetary policy in the country is moderate and moderate, with reasonable liquidity. The overall financing environment has improved since 2018, with a cumulative increase of $8.18 trillion in social financing in the first quarter of 2019, an increase of 40.07 per cent over the same period in the previous year.
In January-April 2019, investment in construction increased by 9.1% over the year, confirming that the pace of investment is indeed on the rise. We believe that the pace of the property chain is in the process of being transferred from new construction to construction.
Real estate investments and new start-up areas remain high, and the city’s glass needs are larger. In the medium and long term, although land acquisition has slowed since 2019, there are still more stocks of land in the last two years, and glass consumption has not yet reached its nodal point. Since 2017, land acquisitions have continued to increase at a high rate. In 2017, land acquisitions amounted to 255.08 million square metres, an increase of 15.80 per cent over the same period; in 2018, land acquisitions amounted to 29.14 million square metres, an increase of 14.25 per cent over the same period.
Prices: Glass prices, though downward, are approaching the point of recovery, and since the second half of 2018, glass prices have been falling, and as of 23 July 2019, the price of floating glass in the main cities of the country was $74.33/weight box, a decrease of 5.43 per cent from the beginning of the year.
At the supply end, with the country’s control of industrial capacity, the industry’s gradual growth in cold-renovation, and a low willingness to re-establish business, effective supply will continue to shrink. At the demand side, the pace of housing construction will accelerate as the financing environment improves, which will benefit the demand for glass.
Companies have a strong competitive advantage, with significant profits growth, and their R & D inputs remain above 3% per year. After many years of investment and accumulation, firms are at a national lead in major technical fields such as ultra-white glass development, technological processes, production and manufacturing, and some products and technologies have reached international advanced levels.
Figure 19 shows that R & D investment remained above 3%, with a concentration of 47.5% in the industry. The M & A ratio of head and second-line firms varies widely. We believe this is related to the capacity of head firms to produce single kilns. Foret and SK kilns can produce more than 500t/d, compared to 300t/d in Anchae High, Tanzhengumi, etc.
The following small kilns. In December 2017 and June 2018, two 1,000t/d kilns were manufactured, and the impact of the new project on costs was mainly reflected in the second half of 2018, taking into account the ability to climb the slopes and good rate control, so the cost per unit dropped significantly from $18.6/pm in the first half of the year to $14.3/pm in the second half of the year. The Māori ratio is significantly higher than average in figure 20top2
In terms of income structure, the company earns about 70% of total revenue, followed by engineering and household glass, each of which accounts for about 10%. The Māori ratio, which used to be around 40%, has declined as industry capacity expanded and the New Deal 531 in 2018, remains the highest Māori rate among company-owned businesses.
Figure 22 has a high share of photovoltaic glass camp revenue (million yen) and figure 23 has the highest Māori rate in the light glass business, with direct materials and fuel power accounting for nearly 80 per cent of the cost, with a higher share of electricity consumed by photovoltaic deep processing in terms of single consumption, thus reducing the power consumption of deep processing processes.
The use of 1,000 tons of kilns, as well as the use of residual heat for power generation, or the outsourcing of new steel furnaces, reduces electricity consumption throughout the production process by more than 10% of the electricity bill in the first half of 2018 compared to 2017. The overall capacity doubled, and we expect to produce about 50% more capacity in the second half of the year than in 2018, given the time the kiln was put into production.
On the other hand, the company has a 600t/d kiln that has been operating for more than five years and is expected to undergo cold repairs from 2020 to 2021, so that the overall productive capacity cannot be fully released.
The online low-e plating glass is a direct addition to the plating process in the production of floating glass. Since the company ' s ipo fund-raising project has been modified by floating glass, we expect future sales of the company ' s floating glass to decline as a result of its own production of low-e plating glass.
We expect the company to return to production with increased production capacity and cold-repair capacity combined with higher penetration of two-bond components, with a projected sales volume of 15372.1, 21644.2, 228.973,000 m2 in 2019-2021, taking into account industrial cold-repair capacity in 2019-2021 and an increase in the penetration rate of 2.5 mm glass, we expect non-tax prices of 23.6, 23.9 and 23.0 m2 respectively. Cost side: we expect overall consumption to continue to decline to a certain extent, while prices for fuel and raw materials are expected to remain stable, 3.2 mm
In the case of floating glass, we expect a slight improvement in the overall rate of floating glass, considering that the construction glass is higher than the original one. In the case of floating glass, we expect a slight improvement in the overall rate of floating glass, as low-e glass lines are put into production.
Mining products The company’s present security capacity has not yet acquired land and there is a risk that it will not progress as expected. The demand for photovoltaic components is largely dependent on the construction of downstream power stations, and there is a risk of insufficient demand in the current state-controlled state of the domestic photovoltaic system.
With the shift in glass thickness from traditional 3.2mm to super thin glass, there is a risk that future demand for glass will decline. Toming, Dr. D.M., Chinese University of Mines (Beijing), registered consulting (investment) engineer, member of the China Geological and Mineral Economics Society, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's expert bank, and member of the Chinese expert bank for business auditing and auditing.
He worked as Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired the workshop), in the fields of coal and energy-related research. He chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Programme, the revision of the coal industry technology policy, and business-related consultations. In June 2016, he was in charge of research in the coal sector.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.