The two-faced windfall, the speed of the dragon head, began on 13th of August 2019 in the light glass industry, leading the way to a national replacement of the light glass.
Photovoltaic demand has recovered, companies have been able to land their h shares for 15 years, 19 years, a share, and their capacity has expanded. By the end of 18, the company’s photovoltaic glass tablets were producing 3990t/d (total capacity 4290t/d), and the market-based dual-dimensional trend pushed up the demand for photovoltaic glass: since 18 years, prices in the photovoltaic industrial chain have fallen,
With global demand elasticity, photovoltaics have become the cheapest form of energy in most of the world’s countries and regions. We expect global demand to reach 130, 159, 195, 237gw in 2019-2022, with a compound acceleration of about 23%.
And 10-30% of back-fired power generation gains help to reduce the life-cycle edifice costs, value for money  oligarch size, cost advantages, pattern stabilization trend optimization: the Powder industry has the advantage of size, cost, location, client, financial strength, etc.
Halo shapes the oligarchy, with over 50% cr2 in 18 years, a Māori rate of 26%, and a ratio of more than 70% in 2022 compared to the second-line manufacturer cr2. As 1,000 tonnes and above of kilns continue to develop and upgrade, the cost advantage is expected to grow further and patterns are optimized.
In recent years, the company has accelerated the release of its production capacity. In April 19 19 the Fung Yang base set fire on three lines, Viet Nam 1 and 2 will start production in 19H2 and 20 years, Ando 4 and 5 will start production in 21H1 respectively, with a projected solar melting of 6290 light glass at the end of 19-21.
Cost advantages are significant. As larger kilns are released with more cost advantages, the cost will be further m2.
The company has 1,200t/d high-quality floating glass products that can be used as raw materials for deep-processed products such as engineering glass, home glass, etc. ipo collects 100,000 tons of online low-e plating glass lines, which will enrich the product class of the company’s high-value-added products.
1.1. Fullet Glass Group, Inc., a large and medium-sized enterprise integrated with glass development, manufacturing, processing and marketing, was established in June 1998 in Jiahin City, the centre of the long triangle economy.
Starting from the glass trade to the production of glass processing, in 2006 it began to engage in the optical glass industry. Three photovoltaic glass production lines totalling 1090t/d were put into production in Jafu in Shanghai; and the two 600t/d light glass production lines of the Group ' s headquarters were put into production in 2011-2013, expanding the operations of the photovoltaic glass main industry.
The company was listed on the Hong Kong Union Board on November 26, 2015, with a stock code: hk.06865. In 2017, a Ford (Viet Nam) Limited was established by the Hong Kong Fullet Investment and began to build a factory in Viet Nam. On February 15, 2019, it was listed on the Board, with a stock code: 601865.sh. The ipo raised 300 million yuan and 150 million shares for the year.
Construction of projects such as the 900,000-ton photovolt assembly sheet glass project. The company actually controls four persons, Nguyen Hong Liang, Kang Xinghua, Nguyen Ze-hwan, and Zhao Xiaofei, the son-in-law of Nguyen, who hold a total of 111.872 million shares in the company's shares and account for the company's pre-issue stock.a
62.16%, or 57.38% of total equity after distribution. The group comprises Zhejiang Garford Glass Ltd., Zhejiang Folet Poll Ltd., Shanghai Folet Glass Co. Ltd., Cashing Fretel New Energy Technology Ltd., Ann Fretel Photovolt Materials Co. Ltd., Ann Fret Light Glass Co. Ltd., Fret (Hong Kong) Ltd., Fret.
(Viet Nam) Ltd., Fullet (Hong Kong) Investments Ltd., etc., nine fully-owned holding companies. 1.2. Capability added, second in the country. By the end of 2018, the company would produce 4290t/d of photovoltaic glass tablets, and 6290t/d by the end of 19th.
The first and second lines of 1,000t/d light-voltaic glass lines were put into production in December 2017 and June 2018, while the first line of Carforth was repaired in July 2018. By the end of 18, the company produced 4290t/d light-voltage glass (3990t/d in production).
Four to five lines 1,200t/d (expected start of fire in the first half of 2021) and one thousandt/d each for Folet I and two in Viet Nam (expected start of fire in the second half of 2019 and 2020) are in construction capacity, which will reach 6290t/d by the end of 19 and will be the second-largest in the country until the company can produce its second-largest capacity, one of the bare glass heads. By the end of 2018, the company's light glass was in place.
Production capacity (3990t/d) is the second highest in the country, after aluminum (6700t/d), which accounts for the country ' s total production capacity, and the company ' s sales of photovoltaic glass have grown rapidly with the increase in production capacity. In 2018, the company produced 9,736.28 million m2 of photovoltaic glass and sold 943.3 million m2, representing an increase of 30 per cent and 22 per cent, respectively, of 12.58gw photovoltaic components.
Production needs. Until the company's full capacity is built, it can produce approximately 3.54 million tons of glass per year, corresponding to 350 million m (3.2 mm glass per piece, with a 78% rate of fragmentation), which is more than 60 gw light voltage. In addition, the company has a rich class of floating glass and deep-processed products. The company has a total floating glass production capacity.
1,200t/d, more than 400,000 tons of floating glass from year to year, 5 million square metres of silver mirror production lines and 5 million square metres of low-e energy-efficient glass production lines and their accompanying deep-processed equipment, and a wealth of deep-processed products, including engineering products (steeled glass, low-e glass, medium-space energy-efficient glass, laminated glass, etc.), home glass (decorated mirror-typed)
In terms of income, the company's business income is derived mainly from glass products.
Sales, of which the share of light glass camp was about 70%; the remaining 3% was mainly the contribution of other glass products (floating tiles, home glass and engineering glass). 18 years of sales of light glass generated 2,096 million yuan, or 68% of the company’s total.
In 2017 and 2018, as a result of the low price of glass, the share of light glass contributed to 73 per cent and 70 per cent. 2. The double-faced trend contributed to high demand growth, and the longline expansion pattern continued to strengthen 2.1. Photovoltaic glass: one of the essential components of the photovoltaic component.
The main application of photovoltaic glass is the permeable panel in the photovoltaic component. The principle of photovoltaic power is the photovoltaic effect, that is, the use of sunlight to create a difference in the number of places between an uneven semiconductor or semiconductor and different parts of a metal combination. Simply put, through photovoltaic cells, the transformation of photovoltaic energy into electric power.
However, due to the poor mechanical strength of single-body solar photovoltaic cells, which are liable to break; the water and corrosive gas in the air, which gradually oxidize and corrosive electrodes and are unable to withstand the harsh conditions of open-air work; and the working voltage of single-body photovoltaic cells, which are often smaller and difficult to meet the requirements of general electrical equipment, solar battery films are usually enclosed with film.
In the middle of a envelope panel and backboard, it consists of a packaged and in-house-connected, stand-alone, direct-flow electrical output, and an indivisible photovoltaic component. A number of photovoltaic components, reverse transformers, and other electrical fittings form a photovoltaic system.
Batteries can generate more electrical energy; and the higher strength of steel-treated optical glass can make the battery carry subject to greater wind pressure and a larger difference in day and night temperature. Therefore, photovoltaic glass is one of the essential components of a photovoltile component. Photovoltage batteries are divided into crystalline silicon cells and thin film batteries, which differ from one process to another, with crystal silicon cells primarily using pressure.
The crystal silicon light voltage cell is the most technologically mature and widely applied photovoltage cell, with a global market share of photovoltaics remaining at over 80%. To improve the PV conversion efficiency, the crystal silicon light voltage battery requires cover panels.
The protection of crystalline silicon cells is accompanied by a high permeability rate, with steel glass reaching more than 91.5% and plating the plating system exceeding 93.5%. This is a high demand for glass permeability, reflectivity, strength, appearance, and adaptation of photovoltaic batteries.
2.2. Growth in installed capacity + rapid penetration of two-sided power generation components: high demand for photovoltaic glass; low domestic policy ground; high growth in overseas markets; high demand in global photovoltaic markets expected to rise in the next two years; and the start of the season.
In November, the head of the new Energy Department of the National Energy Agency made it clear that it would continue to provide photovoltaic subsidies until 2022, and that it would significantly increase the target of the 13th Five-Year Photovoltaic Construction. In May 2019, the first photovoltaic flat-priced Internet project, known as the Single Fever, had reached a total of 14.78gw, of which 4.5gw was expected to be connected in the course of the year.
On the overseas side, the fall in prices of 531 in 18 years triggered demand elasticity, with a continuation of the high growth trend of 18o4 in the first half of 19 years. According to customs data, the export of domestic components abroad in the first half of the year stood at 32.22gw, a year-on-year increase.
86%. Europe’s market recovery is clear, and demand is strong in Australia, Viet Nam, Japan, etc. Domestic policy reversals have revived market confidence, combined with overall high growth in overseas markets, and global demand is expected to rise by about 49% in 2019-20 to 130gw two-faced power generation units, respectively, compared to the demand for photovoltaic glass for conventional components.
A crystal silicon cell is a double crystallized silicon cell, commonly known as a double-face cell. A two-faced battery covers component is called a two-sided component using a different technology than a conventional component. A two-sided glass with a 2.5 mm thickness is currently used to replace a conventional component of 3.2 mm light glass and a backboard, which, compared to a conventional component, will lead to a light-voltage component.
Glass unit demand increases by 49% (by weight). The advantage of two-sided components provides a better solution for high-quality photovoltaic plants.
Longer, normal component quality assurance is 25 years and dual-faced components 30 years; 3) low decay, with traditional components declining at around 0.7 per cent and double-surface components at 0.5 per cent; 4) glass permeability is almost zero and does not need to take into account the introduction of water vapour into the component; emitting gel hydrolysis; 5) glass is inorganic silicon 2 oxidation, resistant and corrosive more than any other.
(c) The insulation is superior to the backboard, so that the two-faced components can meet higher system voltage to save system costs for the entire power station.
Figure 14: Two-sided components tectonic chart Figure 15: The penetration rate of the two-sided components is expected to increase rapidly in the coming years and the penetration rate of the two-sided components is expected to increase rapidly.
10%. Cpia projects a double-faced component penetration rate of 30% in 2020 and 60% in 2025. Predictable double-face component penetration rates will increase continuously from the following areas: 1) The leader plan drives. In the third group of runners in 2018, the double-faced component became a new pet, with a combined bid of about 2.6gw, or 52%, in technical leadership.
In addition, two-sided components are complementary to the development of these new technologies. In addition, two-sided components are all available.
The US Trade Commission announced a two-faced photovoltaic components exemption from 201 duties (started in February 2018), which means that 25% of the tariffs will be waived when the product enters the US market. The price of the two-faced components has now been charged.
Near normal components, with tariff exemptions, will result in a greater price advantage for two-sided power generation components, which will be significantly increased or even mainstreamed in the United States market. Total demand will be 130/159gw, 20/30%, respectively, and global photovoltaic glass 2019-2020 will be measured.
The total demand will rise from 651 million m2 in 2018 to 862/144 million m2, with a 33 per cent annual compound growth rate. 2.3. Raw materials and fuel power make up a major cost, with low energy consumption in large production lines leading to a cost advantage. At the end of the cost, the main raw material for photovoltaic glass is stone sand and pure alkali, with the main fuel and power being all types of rock.
Oil fuels, natural gas, electricity, etc., these raw materials and fuel power together constitute about 80% of the cost of photovoltaic glass. Overall, the cost of photovoltaic glass is more rigid.
Two sands, of which 60% are pure and 30% are pure. 29.9 million tons a year, there has been a marked increase in the rate of start-up of the pure-alkali market, higher levels of profitability in the industry, higher levels of supply and demand, and higher concentration in the pure-alkali industry, with a stronger voice for large-scale pure-alkali suppliers.
In the case of graphite sand, the country’s quartz sands are generally small in size and dispersed in capacity, more than 1.000 enterprises are engaged in the production of quartz sands, while the production capacity of more than 1 million tons is low, making the quartz sand suppliers less able to negotiate.
We have fewer high-quality low-ferrous ore deposits, mainly in Guangdong, Guangxi, Anhui, Hainan, etc., and, as the energy of non-lumber glass grows, the quality and stable supply of lime ore is a guarantee for the development of light glass enterprises. Figure 19: Domestic heavy-alkali prices (in yuan/tons)
For example, in 2017, for example, the energy-power costs generated per square metre of photovoltaic glass products in Foret were about $7.17, 64 per cent of which came from fossil fuels, mainly heavy oil or natural gas, and about 33 per cent from electricity, of which the back-track processing process had higher electricity consumption.
With regard to fossil fuels, the fossil fuels that are now widely used are heavy oil or liquefied petroleum gas, among which heavy oil is a residual product of refining oil, which is more relevant to the oil industry, which has experienced greater volatility in international oil prices in recent years, and in order to reduce the impact of price volatility for petrocarbons, many companies in the industry, including Fortelle, have begun to develop alternative energy sources.
With regard to electricity, our electricity is provided by the national electricity grid, and the price of electricity is provided by the State Council's Price Administration or authorized by it.
Sector management, government pricing, supply and prices are relatively stable.Figure 20: Fuel costs are mainly fossil fuels and electricity.
The main causes are several: 1) lower energy consumption, the larger the kiln in the production line, the larger the size of the kiln in the production line, the larger the amount of photovoltaic glass fragments and the lower the energy consumption per unit. Moreover, the new 1,000 tons of kilns are fully automated, reducing unnecessary wear and tear. 10-15% less than the cost of 500 tons of kilns; 2) short duration of service, with the short duration of service for the kilns.
The cost is much higher, with the production of more energy losses occurring during the kiln service beyond a certain period of time, with a corresponding increase in unit fuel-power costs; 3) high finished product rates, and a higher rate of finished glass fractions of advanced energy. According to our statistics on companies listed in the industry, one-line manufacturers such as Shinyo, Foley Principal, use more than 500 t/d.
Large kilns with production costs of less than $18/t, and second-line manufacturers with capacity of less than 500 t/d and production costs of more than $20/t. 2.4. Double oligarchy is expected to increase further with cost and size advantages.
Supply-side capacity has grown in an orderly manner. Since 2006 when the international monopoly was broken by the photovoltaic glass produced by Fullet and obtained international certification, China’s photovoltaic glass production has grown rapidly, making it the strongest growth pole in the world’s photovoltaic glass production capacity, which grew rapidly from just 5,500 t/d in 2009 to about 20390 t/d in 2018.
Historically, photovoltaic glass production has grown in an orderly manner, matching demand with low volatility in the price of photovoltaic glass, but since 2018, as demand has fallen short of expectations, downstream purchasing activity has declined, producers have accumulated more stocks, pending further absorption of demand as well as lower prices.
On the supply side, there are about 80% of the world’s photovoltaic battery assemblies using China-produced light glass, while the domestic market for light glass is highly concentrated, and the two leading firms with the highest domestic production capacity have a combination of 6,700 and 3990t (end 2018) of solar melting, respectively.
The main reasons for the high market concentration are three: 1) the large-scale effect of the production of photovoltaic glass is evident and the investment threshold is high. The higher-smelting kiln energy mix is lower, the higher production rate is higher, and the unit production cost has a clear advantage.
Large kilns require a larger initial investment. 1,000 tons of production lines include 1,000 tons of pressure-width lines, packages of processing lines, factories, land, etc., for a total of $100 million. And the new 1,000 tons of production line investment would have been higher than the previous production line of equal size, for reasons such as: 1) more supporting processing lines; 2) durability.
Firebricks are being used for industrial consumption and costs are rising; 3) Cement costs are also rising. 2) Downstream customers are not very sensitive to glass prices, while the time it takes to replace suppliers is more costly to enter the list of suppliers of photovoltaic components and face a wide range of supplier appraisals, testing plants, product testing, certification, small batch trials, medium batch procurement until bulk supply.
It takes longer (six months to one year), so the first firms to enter the market have developed their customer loyalty to brands over many years of long-term partnerships, thus impeding new entrants; 3) there are technical barriers to the industry, which are stringent for light passivity, shock resistance, corrosion resistance, thermal inflation coefficients, high temperature resistance, etc., and exist with common glass.
Figure 25: High concentration in the photovoltaic glass industry, with future increases concentrated in taps, dominated by large kilns, high costs for second- and third-line manufacturers, and poor production capacity. Since 2016, there has been a high demand for photovoltaic components downstream, and high motivation for photovoltaic glass production, which is concentrated.
In 2017-2018, leading companies, such as Shining Light, Fullet, Ginseng Solar, and Rainbow Energy, all registered higher yields. But market enthusiasm has declined since 2017, especially since the introduction of the 531 policy, while small and medium-sized enterprises have invested in a higher threshold of glazing capacity, and are expected to rationalize new production over the next two years, according to our statistics.
In 2020, about 5950 t/d was added to production. In terms of the new production structure, large kiln production became the mainstream, and two 1,000 t/d capacity each from Shining Light and Fullet became the main component of the future increase. In addition, about 13% of the industry ' s output was below 400 tons, and these mini-lines were more expensive and were backward.
The share will be eroded with the production of the tap line, and industry concentration is expected to increase further. Prices of glazing glass have been repaired since November 2018, and are now strong, with supply and demand overall tight in 2019, and prices of q3 end-q4 are expected to rise steadily. Since 2015, despite some volatility in the price of photovoltaic glass, 3.2 mm
By the end of the year to the end of the 18th year, the new light glass capacity was more invested, putting some pressure on its price, with 18o3 light glass prices falling to around $20.5/m2, below the cost line for some small and medium-sized producers. The price of light glass rebounded after the policy reversal in November 18 and is currently at $26.3/m2. As domestic demand started at the end of q3, supply and demand were projected.
3. Cost and scale advantages are strong, and the production cycle is a strong leader 3.1.h+a is listed as a driving factor in the expansion of productive capacity.
In order to further expand the size of the industry, further grasping the concentration of the industry to HK$100 million, of which US$463 million was spent on the light glass project in Viet Nam; and completing a stock listing on February 15, 2019.
In December 2017, June 2018, and April 2019, respectively, the company completed the production of 1,000 t/d luminous glass production capacity in the first to third phases of Angdefrethe.
A further 7290, 9690t will be reached each year. 3.2. Large scale effects, with significant production cost advantages. Corporate photovoltaic glass production costs will decrease significantly with single stoves.
Since then, with the release of large kiln capacity, the company’s production costs have been reduced to around $16.07/m2 in 18 years, and 19q1 has been further reduced to about $16.01/m2, which is low in the industry. On the other hand, companies have a certain price advantage in the purchase of raw materials.
Co-development and interdependent strategic partnerships can ensure a stable supply of raw materials while, to a certain extent, smoothing down the business risks posed to companies by fluctuations in the price of raw materials. On the other hand, as international prices of crude oil and base materials fluctuate, prices of pure alkaline, quartz sand, and petroleum-type fuels fluctuate significantly, to reduce oil-type fuel fluctuations for companies.
The impact of this is that the company installed two systems of oil and gas fuel on glass kilns, optimizing the deployment of natural gas and petroleum-type fuels and reducing fuel costs; and at the same time, intensifying research on raw materials, fuel price trends, making reasonable choices about the timing of purchases, and reducing the impact of price volatility on raw materials. Over the past few years, companies have spent much less on heavy oil and heavy-alkali purchases than on market prices.
Overall, the firm ' s size effect is strong, adding the cost advantage of purchasing raw materials, resulting in a significantly higher rate of gross Maori for the company ' s photovoltaic glass than for its peers. 3.3. Product certification is high, with deep downstream high-quality customers tied down.
Long-term testing of company products has a strong certification and branding advantage. Companies have passed the Iso9001 quality management system and the Iso14001 environmental management system certification, and products have received China 3c certification, Austranos/nzs 2208:1996 standard certification, United States ansiz97.1-2004 standard certification, Europe en12150-1:2000 standard certification,
Spf certified in Switzerland, through the rohs test and svhc test in the United States of America. After more than a decade of sedimentation, the company has developed a well-developed internal quality control system, good product quality, and good product image and visibility in the industry.
The Olympics, the Birds' nest, the 2010 Shanghai Expo theme hall, and so on. Deeply tied down high-quality downstream customers and established long-term, stable partnerships.
The certification by the authority of the mouth country is time-consuming, costly, and downstream is relatively less sensitive to the price of photovoltaic glass, and the replacement of suppliers is more cumbersome, so that once the utility successfully enters the list of qualified suppliers of large photovoltaic components, the partnership between the two parties is stable and sustainable. After many years of development, the company has established a stable marketing channel with a large domestic and international presence.
In 2018, the top five customers sold 1,441 million yuan, representing 47.02 per cent of total annual sales.
The company has two 600t/d high-quality floating glass in its own department. In addition to the photovoltaic glass industry, the company also actively emits floating glass and downstream deep processing production to enrich the product type.
The company has two 600t/d high-quality floating glass products in its department, which are used mainly as raw materials for deep-processed products such as engineering glass, home glass, etc., and which are sold directly to third parties. In 2018, the company collected 157 million yuan (5 per cent) in floating glass sales, compared to the same amount.
Floating glass production rate (%) Deeply processed glass is based on glass from which the glass is processed using physical and chemical methods to produce glass products with new structures, functions or forms, and the company ' s deep processed products consist mainly of home glass and engineering glass
Home glass has the characteristics of small batches, multi-species, heavy design, heavy process, and is classified as environmental mirrors, steel glass, sanded glass, roasted glass, glass only, and not only in buildings, furniture, but also as a reflection of light, transparent cover, but also as a source of beauty, diversity and quality of life.
The company currently produces around 8 million m2, contributing $333 million in 2018, gross (2) engineering glass, which is used mainly in the areas of building doors and windows, glass curtain walls, beauty, safety, energy conservation, etc.
In 2018, the company collected $396 million in engineering glass, representing a rate of 24.64%. Low-e energy-efficient glass is expected to become an important part of future building energy savings.
While the total energy consumption is more than 30%, the construction windows account for 50% of the total energy consumption of the building, and the use of energy-efficient doors and windows in the building can effectively reduce the energy consumption of the building, reduce the country's energy scarcity and meet the country's energy-saving reduction targets.
The demand for energy-efficient glass will amount to 294 million square metres (588 million square metres of the modulus) and 400 million square metres of the modulated glass (800 million square metres) respectively, while the plating glass in the plating glass is currently recognized as a better-performing external window material with a reflection ratio of more than 80 per cent for the medium and far infrared (2.5-25 μm), allowing for indoor heat exposure in winter.
Shooting, reducing heating energy consumption, in turn, can block thermal radiation in the open room and reduce refrigeration consumption in buildings. 5. Profit forecasting and investment recommendation 5.1. Photovoltaic glass production energy release drives performance growth.
1. 67/258/349 million square metres, a small recovery in the unit price of photovoltaic glass, coupled with a small increase in the cost of company production as a result of the new production capacity
The company is the leader of the industry and is growing at a faster rate, enjoying a certain valuation premium of 19 years, 25 times greater, target 1) the output of the company is not as high as expected: part of the company ' s capacity is still under construction, and the volume of these capacity is still in the process 2) market competition is increasing: while building capacity is currently limited, it may be even higher as the price of light glass rebounds.
Multi-capable investments, excessive competition or falling product prices. (3) Downstream demand is not as high as expected: the growth of installed capacity in the photovoltaic sector is echoed by a variety of factors, such as policy and energy prices, and downstream demand is unknown.
4) Risks of fluctuations in raw materials, energy prices: Higher prices of raw materials and energy may pose an anti-dumping risk to the company ' s performance: Overseas markets already have securities investment advisory committees if they apply anti-dumping measures to China ' s photovoltaic glass industry or if they apply anti-dumping measures to the company Hai Dong Oo Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the China Securities Supervisory Board