New Olympic shares (600803), natural gas integration poles, steady growth in volatility 30 November 2022
Keywords: #Integration  Natural gas completes the whole industry chain layout, and good business & managerial competencies drive companies to be robust and develop in the long term. Companies complete New Olympic Energy in 2020 and 2022 (2011-2021)
Injecting 90% of the assets at the cangr and the canglng receiving station to achieve a whole industry of natural gas. The controlr, Wang Yu, has extensive experience; equity incentives fully motivate people; cash flows match capital spending; and good & managerial capabilities drive companies to grow robust and long-term.
Since 2021, as a result of the new crown epidemic and the anti-globalization of trade, international gas prices have risen sharply, inversely with domestic prices, and have led to domestic price increases. The cost of burning corporate gas sources has risen, and sales prices are difficult to adjust in a timely manner.
Losses result; industry leaders maintain relatively stable price differentials. No more gas sales than industry in the period 2018-2021, with market share rising from 3.9% in 2011 to domestic gas taps in 2021, with significant advantages for upstream and downstream integration. 1) Large upstream resource pools
The price gap is stable. In 2021, 84% of the company’s domestic resources and 16% of external and non-conventional resources, amounting to 30 billion m/year; active international resource expansion, up to 2022 q3, cumulatively growing by about 7.14 million tons in the year in hand, low-price & low-volatility index to lower gas cost,fob
The model enhances resale flexibility. 2) Medium- and middle-stream storage is well-established. Companies actively access the resources of the State-run network while building their own assets. 2022q3 captures the company ' s gas storage capacity of 650 million parties.
One of the six major companies at the receiving station, and the capacity of the receiving station at the canyon is growing year by year, with three drops, from 750 to 10 million tonnes/year after delivery. Pipeline 3: the company owns its own pipeline.
The company’s customer type & project is of high quality, retail gas is non-resident, more than 80% of customers, single-city gas is sold in industry number 3, and gas use is increasing year by year, with guaranteed affordability. In the integrated energy business, the company uses natural gas and a variety of renewable energy sources.
Combining to increase potential natural gas users; developing high-quality customers such as industry, parks, etc., and further raising the ratio of high-level non-resident customers. Gas installation, in collaboration with the main industry, promotes a steady increase in the overall gas volume; and engineering, construction of layout hydrogen energy technology, enabling industry chain extension & gas access.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: companies complete the injection of the New Olympic energy and canoe receiving station to achieve a full industrial chain layout; companies take the lead in a volatile global energy situation, with strong upstream air access, middle-stream storage resource allocation and downstream high-quality distribution channels.
1.1. Asset restructuring builds up an integrated upstream/downstream industrial chain, equity buy-backs motivate core talent Two asset restructurings are completed and the gas industry has been set up on a full-scale landscape.
Since 2011, the company has been expanding its operations, focusing mainly on natural gas, coal, methanol, etc.. In 2018, the country's first large private lng receiving station, the Choshan lng receiving station, was successfully launched; in the following year, the company removed its pesticide, veterinary medicine business; and in 2020, the company entered the country.
Reassembly of assets and acquisition of 32.8% of New Olympic energy and holding of shares; acquisition of 90% of ownership of the lang receiving station in New Olympic Hill in August 2022; and completion of the distribution, trade, storage, production, engineering, etc. of the natural gas industry as a whole. Prior to the reorganization of assets, the company’s business was mainly concentrated on coal, methanol, and engineering; and two asset weights.
After the group, the company acquired strong resource mobilization capacity, natural gas distribution channels and downstream customer resources with the help of the New Olympic shares and the Naoyama receiving station, bringing together the entire industry chain, and moving to a position of “innovative clean energy up and down-stream leading enterprise”.
For the month, Wang Yushu is the real owner of the company, holding 45.69% of the company's shares in gas investment and management through New Olympic International, New Olympic Holdings, Hebei Weiwei, Portrait Investment, and New Olympic Science and Technology Development.
With more than 30 years of experience, as Chairman of the Corporation since November 2008, the hands-on industry is experienced and guarantees the motivation of top managers and core cadres of the company to contribute to the long-term development of the company.
1.2. The position of the natural gas industry is highlighted by the steady profitability of the company ' s business structure after the acquisition of New Olympic energy, and natural gas became the main industry. In 2019, the three largest companies ' revenues were: chemical trade, engineering and energy industries, which together accounted for 77 per cent of the total, and companies sold their veterinary assets the same year.
In 2020, companies acquired new energy sources, expanded downstream natural gas distribution channels and integrated energy services. In 2021, companies earned $11.6 billion, an increase of 31.7 per cent over the same year, with natural gas (retail, wholesale and direct sales) receiving up to 75 per cent of the total, becoming corporate owners. In 2021, companies returned $4.1 billion in net profits to their mothers.
This represents an increase of 94.7% over the same year, mainly in the direct sale of natural gas, coal, and so on. The gross profit ratio of the natural gas sales business has remained above 10% over the years, rising from a year to year, reaching the sum of the company’s gross gross Māori in 2021 and 36% of the company’s total Māori.
Ten years of income & net return profits in 2021 were 20 per cent, and the growth in the outer extension & endogenous growth was accompanied by the firm ' s position as a natural gas owner after the acquisition of energy in New Olympics.
Figure 9: New Olympic energy revenues & net return profits, 2011-2021. Cost controls have been effective and profitability has increased steadily. The company ' s Māori ratio has fluctuated from 17% to 17% in the last three years, with a slight increase in the net profit rate, with a net interest rate of 9.1% in 2021 and a significant reduction in financial costs in 2020.
Cash flows match capital spending well to promote firm robust growth. In 2020, companies bought 32.8% of New Olympic energy, connected natural gas up and down the chain of industries, acquired 82.5% of the new phoenix in 2021, and reduced the company’s outsourcing of methanol logistics.
In addition, the company’s continued capital expenditure on energy distribution (connectivity construction, urban combustion acquisitions, general energy) remained at around $8 billion between 2020 and 2021. The combination of energy quality gas operations in the New Olympics brought sufficient cash flows to the company’s operations, which remained at over $12 billion in 2020-2021, slightly above capital spending.
Achieving a good match between cash flows and capital spending and promoting firm expansion. Figure 13: Corporate capital expenditure (billions) 2019-2021. 2. Domestic gas poles, with significant advantages of upstream and downstream integration
Domestic and foreign gas prices fluctuate, leading companies operate robustly. In 2021, the new coronary pneumonia epidemic and the reverse globalization of international trade were combined with volatile energy prices; in 2022, the global epidemic continued to be repeated, influenced by factors such as demand-supply mismatches, extreme weather events, energy transitions, volatile energy prices and a sharp rise in international gas prices, inversed with domestic gas.
The rise in international prices led to higher domestic prices and higher costs for urban gas sources; sales prices were regulated by the Government and difficult to adjust in a timely manner, undermining the performance of some urban gas companies; and leading companies, such as New Olympic shares, maintained relative stability in terms of gas prices, with retail gas prices of the five major cities in the country shrinking by an average of 12 per cent between 2018 and 2021, and New Olympic shares.
The New Olympic shares, as a pole of natural gas, have an advantage in upstream-downstream integration, and are clearly of unique investment value in the current climate of volatile gas prices. The New Olympic shares are rich in natural gas and have a multiplicity of downstream customers.
Direct gas sales, retail gas sales, and distribution of natural gas. Of this amount, gas retailing is directed to end-users (business, residents, automobile gas plants) with three main sources of gas, the main source of which is energy for the New Olympics; direct gas sales are from COAF/current, domestic liquids and non-conventional resources, and the corresponding customers are direct customers, such as industry, power plants, etc., and do not need to be licensed.
Right, operating for New Olympic shares, where prices vary considerably across the world, companies increase direct sales abroad; gas is distributed to supplement retail gas operations, from receiving stations and liquid plants, with customers mainly traders, etc. In the context of rising global gas prices, companies gain access through powerful upstream sources, redeployment of middle-stream storage resources, and below
The volume of natural gas sales has increased year by year, the retail price differential has narrowed slightly, and the direct price differential has increased. The volume of retail gas in the New Olympics grew steadily in 2011-2021 at a higher rate than in the industry, with a firm increase in the volume of gas sold by companies and a further increase in industry prices in 2019-2021.
The price differential for direct sales of natural gas has been rising from 0.16 yuan in 2020, benefiting from worldwide price differentiation, and companies have increased their overseas sales, increasing their direct sales margin to 0.35 yuan.
Figure 24: Gross sales of natural gas by company (2019-2021) 2.1. Large upstream resource pools allow companies to procure flexibly and maintain relative cost stability. Companies deepen domestic gas-source cooperation, with domestic resource pools of up to 30 billion m/year, accounting for 84 per cent of total corporate resources in 2021.
In the case of pipeline gas resources, the company strengthens its strategic cooperation with China Oil, China Pulse, China Sea Oil, and acquires contract gas and incremental gas of up to 20 billion m/year. In the case of domestic liquid and non-conventional gas sources, the company locks in 400,000 tons of inland liquid plants through self-owned, equity-financed and proxy processing; and through commercialization of non-conventional resources such as Xinjiang, Intung, Kawasaka, etc.
In a stable partnership, more than 2 million different/day non-conventional resources were added; 600 vehicles/days of liquid resources (20 tons/car) were acquired through 19 receiving stations in the country, nearly 100 inland liquid plants, and the combined volume of domestic liquid and non-conventional gas sources could reach 10 billion squares/international gas sources, accounting for 16 per cent of the company ' s total resources in 2021.
Gas cost, fob delivery model increases the flexibility of the gas source; at the same time, the company is actively docking off-the-shelf supplies. In 2021, the Ministry of Finance ' s Association of Foreign Ministers supplied 1.44 million tons (about 2 billion) and abroad, about 4 billion. In 2022, the company ' s new multi-bias agreement, which now accumulates 7.14 million tons in hand-years, with a contract of 10-20 years, guaranteed the company ' s international resources.
Stabilization of the pool; delivery of 5.1 million tons in the fob mode and 2.04 million tons in the des mode, allowing companies flexibility to choose the place of delivery to facilitate overseas resale; linkage of the hh/jcc/brent index, which is a low-priced and low-motivated index variety, ensures the stability of the overall purchase price while reducing the cost of the gas source.
In turn, the price of energy is volatile, influenced by the mismatch between supply and demand, extreme weather, and energy transformation. International gas prices are rising sharply, and international prices are rising at the same time as sea and land gas.
Levels. Since 2021, as domestic gas prices have been driven overseas, the prices of medium-sized oil sales have increased by more than 20 per cent and 2022h1 by more than 45 per cent per semi-annual period, while companies have achieved even smaller cost fluctuations through the combination of pipeline gas, liquid plants and non-conventional gas for the three main oils, with semi-annual increases in natural gas purchases contained at less than 15 per cent.
Figure 30: Structure of domestic and foreign gas sources for New Olympic shares (%)
The Division rapidly developed direct gas sales through the resources of the Association of Foreign Ministers, while at the same time reasonably managing the global gas price situation, reselling natural gas through regional price differentials that occurred overseas in 2022. In 2022, direct gas sales rose by a large margin, direct gas sales stabilized by a solid base of middle- and middle-stream storage, and industry positions were further strengthened.
On March 31, 2021, the National Network Group fully completed the consolidation of the assets of China’s oil and gas backbone network, which basically forms a “one network for the whole of the country.” The resources of the Central and Central Cruise Network are fully and fairly accessible to third parties, and the National Network opens pipelines and gas reservoirs.
The mechanism for applying for the Hong and lng receiving station windows has eased the situation in the three major oil companies for a long period of time. The company is a member of the five major gas groups that manage their operations across the region, has an industrial chain advantage, currently has a higher quota, and has a strong position in the industry in conjunction with the construction of their own medium-sized facilities.
National currency 23 gas reservoir service requests & own gas capacity-building to enhance the company’s core competitiveness. According to the approval of the q3 reservoir in 2022, published by the national network group, companies received 17,84 million, or 3%, of the total number of approved services, ranking fourth in the industry and third in the row of three oils; at the same time, the company’s own gas capacity has gradually increased, and up to and including
2022q3 has reached 650 million, or 1.75% of the company’s gas sales in 2021. The reservoirs can solve the problem of the time dimension of the gas transport ring, increase the capacity of the reservoir to stubble, help companies build stable and price-competitive pools, and step up the firm’s core competitiveness.
The company's air resources are better managed by the National Network Receiving Stations (NCNs). According to the National Network Group's 2022 use of the q3lng Reception Station, the company has access to the State Network's Shenzhen Leng Receiving Station (Dipford), with a total service of 20.5 million tonnes, or 0.67%, and is ranked fifth in the industry, with three major oils.
By the end of 2021, lang had a capacity of 306.4 million tonnes per year, 31% of the country ' s total, and was operated by three major oils; 79% of the country ' s ng receiving stations were operated by three large oils. The company was one of the six major companies with lang stations operating in addition to the three oils and owned by the company.
Pilot operations began in June of the year, three projects were approved on March 15, 2022, and the long-term overall processing capacity is expected to exceed 10 million tons. We expect that the three phases will be completed by 2025, when the receiving station will have a capacity of 133% by the end of 2021.
Reducing pipeline costs and taking advantage of upstream/downstream integration. Figure 38: NMN 2022q3 receiving station service volume (tonnes)
Shell energy, China Sea Oil, China Oil.
The approved National Pipeline Quotas & Self-Owned Networks have been raised from year to year, with a solid medium-sized transport base. In 2022, q3 was approved to lose one, two, three lines to the west, the Oran End Line, the Guangdong Province Gas Main Pipe Network, Xingking I, two and three pipelines, and the total number of services reached 51,899 million, or 1.6 per cent, and ranked in the transport quota.
At the end of the year, 72,849 kilometres were reached, and the share of self-owned pipelines in the country increased from year to year, reaching 6.42% by the end of 2021.
The company’s gas retailing operations are mainly aimed at commercial and industrial users, auto gas stations, and residential users; of these, the sum of gas sales by businesses and car gas stations accounts for more than 80% of total gas sales, and the prices acceptable to such users are higher, and the government limits are higher than those available to resident users and guarantee public access.
In a horizontal comparison of the five major cities in the country, we find that non-resident users of the company have a significant advantage over the energy supply of Kunlun. In terms of the quality of the project, the company's individual retail gas volume is ranked third in line, and the volume of gas used by the individual project is increasing year by year. By the end of 2021, the company had 49%,
Sixty-four per cent of the urban combustion projects are located in the top five and top ten regions of the country, respectively; the stock of users of the population is more stable, the population that continues to flow is able to generate a demand for additional gas, and the volume of retail gas for individual urban combustion projects is steadily increasing as the population ' s gasification rate increases and the industry ' s gas conversion is advancing.
In its integrated energy business, companies are actively integrating natural gas with a variety of renewable sources of energy, building industrial synergies and increasing potential users of natural gas, based on a general energy concept based on renewable resource endowments such as local wind, light, geothermal, biomass, etc.
The company’s integrated energy business focuses on a focused business scene, focusing on high-quality clients such as industry, parks, and factories, and relying on integrated energy business companies to further increase the share of non-resident customers. The company uses the concept of industrial synergies to complement and prioritize the development of high-quality households, taking advantage of the configuration of integrated energy operations.
The gas installation operation, in collaboration with the main industry, promotes a steady increase in the overall gas volume. Engineering operations include engineering construction and gas installation; engineering construction operations, i.e. companies offer customers in the areas of natural gas, hydrogen energy, chemicals, medicine and low-carbon and digital intelligence to build holistic solutions throughout the life cycle of the project; gas installation operations, for companies, to residents and business users.
By providing gas-use-related installation and pipeline-building services, business users usually start using gas in the second year, increasing the amount of gas sold by companies, while residents start using gas as soon as the installation is complete, thereby contributing to steady growth in the volume of gas sold by companies. New Olympic energy co-edits, with more than 50% of the gas installed, increase the Māori rate of water in the overall engineering business.
Private user installation fees are maintained at $2,500 per household, gas installation operations work in conjunction with natural gas retail operations while generating revenue for companies, increasing the volume of corporate gas sales.
In addition, since 2011 the company has been undertaking hydrogen-related engineering projects covering all mainstream hydrogen-generation pathways, such as gas-based hydrogen and electrolytic hydrogen, and extension of the industrial chain;
Figure 56: Progress in hydrogen energy layout (up to 2022q3)
14 patented technologies, 21 mature projects applying Ing projects: 4 lng receiving stations, 10 lng liquefied plants, forward-looking research and experiments
The country's first major gas cracking, the Stone Manor Hydrogen Energy Laboratory.
Hydrogen production technology, natural gas pipelines at Stonehenge House, industrial by-product hydrogen gas.
Hydrogen transfer experiments Multiple engineering projects undertaken by the company Hydrogen energy projects: 39 hydrogen projects experience, covering all mainstream hydrogen pathways
We're all applying the coal-gas-based hydrogen technology of the fireplace.
Liaoning gas hydrogen production project (12 million squares/year) CO2486 million tonnes/year emission reduction carried out in cooperation with 718 ships in China
Project on hydrogen for coal-fired stoves in Henan (H2M/year)
The company has its own coal mining rights, and the production capacity has steadily increased. The company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, the Newly Capable Mining Company, owns the King of Inner Mongolia.
In May 2019, the Inner Mongolia Energy Agency approved an increase in the production capacity of the Crown Tower coal mine from 6.8 million tonnes/year to 8 million tonnes/year; according to the company's performance in the first three quarters of 2022, the company will be able to sell coal on a daily basis.
The material reveals that the company’s coal production capacity is increasing steadily, and we expect to increase to 10 million tons per year in 2025. Corporate coal sales are growing steadily, and coal prices are rising in the context of energy security.
In terms of prices, 1) the recovery of coal prices affected by the epidemic in 2020 has been slow and has declined slightly. 2) In 2021, the economy gradually recovered, global energy demand has increased substantially, and coal demand has grown beyond expectations: domestic coal production firms in the first three quarters of 2021 coordinated control of the epidemic and increased production coverage, but
We expect coal prices to remain low on a high basis, guided by policies to boost production supplies, to provide orderly substitution, and to establish reasonable pricing. Coal is a source of energy security for the country.
Key policies in the coal sector in 2022 (up to 2022m10) Integrated energy services and marketing: high rate of growth in combined energy sales, 2022-2024, respectively
Engineering and installation: historical data on the number of connections between businesses and residents, with installation costs for residential works at around 2500 yuan/household. Energy chemical industry: company methanol production capacity of 1.2 million tons/year. Company operating with general energy concept, methanol and day
The company has completed the infusion of the assets of the New Olympic Energy and Ark Hill receiving station to achieve the full-industry distribution of natural gas; In the face of the volatile global energy situation, the company uses powerful upstream sources of gas to access, the redeployment of resources from medium-stream storage and downstream advantages The epidemic continues to affect the risk of economic activity: if the outbreak continues, domestic economic activity is limited and energy needs downstream.
Risks to safe operations: where inadequate protection measures lead to safety accidents in the company ' s coal mines, the company ' s coal production will decline significantly, affecting the company ' s coal business revenue; natural gas is flammable and explosive, such as explosions during storage processes.
As a result, there will be an impact on the company’s production and operation. The risk of exchange rate fluctuations: companies have a residual dollar debt, which is influenced by the global economic and political situation, and there is a potential for future fluctuations in the renminbi’s exchange rate against the dollar, with a certain risk of exchange rate fluctuations.
Three major financial forecasts for the New Olympics shares.