The company’s main business is the production and sale of modern coal-based products. The company’s main business is divided into three branches, namely, the Fryon Products Division, the Caramel Products Division, and the Fine Industries Division. (1) the FryC Products Division, which produces mainly polyethylene, polypropylene and acetylene by-products; (2) the Caramel Products Division, which produces mainly coke and coal cokering by-products; and (3) the Fine Chemical Products Division, which produces mainly hydrogen concentrate products, kerosene by-products.
The Ningxia Autonomous Region, the City of Sinakawa, and the Ningdong Energy Chemical Base Commission have successively launched a series of major policies to improve the investment climate and accelerate industrial development.
(2) The company is located at the Ningxian East Energy Chemical Base, located in the heart of China's energy-chemical gold triangle (Ningxiandong, Shaanxi and Uldos in Inner Mongolia), and is rich in coal resources. The coal resources buried deep below 2,000 m are 1.4 trillion tons, or 25.5 per cent of the country's total coal resources; 351.4 billion tons of coal resources have been identified, or 18.1 per cent of the country's total identified coal resources; 65 per cent of the region's total area of coal contains coal.
The company introduced and absorbed a number of state-of-the-art technology technologies in the construction of projects. The company and the Chinese Academy of Science and Technology, the University of China, the University of China, and the University of China.
Research institutes such as Tianjin University, Huanan Polytechnic University, Beijing Chemical Research Institute and others have established cooperative relationships to use the technical advantages of their partners to upgrade their technological capabilities, to focus on solving the current technical challenges facing companies and to build a technological reserve for their future development. (4) In building master plans and technology routes in the park, companies adhere to the principle of integrated use of pollutants and meeting target emissions, and to burn stoves.
The production of methanol in conjunction with coal-based gas reduces emissions from the use of methanol for gas transport and for the recovery of the tailings of vinyl hydrocarbons. The use of circulatory boilers capable of burning coal, peat and sulfur reduces emissions from solid waste. In production operations, improved environmental management mechanisms have been put in place to incorporate environmental protection indicators into overall budget management, strict control over pollutant emissions and components, ensuring the steady operation of environmental facilities, and reduction of “triple waste” emissions.
In the six months following the report, securities have increased or declined in relation to the 300 index. This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities.
The accuracy and completeness of the information is not guaranteed. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
The information and opinions contained therein shall be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial position and specific needs, and shall consult with professional consultants, as necessary, on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters.