The lithium industry: Lithium-priced companies are under pressure and battery operations are growing steadily by 25.63 per cent; the net profit of the mother is 5,850 billion yuan, a 19.35 per cent decrease in the same year; and the deduction is made of 1,288 million yuan in investment earnings, mainly from fair value changes in financial assets.
This is mainly the result of a fair change in the value of the financial assets held in the current period. In operational terms, the impact of factors such as a slight 2023h1, stock management, and anticipated changes in demand has led to an overall downward trend in the price of lithium salt in the country.
The lithium industry: 21 filaments, thick hairs, the average price of lithium hydroxide in the country was 27.35 million yuan, down 44.6 per cent from the same year, down 41.1 per cent from the ring; in addition, the company ' s overseas operations accounted for 43.46 per cent of the total, according to which the company mainly exports lithium hydroxide products.
The lithium industry: q4 achieved over-expected growth in China ' s customs data, 2023q2 domestic exports of lithium hydroxide at an average price of $51,000 per ton, equivalent (2022.01.25)
The RMB is 352,000 yuan per ton, and the company is expected to benefit from the dividends from the higher lithium prices abroad.) (ii) Lii: The Lithium industry: the performance of q1 has increased significantly in tandem with the lithium price. 2023h1 company lithium salt operations have increased by 13.01 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of the same increase in production and sales;
Lithium Industry: Continue to strengthen vertical integration strategies 24.12% Māori, down by 44.25% pct, mainly due to lower lithium prices, leading to a decrease in Māori by the same year. Lithium battery operations performed badly during the same period, generating $4.08 billion, an increase of 117.31% over the same period.
The lithium industry: integrated and synergetic development runs through the whole industry, with an increase of 4.14 pct to 19.41%.
According to mtmarion, sales of 2023q2 lithium concentrates were valued at $2589/t (3.7% of grade), and the cost of lithium carbonate was approximately $298,000/t, which increased the company’s performance. Moreover, the company’s financial assets generated a net gain on fair value changes due to higher equity prices in pilbara
One hundred and fifty million yuan, an increase of 580 per cent in the ring ratio. But the company lost its stock due to the fall in lithium prices, and the acquisition of the new surplus mine held a 90 per cent stake in the pine-coated tantalum mine project: the company acquired 70 per cent of the share in the gabos tantalum mine through the purchase of the gold mine, and the construction of the project is about to be completed;
The first lithium carbonate products were produced from the cauchari-olaroz Salt Lake under the banner, with an estimated 40,000 tons of production capacity expected to reach design capacity by 2024; the Australian mtmarion lithium project was extended to 900,000 tons/year and is climbing the slopes.
The total amount of resources is 79.1 million tons lce, of which equity resources are 4,785 million lce.
Through the global deployment of resources, companies should be provided with long-term high-quality, stable raw materials for building No. 1 of the 9th House of Gospel Street, in Beijing City West Side, while the cost advantage of the raw materials also increases the profitability of the company.
A vertically integrated business model that enhances the synergy of business plates. Corporate operations cut across upstream lithium resource development, middle- and middle-stream lithium salt deep processing and metal lithium smelting, downstream lithium cell manufacturing and decommissioned lithium cell combined recovery, and business plates effectively synergize, thereby enhancing corporate operations
Efficiency and profitability. With the market and technical advantages of lithium production, the company has expanded its upstream operations to lithium resource development, downstream operations to battery manufacturing and recycling, and has effectively enhanced the company’s competitiveness through the closure of the lithium ecological chain. The company currently owns seven major metals, lithium and lithium amalgamation.
Production bases, 6 lithium cell bases and 1 lithium battery recycling base; of which the lithium salt is the main tonnage. At the same time, the company is planning to develop a lithium product of at least 600,000 tons annually by 2030, based on future market demand changes and assessment of lithium products.
Battery output expands rapidly, creating a second growth pole. The company’s lithium cell business covers five or more major categories of batteries: consumer batteries, \triangleright polymers, solid lithium cells, lithium power cells, storage batteries, etc.
Products, currently designed to produce 2.06 billion batteries in category 3c, with a total power + storage cell capacity of 20 gwh; and a total capacity of 51 gwh for lithium batteries currently being planned and under construction.In battery recovery, the company has produced 70,000 tons of decommissioned lithium ion batteries and metal scrap combined.
The collection capacity, of which the combined recovery rate of lithium is more than 90%, and the recovery rate of nickel and cobalt metal is more than 95%, makes it one of the top companies in the battery recovery industry in the first three sectors.
Lithium battery recovery capacity is expected to reach 30 per cent of the company’s total lithium capacity. Profit forecasting and investment rating: subject to industry procurement strategy, inventory management, expected changes in demand, etc. \triangleright
The factors influence the downward trend in lithium prices as a whole this year, and taking into account the progress of the company's overseas projects, we lower the price of lithium in 2023 and the overall sales assumptions for the company's products. We expect the public to take into account the progress of the company's lithium resource and lithium salt production, as well as the expansion of lithium batteries downstream.
Risk factors: mine production is not as high as expected; lithium salt prices have fallen sharply; new smelting can release jobs in booming securities, livelihood securities, and in 2023 will be added to the Sinda. Second place in the 20th edition of the New Wealth Metals and New Materials (core member).
The 19th New Wealth Metals and New Materials Third (Core Member), the 16th Crystalball Award for Non-ferrous Metals, the 10th Wind Gold Score Chen Guanghui, the China-South University Master of Metallurgical Engineering, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in August 2022 for battery metal-related research, Yunn, George Washington University, Master of Financial Science, and the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in March 2020 for aluminium lead zinc and precious metals.
White Purple, a Master of Regional Economics from Gilling University, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2021, and engaged in new components such as light metals such as zirconium and lithium cobalt that were not, were not and would not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical observations or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has approved.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.