Lithium industry (00246.sz) - semi-annual reviews. Lithium resources continue to break through. Lithium battery operations are showing good performance. Lithium product sales: first half of the year, as a result of volatile markets in the lithium industry, lithium electricity downstream customers.
The overall level of production and sales of the company ' s lithium-chemical plate products has been somewhat influenced by factors such as s098020040001 stock level control, from the point of view of the Māori rate: in the first half of this year, in the process of falling lithium prices, as a result of lithium concentrate prices,
Much of the price lags behind the order, so there is a pressure from high-cost stocks of raw materials for the company ' s lithium-produced products, which has led to a certain decline in the Maori rate of lithium-series products compared to the whole year 2022; at the same time, the overall size of the company ' s lithium battery plate has increased rapidly, from the first half of the year.
The achievement of a revenue of $4.085 billion, compared to +1.17.31 per cent, and a further increase in the Māori rate reflect the advantages of the corporate integrated layout, which continues to break out of the closed lithium ecosystem.
Upstream lithium resources: the 23h1 end of the resource continues to achieve a breakthrough of 1 to complete the acquisition of the new surplus mining stock, which currently holds 90 per cent of the stock of the new surplus mine and the pine tartanium mine project; 2 completes the acquisition of 70 per cent of the Monfin mine, which now holds 70 per cent of the share of the company in the Gabus tantalum mine; 3 Argentina cauchari lithium
The Salt Lake project has produced the first lithium carbonate products;4 the Australian mtmarion lithium quartz project has been extended to 900,000 tons/year of lithium concentrate and is now on the climb of production capacity.
The production capacity of lithium salt products, based on long-term development planning, is planned to accelerate the capacity-building of lithium salt production, which by 2025 would have resulted in a total annual production capacity of 300,000 tons of lce lithium salt and a total annual production capacity of not less than 600,000 tons of lce lithium salt by 2030.
Lower Lithium Batteries: The company has now achieved high-profit growth in the Lithium industry (002460.sz) and Chongqing in Shinyu, Donggu, Ningbo, Su, Huaizhou, etc., with industry-wide chaining, lithium cell development and production bases. The lithium battery business of 23H1 continues to develop rapidly, except for the one in Chongqing.
The Lithium Industry (002460.sz) - The three-quarter lithium salt product has increased its prices, and the level of Māori has increased significantly beyond the rapid expansion of the integrated sheeting. We expect that the company’s lithium battery operations will produce an effective capacity of about 20 gwh per year by the end of this year.
The Lithium Industry (002460.sz) — Biannual Review — Lithium Resource Construction is progressing steadily, The Lithium Industry — 002460 — In-depth Report: Lithium Ecosystems in Vertical Integration, new cycle, taking into account the relatively obvious adjustment in lithium salt prices from the beginning of the year to the present, has revised the company's profit projections.
The closed-ring lithium ecosystem has been constructed, with many high-quality lithium resource layouts around the world, and growth is highly desirable, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Companies have a relatively different net profit from non-return in the second quarter of this year.
Figure 2: Corporate net profit returns and increases (in billions of dollars, per cent) in the volume of lithium product produced and sold during the first half of the year due to fluctuations in market demand in the lithium industry and the inventory of lithium electricity downstream customers
The overall level of production and sales of the company ' s lithium plate products has been affected by factors such as horizontal controls, and we estimate the same level of production and sales: in the second half of this year, the company will expand the capacity of the lithium plate and effectively manage its inventory by ensuring that the risks are manageable and that there is sufficient customer demand.
In addition, from the point of view of the Māori rate, in the first half of the year, since the price of lithium concentrates was dominated by long-term orders and there was some delay in the price, there was a high pressure on the company ' s stock of cost raw materials for the deep processing of lithium products, resulting in a level of Māori for the lithium series compared to the year 2022.
At the same time, however, in the course of the overall rapid increase in the size of the company ' s lithium battery plate, a revenue of $4.085 billion was achieved in the first half of the year, compared to 117.31 per cent, and the level of the Māori rate is further higher, reflecting the advantages of the integrated layout of the company, which is more prominent than any other lithium salt company in the country.
In the first half of 2023, the company continued to make a breakthrough at the lithium end: 1 completed the acquisition of ownership in the mining industry and currently holds 90 per cent of ownership in the new mining industry and in the tremor alumni mining project;2
The completion of the acquisition of 70 per cent of the shares in the Montagnard mine, where the company now holds 70 per cent of the shares, and the completion of the Mongum mining project, which will be an important link in the company ' s development of lithium cloud-type resources;3 the first lithium carbonate product produced by the Argentine cauchari lithium salt lake project, which is expected to climb with subsequent capacity and optimize production lines
Battery-grade products will be produced gradually, with the first consignment recently released from the project, with a project phase of 40,000 tons of lithium carbonate production line planned to achieve design capacity by 2024, and the commissioning of the cauchari project will provide a good basis for the subsequent development of the Mariana and pg Salt Lake projects;4 and the expansion of the Australian mtmarion Lithite Project
At the same time, the company announced in its announcement that it had invested in the sonora project in Mexico. In August this year, the Mexico Mining Directorate (dgm) issued a decision to officially cancel its nine lithium concessions to Mexican subsidiaries.
The company and the Mexican subsidiary have now filed an administrative review with the Ministry of the Economy in response to the above-mentioned resolution. Lithium salt deep processing business: the company intends to expand the growing capacity of lithium salt deep processing to meet the growing demand for lithium in order to consolidate the leadership of the lithium product industry.
The production capacity of lithium salt products, in addition to long-term development planning, is planned to accelerate the capacity-building of lithium salt production to produce a total supply capacity of 300,000 tons of lce lithium salt per year by 2025 and a total annual production capacity of at least 600,000 tons of lce lithium salt by 2030.
Lower Lithium Batteries: The company now has lithium cell development and production bases in Nishibu, Ningbo, Su, Huixiang, Chongqing, etc. 2022 is a fast year in which it has been able to deliver more than 6gwh power/storage power and battery storage throughout the year.
The company’s lithium battery business continued to grow rapidly in the first half of the year, with a marked increase in the Māori rate, in addition to the rapid expansion of the collection volume. We expect that the company’s lithium battery business will produce about 20 gwh per year by the end of this year.
The authors ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through sound judgement and conclusion, and that the results of the analysis are consistent with the results of the study.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author