China State Air (60111): Second quarter loss China State Air: 37.660 billion yuan in 2021, an increase of 27.1 per cent in the same year and a net return to the mother
(a) Transport operations for passengers, cargo, mail and baggage; domestic and international service flight operations; aircraft administration operations; aircraft maintenance;
1. The most central factor in relation to the main business is that the domestic market was affected by the epidemic in the second quarter by far less than one quarter, with demand for facial services and air couriers; on-board duty-free goods; and on-board goods
Retail operations; air accident insurance sales agents; better exports and imports. Although the June accident in Guangzhou has had a negative impact on the airline industry, the April-May domestic shipping line was largely undisturbed by the outbreak and demand was fully released.
Highlights for the next 3-6 months: In terms of passenger kilometre earnings and occupancy rates, although there is still a gap over the same period in 19 years, there is a comparison of the one-quarter round debt and cross-equity presentations:
There has been a marked improvement. The number of passengers on the national q2 route is 75.0 per cent, a gap of 7.1 per cent over the same period in 19 years, but an increase of 7.8 per cent over the q1 ring ratio, but the company has not disclosed a single quarter of passenger kilometre earnings, and we estimate that q2 countries have achieved a q2 kilometre gain on the domestic q2 route, with a double increase in passenger and passenger rates.
Investment losses of $230 million, with a significant decline in the ring ratio, are estimated for single-quarter receipts and receipts, and the exchange rate of the renminbi against the United States dollar has actually been raised at the end of the first quarter.
The bulk of the gains were in the second quarter, and air freight prices declined but remained high; the company achieved $4.58 billion in postage revenue in the first half of the year, representing an increase of 9.2 per cent in the same year, mainly an increase of 42 per cent in the revenue ton per ton and a gain of 42 per cent in the revenue ton ton ton.
Despite the same drop in revenue ton-km, air freight prices are still in the air, taking into account the high base under the effects of the epidemic during the same period last year. The impact of the epidemic has led to a sustained pressure on the company’s performance over the next two years: although the company has made a huge effort to reduce the losses, it has made a huge effort to reduce the impact of the epidemic.
In the long run, due to the need for domestic quarantine, the release of international routes will have to be gradual, it will not happen overnight, and the company's loss will be affected.
There is also considerable uncertainty, and we maintain the company’s “neutral” rating. The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, China National Air (601111).
Cao Fung, Bachelor of Mathematics and Applied Mathematics, Master of Financial Mathematics, five years of investment and research experience, was employed at the Open Securities Development Research Centre.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that China National Airlines (601111): The second quarter has exceeded expectations, and the netting ratio has increased significantly, and does not guarantee that the information and advice contained in it will not change. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.