In the first half of the year, 450,000 tons of propane dehydrate stage devices, annual production.
A 150,000-ton polypropylene phase device was successfully put into operation, and the additional energy released significantly improved performance. At the same time, the Māori rate for the main product increased by 6.75 percentage points for the company as a whole.
The unit is well under way in comparison to its 300-year-old trend, even with the 3.2 million tons of petrochemical/young hydrocarbons integrated processing project, which is progressing on a time-node basis.
Approvals: Pre- and inter-bank financing programs of up to $3 billion in non-publicly released equity collections have been considered for adoption by the company’s board of directors, and various financing programs have helped build the Bay of Clouds project. At the same time, the resumption of US-China trade negotiations is expected to benefit much from future purchases of raw materials.
The company currently has 900,000 tons of acrylic (by-product 26 million tons of hydrogen gas), 450,000 tons of polypropylene, 480,000 tons of acrylic acid, 450,000 tons of acrylic acid and 220,000 tons of peroxy water in the chain of c3 industry, which is expected to be productive in the fourth quarter of 19 years.
The company relies on the integration of the c3 industrial chain to be more risk-resistant and the price of its products to be more resilient. At the same time, with the country becoming more environmentally friendly, industry concentration is bound to increase, and the first three companies in the industry are expected to be profitable.
2. Satellite petrochemicals (002648); slightly over-expected performance, acrylic acetylene climate improvement Summary of data projections in corporate financial statements
Yang Xiaohui, “Tian-Eye” 2015: Graduated from Northwestern University, graduate from China Oil University (Beijing) and graduate in chemistry, China, from August 2010 to February 2016.
In March 2016, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities advisory profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding, and sought to be objective, impartial and free from any third party by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions.