Satellite petrochemical (002648): Major performance add-ons for expected plumes to fall into butterflies awaiting satellite petrochemicals.
The company is the country's largest, world-wide producer of the top five acrylic acids, the country's first propane-based producer, c3 billion yuan, an increase of 18.39 per cent, and the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies, $557 million, a ratio
The industrial chain, the ethane fission project is under construction.
The dehydrocylene phase, the 150,000-ton annual polypropylene stage, and the non-public distribution of stocks raised in February and 50,219-11 (planned) billions of yuan, representing a significant increase of 18.39 per cent in reverse in the larger context of acrylic and acrylic acid prices.
The acrylic business contributed 1,397 million yuan, an increase of 90.1 per cent over the same period.
With no more than $2.8 billion in corporate debt released, the advantages of integration have emerged, and the company’s Māori ratio has risen across the board. In the first half of the year, the world’s major economies experienced rising downward pressure, the shadow of China’s trade war with the United States has stagnated, and the lack of demand has led to a rise in crude oil prices.
The price of products such as acrylic and acrylic acid is also low during the first half of the year. The price difference of the first half is $2767 per ton for the first half of the year, which is $531 per ton lower than the 18-year average, but the cost of the postpartum postpartum is higher for the company pdh II, with a slight increase in the Māori rate.
As a result of the explosion, the supply market for acrylic acids is tight, prices for acrylic acids and esters are strong, the price of raw materials is lower, and the company’s integration advantages are evident in the growth of the company’s Māori. It is noteworthy that company sap production continues to improve, product quality and Māori rates increase significantly, contributing to Māori excess in the first half of the year.
c3 The industrial chain continues to be refined and the c2 project is proceeding in an orderly manner. The project is in the construction phase for the first phase of the company’s flat lake base, producing 360,000 tons of acrylic acid and 360,000 tons of acrylic resin per year, and the three-stage device is in the commissioning stage.c The continued improvement of the industry chain will provide stable profit gains for the company.c
Long. Even the ethane fission project at Cloudport Pulse Limited is proceeding in an orderly manner, with the price of ethane cracking in the 40-80/bail zone being the most competitive preparation process for acetic hydrocarbons, to develop and maintain a “strongly recommended” rating.
Eastern financial and intellectual sources, satellite petrochemicals (002648).
East Hing Securities reports that the satellite petrochemicals (002648); the performance increases are in line with the expected feathers to become butterflies.
Liu Woo-joo, Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore; B.A., Finance Engineering + Law, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Space, cfa.
Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering, Master of Industrial Catalytic and Reaction Engineering, University of Qinghua, 3 years of experience in chemical engineering, research in chemical industry since 2015, research assistant profile, Ro 4-D
B.A. in Chemical Engineering, University of Qinghua, PhD in Chemical Engineering, University of Ohio, United States, cfa, three years of experience in chemical industry. Many leading international academic journals, with 5 national and foreign patents and more than 10 papers signed by leading international academic journals, have been cited almost 1,000 times cumulatively. B.A. in Chemical Engineering, Beijing Polytechnic University, Master in Chemical Engineering, University of Tulsa, United States, four years of experience in overseas chemical industry, joined Dongxing in May 2018.
Xu Kunlen Benko and M.A. both attended the Department of Chemical Engineering at the University of Qinghua and worked at the China Petroleum Chemical Research Institute, three-year experience in the management of chemical technology development, and click here to enter text.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.