The new capital core beneficiary, the fast-growing track, analyzer, Song Zi Ho.
\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright Key financial indicators are at an all-time high and performance is gradually releasing into a fast-growing path: public
The rate of net profit for the mother and the Māori for the sale was all higher in the same period in history. The year-on-year ratio for the 02 season was +49.62 per cent (the highest single season in nearly 10 years), the ring ratio + 63.10 per cent, and the year-on-year net return was sustainable. The company had excellent cost control capacity, with costs in the first half of the year.
Net profits, R & D inputs were fully costed, with a very high level of performance. In addition, stock at the end of the period grew by 371.46 per cent over the same period, mainly because of the implementation of the new revenue guidelines affecting the new capital depth, and the robust scale of the main business: corporate intelligence focus.
The two major markets for creating and intelligent cities are actively expanding the business directions of the industrial Internet platform and the new generation of information infrastructure. The size of the company’s main business during the reporting period has grown steadily, benefiting from the guidance of the country’s new infrastructure policy and from the strong market demand of the digital economy.
In terms of income structure, (1) in the first half of the year, software development and engineering services completed the completion of the collection and inspection part of the project, resulting in a corresponding increase in revenues and profits. (2) outsourcing of services realized revenue collection (US$1.17 billion, compared to +31.61 per cent), and the ratio of revenue received (34.27 per cent),
The main benefits are the increase in the number of hangars on board of the company's Treasure Cloud IV project, with a corresponding increase in revenue and profits in the current period compared to the same period last year. (3) System integration yields (35 million yuan, corresponding to 40.32 per cent) and Māori (10.06 per cent, 3.94 pcts).
The impact on companies of the decline in the IOS and Māori rates has been minimal, as the ratio of revenues to the two R & D + S outsourcing operations has been close to 99 per cent. A continuation of the R & D strategy has resulted in a sustained increase in per capita income-generating capacity: corporate R & D investments during the reporting period
Intake ($308 million, +18.26 per cent), higher than the operating cost increase of 4.07 pcts, maintaining the highest rate of increase in all four costs.
In the first half of the year, we expect that the capacity of companies to generate income per person will continue to improve. Under the strategic guidance of scientific research, companies will strengthen research and application of core technologies such as clustering, artificial intelligence, cybersecurity, 5g+ iron and steel manufacturing, with a focus on the development of a demonstration of the Iron Interconnection Platform (the high furnace), through the creation of an Internet based on the steel industry, large numbers.
According to the Iron Interconnection Control Platform for Artificial Intelligent Applications, which effectively integrates the iron processing expertise of steel plants, promotes standardization, numeric, intelligent iron refining, improves productivity efficiency and safety compliance, helps enterprises achieve efficiency gains, process re-engineering and management Smart manufacturing + cloud services, with clear directions for future development: during the reporting period, the company established the Industrial Internet Research Institute/Great Data Centre
Actively explore the path of the evolution of the steel and steel architecture to the industrial Internet “crowd edge” synergetic architecture; continuously develop and improve the industrial interconnection platform iplat with the industrial ecological platform eplat to facilitate the full integration of research and development with business; and promote the development of the “brain-and-thought” 5s large data technology component to support demonstration projects related to large data centres.
With the current occupancy of most of the housing units in the 4th stage 3rd floor, the project has continued to climb up, effectively promoting efficiency and release. Under the guidance of the Treasure Cloud Industrial Development Plan, the core regional resource reserves, priority area planning leadership, and regional market development have been developed. The focus has been on the implementation of the 5th phase of the Treasure Clouds, and the U Jianli.
Projects such as industrial parks, Maysan bases, and so forth, are actively developing the layout of Circumpolar nodes. Smart manufacturing + cloud services, two-wheel-drive future development investment proposals: we believe that Bosin software benefits from new capital trends in depth, and smart manufacturing + cloud service business development is in a clear direction. Corporate operations are entering a fast-growing growth path for the benefits to be released, and future growth is more certain.
Avic.