On August 19, 2020, the company published its semi-annual report, which generated business income of $3.414 billion, which is a year-on-year increase.
21.24 per cent; net return of 659 million yuan, an increase of 67.73 per cent over the previous year; positive performance of the company, with higher net return of the company. 21.24 per cent growth in the company ' s 2020h1 battalion, 65.64 per cent increase in net profit of the company, with higher performance benefiting mainly from two aspects:
1) Full delivery of the 4-phase project in March, with the total number of aircraft racks increasing to more than 27,000.
31.6% Māori compared to 49.97%, an increase of 4.45pct over the same period last year. 2) Corporate software operations receive 2. " High-growth certainty double-dip tap-breathing software changes in recognition guidelines to confirm the project ' s overall revenue upon completion of receipt and inspection " . During the reporting period, software development component
The project was completed and received at a rate of 26.65 per cent, an increase of 17.97 per cent compared to the same period last year. idc's operation expanded the national map, steel information opened the market space. The company organized a combination of group advantages, and now the corporate idc model has been replicated in the cities of Wuhan, Nanjing, etc.
In January 2020, Bo's Nankingmeyama base was launched. The Bokwu Group consolidated the acquisition of Ma Steel Group, Chongqing Steel, and the company's software service from the mother-in-law.
The third-party idc manufacturer, with the first-line urban resource advantage, remains the preferred investor. The idc has typical industry features of “high energy consumption, no pollution, low employment, low taxation,” with first-line urban energy consumption, environment, etc.
The core urban energy consumption targets in Beijing, wide, deep, and Hang remain stringent, and we conclude that the tightness of the idc policy in front-line cities will be the norm, and that the competitive advantage of the idc manufacturers with resource advantages and reserves in and around first-line cities will become more pronounced in the future, keeping an eye on corporate development prospects.
The demand for Internet vendor idc is not as high as expected; the informationization expenditure in the steel industry is not as high as expected; and the pace of corporate idc construction is uncertain.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment