Net profits kept growing high and idc operations expanded - Treasure letter software (600845) reported mid-2020. Treasure letter software released mid-2020, with companies earning $3.415 billion in the first half of the year, adjusted from 2019.
The latter increased by 21.24 per cent, from $2.208 billion in operating income from software development and engineering services, $1,170 million in operating income from out-of-service packages and $35 million in operating income from system integration. The company realized a net profit of $659 million attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 67.73 per cent over the same period; and net operating cash inflows were realized.
The net profits of the company maintained high growth and were structured around the new capital. The efficiency of the company’s operations increased significantly during the reporting period, with the net profits rising at a rate of rapid growth in operating income. On the basis of a 93.04% increase in net profits in 2019, the reported net profits grew at 67.73% in mid-2020.
During the reporting period, with the continued addition of new infrastructure, the corporate focus on intelligence, manufacturing and smart city operations, the consolidation of high-quality development strategies, the establishment of the Industrial Internet Research Institute/Grands Centre, and the active expansion of the two main business directions of the industrial Internet platform and the new generation of information infrastructure.
By virtue of its advantages in the area of iron and steel informatization, the industry has been consolidated through the successful signing of a number of priority projects. In the area of orbital transport operations, combating the effects of the epidemic, actively promoting the construction and application of a new intelligent subway solution, “3+1” – building on its own product system – has set up models in Chengdu, Nanning, Chongqing, etc.
During the reporting period, the value of the company's construction work was 85.90% lower than at the end of the previous year, mainly because most of the rooms in the 4th stage 3 building were in service.
The six-month-old project has continued to climb, maintaining high performance; and building on the consolidation of the Shanghai Lodge base, the orderly development of a core regional resource reserve, focused regional planning leadership, and the development of regional markets.
Yu, focussing on the implementation of projects such as the 5th edition of the Treasure Cloud, the Wu Yu Industrial Park, and the Maysan base, actively developing the layout of the roundabout nodes.
We appreciate the company's development opportunities under the new capital, and the company's expected revenue in 20/21/22 will be tax-free in Fukuda, Shenzhen.
One hundred million yuan, plus 101, 1.22 and 1.57, respectively, corresponds to a collection of 69.88 yuan on 24 August, while the Chengdu China (Sichuan) Free Trade Tests, p. 69.48, 57.36 and 44.60 times, respectively, maintain an “upper” rating.
This report is presented independently and objectively, using legally compliant information. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be.
The company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving this report, and has no direct business agreement with the company. The reader is not a client of the company, and the company does not have proper responsibility.
The report is based on information that the company considers to be reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which are subject to change without notice.
The company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the opinions, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values, and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. For other professionals in the company (including but not limited to salesmen, traders), based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance, this document contains analytical comments or trade views that are not consistent with this report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up on the corresponding updates or modifications.The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are only for the information of investors and not for the purchase or sale of securities or their sale.
This view, the proposal, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, the financial situation and the specific needs of the persons to be covered by this report, and consults with any professional financial consultant in the areas of finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of future relevant studies in this report and the Division. The company and the author will not bear any of the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.