Treasure letter software (600845): idc's business is on board, climbing up the slopes, long-term business growth, Treasure letter software.
The company published its semi-annual report for 2020, where it achieved 2020h1 and it is a listed software company with shares in steel and steel. The company’s product and service performance ranged from steel to traffic, medicine to steel.
Several industries, such as the chemical industry, equipment manufacturing, finance, public services and water and water services, have continued to strengthen intelligent cities, with a 40.11 per cent increase in net operating cash inflows amounting to 800 million.
In line with developments in industry and technology, full coverage of cloud computing, data centres (idc) and the delivery of the 4th phase of the Treasure Cloud 3 building has been achieved, and the climb rate has quickly increased to take stock of the company's future idc business development.
Most of the products and services related to big data, humanization, industrial robotics, and networking, which have developed over the years and become China's leader, have been delivered for the purpose of customizing the engine room project for the telecommunications company.
The first industrial software industry application solutions and service offers bring together a number of business units that were physically dispersed through the network.
Highlights for the next 3-6 months: Treasures. Based on the production of all containers in the Four Stages, the company currently owns about 30,000 cabinets, and the idc is expected to contribute about 1.9 billion business and 600 million net profits to the company after completion.
In the future, the company will focus on the implementation of projects such as the five-phase plan, the Wu Yu Industrial Park and the Maysan base, which has been built by China to build the Jiangsu courtyard.
The two-track layout of the smart-making + smart city, and the increase in the volume of information-based operations can be expected to result from the first implementation of the revised revenue guidelines in 2020, in which revenue from software development is recognized from the change in the acceptance point from the percentage of completion progress.
The completion of the project for the distribution and engineering services component increases overall revenue profits. We believe that, thanks to years of technological advantage in the construction of iron and steel information, the public sector is now extending its clients to the outside of the group, and that the increase in the volume of its information services is still within reach.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: We're looking forward to a sustained growth of the company, an upturn in corporate profitability projections, the source of financial growth in the East.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Treasurestone software (600845): idc's business is rapidly climbing up the slope, long-term growth of the company Liu Huixia Master of Theory Economics, Bachelor of Arts in Electronic Information Engineering, joined East Hing Securities in 2018 for communications research.
Mr. Lee Mei-hyun, Master of Arts, People ' s University of China, joined the East Hing Securities and Communications Group in 2019.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.