Industrial connectivity and idc are expected to drive sustained high performance growth - Treasure letter software (600845.sh) is reported for 20 years. Company ratings: increase (maintain)
2) Performance was excellent in the second quarter. Corporate software development revenue grew by 26.6 per cent to $2.2 billion in the first half of the year, service outsourcing (mainly idc) business income grew by 49 per cent, and the net return to the mother was $384 million, or 84 per cent.
Research Assistant: Rowanyan argues that there are two main drivers to the significant growth in corporate q2 performance: one is the epidemic, triggering the "online plus" model, leading to a significant increase in data centre demand, Treasure Cloud 4.
Second, the BMW Group, driven by strong state support for the new capital policy, accelerated the construction of the industrial Internet, 20 years of business-related income from H1 companies, qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
Māori rate increases + rate decreases and profit rates rise significantly.
Increases by 4.4 pc, and 2.7 pc overall. Sales rates fall by 0.7 pct, and 2. Treasure letter software returns three-quarterly: performance meets expectations, which we consider to be mainly structural as a result of the increase in income from within the group to idc.
Prominent growth is expected in the reporting period - 200422
The company's two industries have won the best solution from the Ministry of Industry and Communications, the future group's Bo-Sin software (600845.sh) compared to the depth of 300, and there's a lot of room for industrial upgrading.
At the same time, companies hold on to core resources in the area of idc, and the project is expected to be implemented on schedule.
The software development business: 20 years will be a big push for new infrastructure, and the BMW Group, as the country's largest steel company, will, under policy leadership, accelerate the development of the industrial Internet in the steel industry. The BMW is the flag of the BMW Group.
So, in the first half of the 20th year, the share of income from the information revolution was 44%, up from 4 pct last year. We believe that, driven by new technological trends in industrial software and national policies, the BMW Group has acquired heavy steel, horse steel, industrial software development over 19 years, and corporate software is in great demand.
Development revenue is more certain to maintain a rapid growth rate. It is expected that the corporate software development and collection rate will be higher than expected in 2020-2022, with the business growing by more than 30%. The company is a wholesale idc manufacturer, and the services contract will generally be 10 years, with a steady increase in revenue from the completion of the 20-year period of the Treasure Cloud four.
At the same time, projects such as the company’s Treasure Clouds in Shanghai No. 5, the Nanjing Mayi Mountain No. 1, and the Wu Yu Industrial Park are expected to generate a compound increase in corporate services at about 30 per cent per year. Software development: the company’s current industrial Internet platforms, iplat and eplat, are well developed, covering the reporting period.
In the future, as the company upgrades, the platform's eco-mature, further standardization of products, and the Māori rate of software development, there is outsourcing of services: the company's Treasure Cloudidc project has been completed by renovating the old steel plant and is at the top of the data centre.
Large cost items - electricity - have a greater advantage. As the share of idc has increased, the overall Māori rate of outsourcing of public and DSW services has increased further. It is expected that in 2020-2022, sales rates outside of corporate services: companies rely on the Treasure Group, and there will be great space for intelligent upgrading within the group in the future.
Sales rates are expected to decrease steadily. Given the large decline in sales rates in companies in the first half of the 20th century, management rates are expected to decrease as future scale effects become apparent, except for R & D. Another double/39 times. The company is a bountiful IT transformation leader, with huge space for future internal demand.
On the other hand, the company holds the first-line urban core land resources, the national layout, the construction model of the old steel plant has a natural cost advantage, the new project is expected to start during the year, and the income growth is more certain.
There is still a great deal of uncertainty about the new crown epidemic, and corporate performance will be more negatively affected if the group delays its intellectual upgrading plans.
\triangleright The investment required to build a data centre is large, and the company will not be able to build if it only uses its own funds.
Since the public compliance channels, the report’s analytical logic is based on one’s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects his research views, and the findings are not subject to any third party’s approval or influence.