“New Capital” continued to be added, with higher than expected performance growth: more recent semi-annual reports from companies, yielding $3.415 billion, compared to the previous year's increase
The net profit of 1 q2 quarter grew by 88.04%, with an all-time high of 8.75% compared to 8.75%, and the Māori rate by 8.75%. At the cost end, the higher sales fee growth compared to the same period last year was accompanied by an increase in R&D investment.
Total equity/flow (million shares)2 and the Idc project release contributed to growth in performance, and the Idc project was released in the future in the larger customer market, with a high rate of new projects.
Lately, the number of projects delivered in the first half of the year continued to rise, effectively promoting the release of benefits. On the basis of the consolidation of the Shanghai base, the company focused on the implementation of projects such as Treasure Clouds Five, Wu Jing Industrial Park, Maysan base, and actively developing the layout of the conglomerate node, which will grow in the future.
The company insists on deep-ploughing the industry’s large customer markets, with large customers such as tweaking, Ali, 360, long-term contracts, and a high rate of placement. The company’s local core, expanding the local idc markets in Wuhan, Nanking, etc., and as future construction projects gradually fall to the ground, it will be able to perform.
Building on the national “new infrastructure” strategy, the company has established the Industrial Internet Research Institute and the Digital Institute, which have coordinated business development and strengthened the Bointo industry by improving its operating mechanisms.
Network platform xin3plat top-level design, active exploration of the evolution of the traditional steel-smart architecture to the industrial Internet “clomatic edge” synergistic architecture, and continuous development of industrial connectivity platform iplat and industrial eco-platat, promoting full integration of R & D and business with the industrial eco-platat
, to promote the development of the big data technology component of the "Saving-In-Technology" 5s, and to support the demonstration project on large data centres.
Research and application of technology to build core competitiveness around innovation, with a focus on the development of iron interconnection platforms (high furnaces) demonstration projects, and the effective realization of the steel industry ' s ironworking profession through the development of iron interconnection intelligence platforms based on the iron and steel industry Internet, big data and artificial intelligence applications
The three most important elements of future idc development are, in our view, the deep binding of customers.
The cost of financing has an advantage. We look at the wholesale model of the company’s large clients, expanding the idc below expectations. Profit forecasting and financial indicators:
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report