The performance forecast is bright and continues to benefit from idc+Info - the Treasure News software mid-2020 report performance pre-evaluator The Treasure Cloud project and the information-based business development that drives corporate performance
The increase in the number of hangars on board the company’s Treasure Windc IV project led to an increase in the company’s business idc’s Māori ratio and to an increase in company-related revenues and profits in the first half of the 20th year compared to the same period last year. The revenue recognition pattern for the information project changed and some of the projects for software development and engineering services for the company were completed during the reporting period.
The unit, compared to the 300-year-old movement, received and confirmed the revenue and profits reported in mid-20 years. Therefore, the company benefited from the idc uplifting rate and the idc operation based on Shanghai layout throughout the country, with equity incentives to bind core staff during the first half of the year.
\triangleright received 20% of the first energy consumption target in Shanghai, and the first phase of the Wuhan Big Data Park, in 2019, has begun construction, and the company's plans for the placement of idc outside Shanghai have landed and are expected to upgrade it to the rest in the future.
In addition, the company issued an announcement on 28 May stating that the first stage of the second restricted stock scheme had been awarded to a total of 645 members, including the chairman of the board, for a total of 15,245,000 shares, which represented the company's share, maintaining a “recommended” rating. It benefited from the demands of a new generation of information technology developments, information infrastructure, intellectual manufacturing, etc.
Increased. The company has a 40-carried message of steel, a long-term commitment to intelligent manufacturing and smart cities, a perfect 20-year wind of 68 x/169x, a low valuation of the company, its new technologies and core capabilities that are not as high as expected, and the size of letters and receivables that are not controlled.
1. Treasure letter software (600845) 19 Report & 20 Quarterly Review: Strong Growth, Beneficiary idc+ Informatization
2. The Bosin software of the [people’s computer] (600845) was evaluated in the semi-annual report of 19: idc's performance was bright, and the computer & education industry at the Human Life Institute was top of the class in 2019, joining the Institute of Human Security and Master’s degree in finance at Shanghai University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
In 2019, the Research Assistant for the Computer & Education Industry at the Institute of Human Resources Studies joined the Institute of Civil Security, the Master of Banking and Finance of the Kings College of London. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the Securities Investment Advisory Practice (SIP) granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and that the conclusions were not influenced by any third party.