The South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (WIRDC) is a two-way driver of smart manufacturing and idc, with higher than expected performance growth.
• Summary of performance: 2020h1, the company achieved a revenue of 34.2 billion yuan, an increase of 21.2 per cent over the same period; net profit of 660 million yuan, an increase of 67.7 per cent over the same period; net operating cash inflows of 800 million yuan, an increase over the same period; end of income: smart manufacturing and idc driven, leading to higher-than-expected growth in corporate revenue during the first half of 2020:
1) Income side: Software development business realized $2.21 billion, an increase of 27 per cent over the same period, mainly due to revenue structure: 65 per cent of revenue from software development and engineering services; 34 per cent of income from services outsourcing, a further increase driven by high growth in idc operations; continuation of income from systems integration operations
At the profit end: corporate profitability continues to increase and costs decrease. In the first half of 2020: 1) profits 4.1 pp, mainly benefiting from the rapid growth of high-profit idc operations.
The Māori rate for outsourcing of services increased by 1.7 pp and 4.5 pp, respectively, and the Māori rate for system integration operations decreased by 3.9 pp. on the same basis. 2) Cost side: the cost of corporate sales was 2.1 per cent, a decrease of 0.9 pp. on the same year; management cost: idc was phased out from Shanghai to the country, with year-round performance. As a wholesale idc operator, public,
The Division's depth is tied to large user groups, long contract terms, and the company's wholesale business orientation has the advantage of maintaining a high accuracy. The first phase of the Wuhan Data Park, in which the company participated in 2019, has been built, and the idc national layout has been first set. The company will continue to work deep in Shanghai.
The second-line central cities of Han and Nanjing have expanded their operations to provide country-wide business expansion, and expect to continue the country-wide expansion. We expect that corporate operations in idc will gradually move into the release phase, driven by high growth in idc, which is expected to drive companies to double-click Davis on stock prices and performance.
1. Treasurestone software (600845): Iron and steel flooding, idc expansion readiness (2020-06-11), 2.02 yuan, with a 38 per cent increase in compound return net profit over the next three years. Given the company ' s overperformance,
Iron and steel information is on the rise, idc's deep-farming “Shanghai” market and second-line core cities are starting to expand at an accelerated pace, and first-line idc resources are scarce.
The company was established in 2001 as a listed software company holding shares in the steel industry. The company was initially working on the transformation of information in the steel industry, where industrial software was ranked first in the country in the steel industry.
In recent years, companies have been working to promote “Industry 4.0” and “China-made 2025” strategies, to lead China's industrialization and information-based integration, and to promote the movement of manufacturing firms from information to automation to the creation of intelligence. On the other hand, they have continued to strengthen the development of intelligent cities and work to promote intelligent cities.
In addition, in 2013, the company entered the idc, idc, which has become the second curve in its development. In the course of business advancements, the company has evolved into four main lines of operations, namely, information, automation, intelligence and a new generation of information infrastructure and services (idc), with products and services spread across steel, transport, medicine, colour, chemicals, finance, water and water.
Corporate operating income has been growing steadily, with net profits growing faster than revenue. Reviewing company performance for the last five years: compound growth was about 23 per cent; of this, net corporate profits grew at a faster rate of 31.4 per cent in 2019 compared to the previous two years, mainly because: 1) the steel industry, which has grown in depth since 2018, has seen an increase in the atmosphere of the company ' s steel industry, the automation of the industry and the information technology demand belt.
In the first half of the year 2020: the public administration managed to collect $3.42 billion, an increase of 21.2 per cent compared to the previous year; among them, the q1 battalion registered a 7.4 per cent decline in the same year.
The large increase in the q2 battalion led to an overall upturn in income in the first half of the year, mainly due to the recognition of the income of customers such as first steel in the second quarter, as well as the adjustment of the restatement of prior-year accounts for the same period in accordance with the accounting standards. 2020h1, the public sector achieved a net return profit of $660 million, an increase of 67.7 per cent over the same period.
In terms of revenue structure, the company’s main business includes software development and engineering services, service outsourcing and systems integration operations. idc’s operations in the outsourcing block have continued to grow in size, and the build-up rate has led to high income growth. 2020h1, the company’s software development and engineering services have achieved revenue of $2.21 billion, an increase of 26.7 per cent, and revenue of 65 per cent; and services outsourcing revenue.
The change in the company’s revenue structure is the result of a proactive strategic transformation of the company’s restructuring of the business layout, and the idc operation in the service outsourcing module will gradually become the second engine of growth in the company’s revenue. The Māori structure shows a Māori rate of 23.9% for soft company software development and engineering services in 2019.
Fifty-three per cent; the Māori rate for outsourcing of services is 44.7 per cent; the gross profit ratio is about 45 per cent; the Māori rate for system integration is 16.6 per cent; and the gross profit ratio is about 2 per cent. In 2020h1, the Māori rate for corporate software development and engineering services is 27.8 per cent, a slight increase over the same period, gross business expansion is continuing and the company ' s profit structure is expected to continue to be optimized.
Corporate profitability continues to increase, and R & D investment is gradually increasing. 1) In terms of profitability: in 2019, the company ' s M & A rate was 30%, an increase of 2.1 pp in the same year; the net interest rate was 13.5%, an increase of 0.5 pp in the same year. 2020h1, the company ' s M & A rate rose, benefiting mainly from the rapid growth of high profit idc operations, and the increase in the company ' s profit margin level. 2) Cost ratio.
In 2019, the cost of company sales was 2.5%, and in recent years the cost of company sales has been consistently reduced; the management cost rate is assumed to be 1: the steel industry concentrated 36.4%cr10 in 2019, and the concentration of industry has accelerated and will increase further.
The maximum beneficiary of the system ' s construction and the high growth of orders; the high overall Māori rate for the iron and steel information component will lead to an increase in the overall Māori rate for soft development and engineering operations, assuming an increase in the level of Māori over the next three years and maintaining it at the assumption that the 2:idc operation is expanding well, cloud computing needs will continue to grow at a high rate, and cabinet delivery and uplifting rates will continue to increase.
The growth of high-moriidc operations will lead to an annual increase in the share of income and the ratio of income from outsourcing services. Let's assume that: we expect the share of system integration operations to be narrow and other business developments to be stable.
The market and second-line core cities have opened up accelerated expansion, the scarcity of idc resources in first-line cities, and we have conservatively given companies an average of 90 times their current valuation levels in 2020.
The idc energy consumption indicator is not as good as expected: progress in the construction of the idc project or national expansion of the idc is not as good as expected: the number of orders from traditional businesses affected by macro-economic shocks is not as high as expected. No one will receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or not for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.