idc Business and Smart Manufacturing continues to drive corporate performance growth - Treasurehouse software mid-2020.
The first half of 2020 saw an increase in the number of rounds of revenue and performance gains in the first quarter of the year, with a 67.73 per cent increase in net profit returns from the same year, an increase in the number of containers in the fourth quarter of the company ' s treasure, and an increase in the size of the operations in the idc, which led to an increase in corporate receivables and profits.
During the reporting period, the company collected 3,415 million yuan, an increase of 21.24 per cent over the same period, a net profit to the mother of 659 million yuan, an increase of 67.73 per cent, and sales costs of 73.33 million yuan, a decrease of 11.08 per cent over the same period. In addition, construction in progress was reduced from 467 million yuan at the end of 2019 to 85.90 per cent, as a result of the commissioning of a large part of the fourth phase of Building No. 3 in Boyun Yunc.
Focusing on the idc operation, while continuing to expand the layout of Shanghai, the country’s front-line cities are being laid out. The plan is to build on the consolidation of the Shanghai base, with a focus on the implementation of the five phases of the Treasures, the Wu Yu Industrial Park, and the May Unit compared to the 300-way movement of the Yuen.
The first phase of the Wuhan Big Data Industries project, which was launched in 2019, has begun to build. “Intelligent manufacturing” will drive the company's iron and steel information business to continue to grow.
Under the trend towards greater concentration and “smart manufacturing” in the steel industry, the company, with its leading position in the field of steel-smart manufacturing, contracted a number of key clients to continue to consolidate its market position during the reporting period. During the reporting period, the company’s contractual liabilities amounted to 36.43 billion yuan, an increase of 320 per cent over the previous period of 868 million yuan.
A number of items, such as the migration of systems, the BIOJEP information-based adaptation project, and the first steel sales integration project, were officially handed over, which had a positive impact on the recognition of revenues from corporate software development operations, resulting in $2.208 billion in software development and engineering services, an increase of 26.61 per cent compared to the current trend towards greater concentration in the steel industry.
To benefit from the new generation of information technology developments, the need for information infrastructure, intelligence manufacturing, etc., has increased. The company, with its 40-carried steel information, has a long-term commitment to smart-making and intelligent cities, has a sound business build-up capability.
The new technology and core capabilities are not as high as expected, and the scale of the letters and receivables is not as high as expected.
2. Treasure letter software (600845) 19th & 20th Quarterly Review: Performance is growing steadily.
In 2019, he joined the Institute of Human Security and the King's College of London, Master's degree in banking and finance.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.