Performance exceeded expectations and benefited from the high profile of the idc industry - Treasure letter software (600845.sh) for 20 years with advance notice rating: increase (maintain)
During the reporting period, the 4-stage accelerator rate continued to rise, with the Public Research Assistant: The Rowanyang Division generating significant incremental income and performance.
During the reporting period, there was a corresponding increase in the performance of some of the company’s engineering services. The idc services were spread across the country, with a huge amount of additional space.
In Shanghai, Nanjing, Wuhan, etc., the company still has more than 10 hangars, of which the Wuhan Big Data Park is already under construction.
In-depth study of the Treasure Software: Iron and Steel Information 20-23 plans to build 16,000 new hangars. In our view, companies have a greater advantage in costs such as land rents and electricity systems, and they own core urban land holdings.
Treasurehouse software reports three-quarterly reviews: Idc service provider with pre-existing performance, expected to continue to grow rapidly in the future.
The Group announced an investment of $10 billion to accelerate the upgrading of the Shanghai steel industry and the construction of the Wu Xuan workers, which is expected to increase with certainty over the long term - 200422
The company is now officially contracted to enter the park. In addition, the BMW Group's "Intake" Treasure Software (600845.sh) shows up against the depth of 300 Chongqing steel is entering the final internal approval process, and after the acquisition is completed, the steel has been re-established.
There's a lot of room to upgrade. /43 times more space to upgrade. The company relies on the Treasures Group, and there's a lot of space to upgrade intelligence within the future group. At the same time, the company has a cost advantage in holding core resources in the idc area.
Software development operations: During the reporting period, companies provided information technology services for the intellectual manufacturing upgrade of the BMW Group, resulting in a significant increase in revenues from software development operations. We believe that the State has frequently issued support for the industrial Internet,
At the same time, the steel industry will continue its efforts to remove its backward capacity, and to restructure its mergers and acquisitions, and the BMW group, as the country’s iron and steel champion, is expected to continue to grow in size, with huge scope for corporate software development. The year 2020-2022 is expected to be public.
Services outsourcing: Corporate services outsourcing, mainly idc services and systems maintenance/vigilage services, has been growing steadily during the reporting period. We believe that the 5g era will lead to a significant increase in data volume and that the high demand for data centres.idc operations will continue to grow rapidly.
Software development: Companies are highly competitive in their intellectual manufacturing upgrading operations, and the rate of corporate software development increased by 3 percentage points during the reporting period. We believe that future industrial manufacturing smart transformation will continue and that the sub-business Māori ratio is expected to increase steadily as the income ratio of smart transformation projects continues to rise.
Outsourcing of services: The company’s Treasure Cloudidc project was completed through the renovation of the old steel plant, with a greater advantage in terms of the largest cost of the data centre, electricity. With the increasing share of idc operations, the overall Māori rate of outsourcing of public services is expected to remain high. It is expected that in 2020-2022, the company’s services will be out-of-service.
Sales rates: Companies rely on the Treasure Group, and future corporate intelligence upgrades have huge scope, management rates: corporate management rates (other than R & D) are expected to decrease as future scale effects become apparent. Another industry is expected to continue with its merger and reprogramming.
In the idc business, the company has a greater advantage in costs such as land rent and electricity systems through the transformation of the old BMW steel plant, and is an idc service provider with core urban land resources, which is expected to grow rapidly in the future.
\triangleright, there is still a great deal of uncertainty about the new crown epidemic, and corporate performance will be significantly negatively affected if the group delays its intellectual upgrading plans.
\triangleright has a large investment in data centre construction, and companies cannot afford to use their own funds alone
The growth of the business will be slowed if the company fails to complete the fund-raising needed to build the data centre through the capital market in a timely manner. From open compliance channels, the analytical logic of the report is based on my professional understanding, the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and the conclusions are not from any third party.
No part of my remuneration has been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.