Information technology software and services High performance is reported among companies, idc+smart manufacturing is a two-line growth driver for the future, Treasure Clouds is a four-stage high and intelligent manufacturing is growing steadily.
By the end of the 19th, the cloud was delivered in four stages, and the first line of scarce Idc resources + the need to catalyze the epidemic rose, and the 3500 cabinets were brought to power by the vast majority in the first quarter of this year, which is the central driver of rapid growth in corporate performance.
The percentage completion method was changed to revenue recognition at the time of receipt and in the first half of 2020, the company completed several smart projects, and the rate of increase was stable. New capital-based data centre construction was on the rise, and the company had a rich resource reserve in first-line cities.
Under the new infrastructure, cloud computing, 5g, ai, etc., have driven demand for data centres, and the data centre market remains dynamic. The company relies on the Treasures Group, which has a total equity/flow (millions of shares)
Thin City has a reserve of core land resources, which can accommodate 30-60,000 cabinets in the Shanghai plant area, a total market value/flow (million yuan) and idle land and power supply resources in Nanjing and Guangdong, and an adequate supply of idc operations.
The 12-month maximum/minimum ($) division adapted the construction of the idc building to its original site, reducing the civil construction process, significantly shortening the construction cycle and saving on construction costs, with the advantage of building the idc building.
Treasure letter software (600845) Corporate business maintenance, long-term trend towards increased concentration in the steel industry, corporate iron and steel information, smart business booking, steady growth, idc+information in tandem
The company's intelligence manufacturing business has increased its client concentration in downstream steel companies, its intelligence production is a big trend, generating external demand, and the company's shareholders, the company's Treasure Group, has acquired the integrated steel production horizontally.
Industry, with strong internal demand, orders for intelligent manufacturing operations are expected to grow steadily.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report