The company issued an advance notice of its performance in the first half of 2020.
The company is a listed software company with shares in Treasure Steel. The company is expected to increase its net return profits in the second half of 2020 compared to the same period of the previous year (the semi-annual 2019 report discloses data) and the performance of its products and services in steel, transportation, medicine, and yes.
Industry, chemical industry, equipment manufacturing, finance, public services, water (Wuhan), in line with accounting standards and disclosure requirements, adjusted to be expected to be the mother ' s net profit in the semi-annual 2020 period
This represents an increase of 220 million yuan to 300 million yuan in comparison with the semi-annual net return profit in 2019, which is 56 per cent higher than the corresponding increase in the number of areas, while at the same time providing full coverage of cloud computing, data centres (idc) and data centres, in line with trends in industry and technology.
Large data, humanization, industrial robotics, material networking, etc., have developed over the years to become China's leader.
In terms of the first industrial software industry application solution and service offer (1), the company relies on the Great Shareholder's Treasure Group for a clear advantage in the Long Triangle, and points out important matters for the next three to six months:
At the same time, there is an absolute advantage in Shanghai through the consolidation of industrial land and capacity within the group. According to the Treasure 2020-08-20 report, it is expected that all containers will be released in four phases, and the company now owns 27,000 cabinets in four phases, and idc is fully operational.
Debt relief and cross-equity presentations: The company can then contribute 1.85 billion in business and 600 million in net profits. Currently, the company idc is a wholesale business, the main operator is bound, and the rest is signed with the operator, with the exception of four parts of China's Taibo cooperation.
The agreement, which was signed over 10 years and more, is now about three years away. The company currently has a land resource reserve of 28,000 square kilometres in the Shanghai region, which is a source of energy consumption for local companies in Shanghai, has a slight advantage over competing companies, and it is expected that idc will continue to contribute to the company’s earnings.
2) With regard to software operations, the company implemented the revised revenue guidelines for the first time in 2020, in which the revenue from software development was recognized from the percentage method of completion progress to confirm the project as a whole at the time of receipt and inspection of the client’s project.
Good corporate development, maintaining a recommended rating.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Bosin software (600845): Rapid climb, long-term view of a wholesale idc growth, Liu Huixiang, research assistant profile
Master ' s degree in theoretical economics, Bachelor ' s degree in electronic information engineering, joined East Hsing Securities in 2018 for communications, Li Meihyun Chinese People ' s University, and East Hsing Securities and Communications Group in 2019.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.