Collon Pharmacy (002422); fast-growing profits, imminent commercialization of innovative products Reported reasons: Performance rating
The company ' s operating income for the first three quarters of 2024 was $16,789 million (+6.64% of the same year), the net profit for the mother was 2,471 million yuan (+25.85% of the same year) and the net profit for the non-parent was 2,447 million yuan (+27.32% of the same year); of this, $4,962 million (+0.35% of the same year) was earned for the quarter, and the net profit for the parent was $671 million (+19.88% of the same year), and the net profit for the non-diversion was $4,922 million (+0.35% of the same year)
During the reporting period, the income of the large infusion plate was stable and favourable, and the lubricant end grew significantly, mainly as a result of falling demand in the infusion market, falling marketing costs, and the company ' s continuous optimization of the infusion product.
q4 is expected to be driven by seasonal factors throughout the year by a return to demand in the fluid market of billions (+68.07% of the year). The main reason for the growth in performance is an increase in the volume of first-snail products on average, while companies have achieved significant efficiency gains. Looking forward to a year in which there is no new production capacity for primary products, the price system is generally stable, and the fourth quarter is marked by an increase in the same volume of products.
The demand for antibiotics will rise again. The commercialization of innovative products is imminent. Based on the progress of the company ' s innovation drug research and development pipeline, four innovative varieties are expected to be marketed over the next year: the skconsattoll (skb264), a166, a167, a140, of which the salsattobi.
At the same time, the company’s commercialization team has been set up to prepare the market for the sale of innovative products. To date, 10 global iii clinical studies have been carried out overseas, covering Nsclc, endomec, breast cancer, stomach cancer, etc.
Investment proposals: steady growth in corporate performance, continued optimization of the structure of large infusion products, increased prices of intermediates of raw materials, Cullen Pharmaceutical Industries (002422): fast growth of raw materials medicines, continued implementation of innovative medicines - public
No direct or indirect relationship exists between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report and the analysis and judgement of the individual researchers at the time the present report was produced, and does not represent the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates.
If the law allows, the company’s associates may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be offering or seeking to present them.