On 28 October 2024, the Cullen Pharmaceuticals industry issued a tri-quarter report, which generated 16,789 million yuan, or 6.64 per cent of the year; the net return to the mother was 2,471 million.
In terms of asset liabilities, the three-quarterly report shows a significant increase in corporate capital holdings by the end of the reporting period.
There has been a significant reduction in the loan and contract liabilities, optimized asset structure of companies, effective control of the liability, 2nd Nda processing, which is expected to accelerate listing and further success in the reporting period for the innovative R & D subsidiary, Kulombote, in early September.
At the product level, the core product Consartordox (Ga Terai) new adaptive disorder - Nda for nsclc backline treatment - is accepted on a npa application based on the positive results of a critical study on ptitrop-lung03 with Dossy
Colon Pharmacy (002422), compared to his competition, the sac-tmt monotherapy is objectively slow down.
This is the second acceptance of the Nda application for tnbc after tnbc's ailment.
Please, and before this application has been incorporated into the cde priority review process, it is expected to accelerate (002422.sz): 23fy drives innovation. 3.
(002422.sz): Maintenance of high growth in 24h1 and risk of changes in industrial policy; less than expected risk of R & D; less than expected risk of approved access; risk of cost escalation.
Experience in the therapeutic industry, primary market investment and secondary market research. Using legally compliant information, this report is presented independently and objectively. Data and information used in this report are from open market information. I do not provide any assurance about the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained in it will not change anything.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.