Three quarters of the performance is over-expected, and the innovation block is on track for the next three quarters of 2024, the Cullen Pharmacy (stock code: 002422).
The net profit to the mother was 2,471 million yuan, an increase of 25.85 per cent in the same year and 2,447 million yuan in the net profit to the latter, an increase of 27.32 per cent in the same year; the income to the third quarter alone was 4,962 million yuan, an increase of 0.35 per cent in the same year, the net profit to the mother was 671 million yuan, an increase of 19.88 per cent in the same year and the net profit to the latter was 693 million yuan in the same year.
The Great Infusion Alliance is gradually landing, and the cost side is more profitable to optimize. □ chingpei_yj@chinastock.com.cn :sunyi_yj@chinastock.com.cn
In terms of profitability, four products were listed in China in the second half of the year or the first half of 2025: core products sac-tmt and a166 (shutai) and major products a167 (cotai) and a140 (datai).
According to the cde network, all review and approval procedures have been completed for Quanshatoll (skb264/sac-tmt), which is expected to be marketed in the country in November, and the company’s innovation plate is about to be commercialized. Klembotai plans to form a full-fledged commercialization team in China, which is expected to expand by the end of 2024.
A relatively deep 300-500 people focused on level-III hospitals and leading doctors in China’s vast local market. Within the global conglomerate, Colombote continues to pursue a flexible strategy through the creation of a global synergy of permits and co-opting.
The investment proposal is a steady growth of corporate fluid plates, a rise in the price of raw materials and intermediates, a continuous advance of the Colon Botaire pipeline, and a net return on the company ' s profits from 2024-2026.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Qian Bei, Master of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Shanghai Transport University, more than 10 years of medical testing + research experience in the pharmaceutical industry. Corporate research is intensive. Sun Yi, Nanjing University Pharmaceutical Engineering/University of New South Wales, Double Master of Business Analysis, 2021, and joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2023.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.