Heung Swe Medicine (600276) Medicine biology q3 has a narrow income decline and innovative research and development has accelerated the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: The company published a three-monthly report in 2022, which generated business income of $15.95 billion in the first three quarters of 2022, and the cumulative and multiple effects of the harvest, health-care negotiations, and the epidemic continue to manifest itself. The reasons for the decline in both income and profit growth are mainly: 1) 8 medicines involved in the fifth batch of collections, which began to be implemented in September 2021, plus white.
Multi-innovation prices for new health-care negotiations, on average 33 per cent: 3) multi-distribution of the epidemic in the country, reduction in the number of medical consultations in some medical institutions, backlog of orders for the export of products, and failure to translate some of the overseas business requirements into sales in a timely manner
• Two-positive results for the two-day programme, with Dalsili and Kirdeni first-line adaptive declarations on the market. At present, the Department has built up more than 5,300 larger, specialized and fully capable research and development teams to lead and support more than 260 clinical projects in the country and abroad. q3 companies have made significant progress in research and development: they have not received systematic treatment.
In the case of non-cutting or transferable hepatocyte cancers, the two-initiation treatment drug Solafeni obtained two positive results for both mos and mpfs; the application for the listing of the neo-adhesive disease was accepted for first-line treatment of breast cancer for use in the Dalsili new treatment was accepted for use in hr+/her2-late breast milk.
• Building an advanced technology platform to build a global innovation system. Companies build new technological platforms with autonomous intellectual property rights, inter-national excellence, such as protac, molecular glue, adc, bi/multi-specific antibodies, genetic therapy.
Medical treatment, mrna, bioinformatics, conversion medicine, etc.. Of these, five new and differentiated adc molecules have been approved for clinical treatment.
1. Heung Swe Medicine (600276): collection of short-term effects sustained, declaration of clinical status; pd-l1/tgf beta double resistance shr-1701 rapid advance of several clinical iii phase studies, new generation innovation R & D accelerated (2022-08-21)
Pd-l1/sirpga, tigit/pvrig integration proteins have been successfully studied, and more than 10 other 2.Hinry medicines (600276): Rivirus ammonium tablets have been approved for research on fic/bic double/multi-specific antibodies.
City, Innovative Pipelines on a sustainable basis (2022-06-29) Heung Swe Medicine (600276)
Billion dollars, corresponding to 58 x 50 x 41 x. The ratio of innovation drugs is rising, the rate of innovation is accelerating, the internationalization of drugs is about to change and remains the preferred option for domestic investment in innovation medicines, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
The country was first listed and internationalization continued to advance (2022-05-26).
Innovation and rapid internationalization (2022-04-25) No one has received any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because of, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.