On 9 May, China Harbour International published its first quarterly report in 2024, and q1 earned $12,594 million in 2024, or +23.36 per cent of the year, and its ring ratio + 3.63 per cent; and its net profit on maternity was $509 million. On 28 March, China Harbour International published its annual report 2023 and its revenue in 2023.
The physical sector is at the bottom of the cycle, global market demand is weak, industry stock is high, inventory is slow, and the industry is showing signs of recovery. Corporate performance is rising by the season, with 2023q4 operating at hkscc.
At the bottom of nominees, high corporate input depreciation. At the lower end of the world, low-power consumption of bluetooth, 10t, mcu, etc., markets are slowly recovering.
Four consecutive quarters of growth; Māori sales rate of 13.7 per cent (International Financial Reporting Standards), the decline in the same rate was due mainly to changes in product prices and product portfolios, and depreciation periods in Central Harbour.
This represents 93.0% of the total, and the season yield (8-inch-equivalent crystal circle) has broken by 1.79 million pieces, mainly due to changes in the product mix, partial loading of the production line, priority being given to the emergency.
Visible: the cis and Isp income ring grew by more than 60% and the production capacity was in short supply; the ddic and tddi income ring grew by almost 30% and was more competitive in the 40nm and 55nm markets; amoled technology applications also formed a better layout.
In 2023, smartphones/computers and flats/consumption electrons/connectivity to wearables/industry and automobiles, respectively.
(yoy+9.2 pcts) due to the higher number of new emergency orders for some clients.
In the medium and long term, the global semiconductor industry is both cyclical and growthary, with short-term supply and demand imbalances that do not affect the medium and long-term well-being of the industry. With the rising demand for end-equipment intelligence, the city will be in a position to take a step forward.
As the scale of the field continues to rise, the chains of the industry are warming up, and crystal-round work is a key industry at the front end of the industry chain, with a gradual recovery in capacity utilization and sustained sustained medium- and long-term growth. In recent years, the trend towards regionalization of the semiconductor sector has become more pronounced, with some countries and regions actively deployed.
For global supply and demand, the “local world, China forchina” is the current pattern. Next year is still the peak year for regional capacity-building.
In 2024, the company is expected to move away from the depression along with the semiconductor industry chain, gradually improving its customer inventory and continuing the need for cell phones and connectivity.
With the combined effect of a return to smooth and moderate growth, sales earnings are expected to increase no less than the partial recovery of the international consumer market and new products need to be increased, such as low-capacity bluetooths, mcu, stocks are falling and customers are starting to pay their bills; 2) due to the need to watch sports events this year
The sale of top-of-the-box and television-related products has increased significantly, significantly more than last year; (3) the largest portion, smartphones, especially Chinese smartphone manufacturers, have taken more than last year in order to keep their share alive or to increase their share.
Due to the continuing demand for early pull by some clients, business income in q2 is projected for 2024. Risks of change in industrial policy; less than expected market demand; less advanced process progress; increased maturity process competition; geopolitical risk; and exchange rate fluctuations risk.
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.