2023: Waiting for the warmth of demand, 24 years of income: income by size, 8 inches and 12 inches of income, 26% and 74%; crystal round income, application, smartphones, computer and tablets, consumer electronics, interconnectibility and apparel, industry and steam
Last year, the semiconductor industry was at the bottom of the cycle, market demand was weak, industry stock was high, and competition was intense, leading to a decline in the productivity of companies, a decrease in the number of crystallized sales and changes in the product mix. In 2023, the number of crystals sold by companies (8 inches of crystal equivalent) was 5,867,000.
The company plans to continue the 12-inch plant and capacity construction plan announced in recent years in 2024. Capital expenditure is expected to be large compared to the previous year and increase in the median; the company's 24q1 guide is the sales income ring.
Changes in product prices and product mix, as well as depreciating periods in Central Harbour City.  Downstream demand is warming and looking forward to long-term development: market dynamics accompanied by rising demand for smartness in applications in areas such as home, education, scientific research, commerce, industry, transport, medical care, etc.
Mid-Crystal International (688981): 2023 mid-point recovery, sustained improvement in the size of the end market, and the prospect of a level-by-stage warming of the chain of industry.
The crystal circle works as a key industry at the front end of the industrial chain, with capacity utilization expected to recover gradually, leading to sustained and robust medium- and long-term growth. As the only state-of-the-art crystal-crystal mill in the country, the center core international is perfect for demand recovery + technological innovation.
Middle Cricket International (688981): First Quarterly 2023, touching on the advanced production of 7nm~14nm) + three elements of national production substitution (domestication of materials and equipment), with a later assessment: income is slightly better than guidance, Māori ratio is in place
Continued demand has steadily advanced, and performance is expected to release. At the bottom of the cycle, the company’s valuation is well below a historical high of 6 times pb and three times the port’s stock, benefiting from demand recovery plus technological innovation plus the replacement of three elements of national production, and policy support to valuation.
I, we maintain the company's "buy-in" rating.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.