(a) The increase in profits was over-expected, with long-term high-end transformation periods - Qingdao beer (600,600) reported mid-2020: Qingdao beer was released mid-2020 and generated $15,679 million in the first half of the year, corresponding to 5.27 per cent;
The performance round ratio has improved significantly, with a faster recovery in sales in the second quarter The company ' s single quarterly and single quarter receipts have increased by 20.86 per cent, +9.15 per cent, respectively, and the net profit share attributed to the parent company 2.77 million tons of beer sold in the second quarter alone, compared to +8.27 per cent in the second quarter, and the recovery in the second quarter has increased faster; Qingjia
In the first half of the year, the main brand sold 20,911,000 tons, corresponding to 11.40%, and in the first half of the year, popular brands such as Yooyama sold 2,315,000 tons, compared to 2.32%, the Qingjia brands have fallen behind the beer business as a whole, and consumption scenes such as night and high-end restaurants are still limited due to the fact that they have been restored first after the epidemic.
The price of wine is $3558.6 per ton, +1.70 per cent, with a single quarterly ton price of $3860.7 per ton, and a lower cost of raw materials, higher cost and higher net interest rate than the increase in other earnings.
The interest rate increases are mainly due to a drop in the cost of fabrics and malts.
During the same period, the net interest rate increased significantly in the second quarter, mainly as a result of the fall in the cost of raw materials, the cost effect of the increase, and the increase in other gains, due to the impact of the new crown epidemic on government social insurance costs, the transportation of company products, etc.
In the first half of the year, the epidemic hit the company with a lot of resilience and much more performance than it achieved.
China Sea International Center, 15th floor, Qian; looking forward to the second half of the year, when the consumer scene is back on top of the season's momentum, it is expected that sales will be back on track, with priority given to recovery consumption opportunities. In the medium and long term, the blisters are branded and funded in high-end areas.
At the top of the list, with high-quality channels and high-end products, it will continue to be the same, with the Matthews effect.
Billion Dollars: Net profits attributable to parent companies: 19.92, 23.42 and 2,657 million yuan: ps. 146 and Chengdu China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment.
China Sea International Centre 17, using legally compliant information, produces this report independently and objectively.
The company is not a customer for whom it receives this report, it is not a client for whom it has no direct business agreement, and it does not have proper responsibilities. This report is a confidential material of the company, and if a non-client receives this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential until it is publicly disclosed or with the consent of the company.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the person receiving the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.