q2 performed well, keeping an eye on the company's business dynamism and releasing the Qingdao beer (600600) semi-annual review of 2020.
From the point of view of sales, 20h1 achieved 4.406 million litres of beer sales, compared to 6.85 per cent, of which 20q2 was sold 2.776 million litres, compared with 8.27 per cent, benefiting from the smooth sales of the season plus the need to replenish the q2 channel.
In order to thrive, the q2 quarter has seen an increase in sales in high digits. The 20h1 brand name Qingjia beer sales were 209.1 thousand litres, compared to 11.4 per cent, and the main brand sales were reduced by 2.44 ppt to 47.46 per cent, due mainly to the expected increase in sales of the sub-brand sales after the season of alcohol consumption.
In terms of tonnage prices, the 20h1 company sold 3533.71 tons of beer, or +1.88 per cent, of which 20q2 tons increased by a slower speed ring, which is expected to remain largely at the same level as last year, mainly because of the higher sales of the season ' s sub-brands and the continued upward trend in the future as the food channel penetration rate increases and the company ' s high-end strategy continues.
The increase in the Māori rate combined with an improvement in business performance and a significant increase in q2 performance over the same period is expected to be due mainly to lower costs of production costs for raw materials, packaging and consumables than in the same period for social insurance and transportation of corporate products.
The company achieved a net non-mortality gain of $1.623 billion, or 12.3 per cent, of which a net non-mortality gain of $1.161 billion, or +59.69 per cent, was achieved in 20q2 single quarter, a significant increase over the same period, mainly as a result of an increase in the company ' s Māori ratio of 20q2 (+237 ppt) equity incentive programme to release the company ' s dynamism and to look forward to positive action on both the supply and demand sides.
The company introduced a stock incentive scheme, which awarded 13.2 million shares to 627 top managers, core cadres and middle-level managers. The incentive was wide-ranging, with a bonus incentive scheme for the company ' s general workforce.
Qingdao Beers (600600) Quarterly 2020: Review: Positive Channels Building Partial Impact on the Epidemic, Business, Companies Actively Seizing Future People's Health Needs, Introduction of Princes and Light Zero Sodas, Green
At the end of the demand, the company accumulated during the epidemic.
Extremely additional online channels and community consortia, new channels to promote corporate products, proximity to consumers to new demand, high performance expectations, long-term performance sustainability, and the promotion of a two-brand strategy for “Qingshima + Mt.”, looking at the future performance of companies under diversified marketing channels.
3. Qingdao Beers (600600) Assessment Report: Equity Incentives Landed, Long-Term Performance Employable, Taking into account the good performance of the company, we have adjusted the previous profit forecast upwards.
In the future, the company’s performance is expected to increase faster than the industry average, given the firm’s certainty and leadership in growth. On the whole, the “recommended” rating is maintained.
In 2011, he entered the securities industry and is now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Civil Securities. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice, as awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, and the data used to ensure reporting are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,