In the evening of August 18, 2025, the national electricity report was released in 2025.
The wind panel achieved a net gain of 529 million yuan, corresponding to 31.12 per cent; the photovoltage block achieved a net gain of 31.12 per cent; and the q2 power level was reduced by a narrow annual rate, with the volume of new energy installed continuing to grow. With regard to electricity, in 2025h1, the company reached 1958-01 million kilowatt hours of electricity access, compared with --
Of these, 151,840 million kilowatt hours of electricity were connected to the grid, 7.51 per cent of the year; 22,685 million kilowatt hours of electricity to the hydroelectric system, 6.44 per cent of the year; and 11,074 million kilowatts of wind power to the grid + 6.25 per cent. Of these, 73,848 million kilowatt hours were connected to the grid, compared to 5.51 per cent of the year, the ring-to-year.
In the first half of the year, electricity prices were reduced in the first half of the year, as a result of the downside of the country’s multi-dial electricity prices, and the company’s lower electricity prices were reduced in the first half of the year. When the company achieved an average of 409.70 yuan/megawatts in 2025, the company’s electricity prices were reduced.
RMB/MW, 28.85/MWh; RMB 329.84/MWh, RMB - 91.91/MWh.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. 14.955.06 million kW of utilities, 101.6991 kW of wind power and 184.02 million kW of photovoltaic.
q2 One-quarter increase in the capacity of the company's Fire and Power Holdings by 1.04 million kilowatts, and the new Energy Holdings (NECs) increase the capacity of the Golden Building No. 127 A, Wumen West Avenue, Beijing City.
One-quarter performance: cost control is further consolidated, and the flexible advantage of “coal as one” is highlighted. In 2025, o1, despite downward pressure on electricity prices, companies achieved excellent performance through over-expected operating cost control and four-fee (sales, management, R & D, finance, etc.). q2 companies continued to pressurize.
Cost control to further achieve business costs at the same rate - 6.04 per cent/ring ratio - 4.95 per cent while operating income - 9.28 per cent/ring ratio - 9.09 per cent; at the same time, four fees also achieve sales costs - 72.07 per cent/management The corporate corporate-backed business model of “coal power as one” is still relatively high when the price of coal falls
In addition, the company’s four-time cost continues to fall in the same line in the first quarter, highlighting the company’s own operational advantages. The public sector’s cost control has been effective, and performance is expected to be more visible during the year.
The three-year cash-sharing plan highlights the commitment to market value management and to sound business performance + a high score in terms of the value of the company’s allocation. In terms of dividends, the corporate announcement for the three-year period 2025-2027 shows the commitment to managing the company’s market value.
Profit forecasts and ratings: The state power industry, shareholder background, asset quality, development patterns \triangleright, etc. is leading in many sectors. 1) Industry position: the company as the five largest power generating group.
One of the core conventional energy listed companies, which is second-largest in the market and has a larger capacity, (2) shareholder background: the company relies on the National Energy Group, where coal supplies are more secure, and where there is a strong capacity for cost-side control; 3) asset quality: the company's lighter unit is more than 600,000 kW.
Large fleets are dominated, have a better quality and have a better ability to adapt their technologies; 4) Development patterns: The public sector has achieved a coal-based power generation, with multi-purpose business plates working in tandem with development patterns, while maintaining the potential for installed growth. We maintain the company ' s net profit for the period 2025-2027.
Risk factors: Higher-than-expected downs in electricity prices: less than expected in the construction of the project, electricity marketization reform, Ming Wing left, PhD from China Mining University, registered consultant (investment) engineer, current head of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, member of the China Geological Minerals and Economics Society, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's expert bank, member of the China Price Association's coal price ad hoc committee and former member of the Chinese coal industry
Under the auspices of the Association's Department of Industry Advisory, the Deputy Director of Research and Research in Coal and Energy-related Areas has been in charge of research for over a decade. He has been conducting research on coal exploration and development planning for the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey, revision of technology policy in the coal industry and enterprise-related consultations. In June 2016 he joined the Credit Certificate Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal sector.
Li Chunzhi, cfa, Member of the China Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, Nanjing University, formerly researched large energy panels such as Securities and Natural Gas.
Minister, who has worked for many years in the first line of coal production, in the technical management of coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the coal industry. Liu Hong Guang, Doctor of Beijing University, Member of the Carbon Central and Professional Committee of the China Environmental Science Society.
The Institute's expert and assistant director led a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China's Energy Outlook 2060; completed a study on “Category Carbon Reaching and Implementation Path” in the petrochemical industry, and participated in the preparation of policy papers on oil and gas industry planning, construction of a new energy system, industrial carbon peaks and high-quality development in the country's ministries.
Guo Shei, Beijing University Environmental Engineering/National University of Singapore, and Beijing has a bachelor's degree in environmental engineering, with five years of upstream and downstream environmental industry and double carbon industry research.
Qin Ho, Master of Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States of America, Bachelor of Arts in Electrical Engineering and its Automation, Tianjin University, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity marketing reform, applied research in virtual power plants, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the electricity sector.
Wu Bo-jin, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for public environmental studies Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical industry.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, Li-Wing, cpa, Master of Accounting, Esen University of Economics and Management, Germany, September 2022, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which studied coal and coal mining intelligence.
Li Dung, Master of Architecture, University of Southern California, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in January 2023 for research in the coal industry. Tang Jiaoyu, Master of Social Sciences, University of Science and Technology, Hong Kong University of Economics and Trade, Bachelor of Finance, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
Liu Po, a management student at the Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 for research in the coal and steel industries. The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.