Non-financial company rating report - three-year commitment of good faith to sound operating profits in the first half of the year Investment rating: buy-in (up)
\triangleright billion yuan, a decrease of 61.96% in the same year; 1.803 billion yuan net profit on the second quarter of the single quarter, an increase of 302.47% in the same year. The company's second quarter of the single quarter saw a significant increase in non-profits in the first half of the year, and the price of coal was higher than expected.
Liu Xiao Ning, the company’s main business was sound in the first half of the year. The fall in net profits in the first half of the year was mainly due to a one-time return on investment (including non-recurring gains and losses) resulting from the divestiture of public power investment in the country last year, and the increase in net profits from the deduction was mainly due to a reduction of about $800 million in the value of the Da Henchuan hydroelectric plant during the same period last year (not including non-regime).
The price elasticity of coal under Dunspin’s CO2 structure exceeded market expectations. Another 624 million credit impairments in the second quarter were mainly due to bad debt losses. In terms of business data, the company had completed the sale of electricity at 1958 million kWh in the first half of the year, a decline of 3.53 per cent over the same period, with electricity, electricity, wind, light volts.
See, the volume of electricity sold at 10.9 billion kilowatt-hours fell by 1.38% from the same year, with fire power, utilities, wind power, photovoltaics, 738, 155, 54, and water wind and light rising at a smooth rate. With regard to the installation of machines, by the end of June 2025, the company had a total installed of 11.6 million kilowatts, of which electricity, utilities, wind power, lower than the current year ' s cash fraction, and the company would allocate the full amount of the accumulated undistributed profits from the combined caliber (as of June 2025, the company had not distributed it).
A profit of 30.8 billion yuan. The company simultaneously released a gold dividend of 0.1 yuan per share in mid 2025. We believe that this three-year bonus is sufficient to demonstrate the company's confidence in its own development and the importance it attaches to the interests of small and medium-sized shareholders, and that the share of red has risen significantly to 60% over the next three years, while emphasizing that there are many uncertainties about the electricity market and power development, and that the country's three-year fixed-sum-red commitment to electricity has gone up to a high proportion over the next three years.
By the end of 2023, the Group had not been able to do so.
The company is expected to produce 8gw and 4gw electricity and water in 2025-2026, with the additional power plant in the developed regions, mainly in the Sichuan River Basin (3.5gw). The company plans to spend 74.1 billion in 2025, roughly the same amount as in 2024, but the new energy capital expenditure plan in 2025 is about 28 billion, down from 2024.
Mainly in the interior, Gansu, etc., and 3.43 million kilowatts of photovoltaic, mainly in Tianjin, Xinjiang, Interior, etc. Profit forecasting and rating: we expect the company ' s net return profit for 2025-2027 to be $6,76,79 billion and the current share price to be p \triangleright
My personal views on the subject matter securities and issuers are not present, do not relate to, and will not be directly or indirectly linked to, specific investment opinions or opinions in this report, in a diligent and professional manner, using information on legal compliance, and in an independent and objective manner.