Rating
Date
Company
JONHON Optronic
Buy
Forecast Change
Asia
China
Reuters
Bloomberg
Exchange
Ticker
Industrials
002179.SZ
002179 CH
SHZ
Manufacturing
Luoyang HQ visit reaffirms earnings
uptrend; raising target price
Valuation & Risks
Nick Zheng, CFA
Order momentum picking up; Buy on multi-year earnings upcycle ahead
Research Analyst
We visited Jonhon Optronic's Luoyang headquarters last week and came back
with positive takeaways. Despite lagging revenue conversion in 3Q, the strong
pick-up in new orders, along with new capacity expansion, should accelerate
Sky Hong, CFA
earnings growth to 26% yoy in 2H17 (vs. 11% in 1H17) and 30%+ starting
Research Analyst
2018. With similar drivers ahead, the 2013-15 earnings upcycle - when the stock
outperformed its benchmark (SZCOMP) by 100% on strong earnings growth -
looks likely to be repeated. We raise our target price by 23% to Rmb43 and
maintain Buy.
Strong new order pipeline
Management guided for a back-end loaded 2017 at the beginning of this year and
expects growth for defence and NEV to speed up in 2H. Since the beginning of
3Q, the company has indeed been seeing a strong new order pipeline from its
customers for both segments though the actual signing of contracts may come a
Price/price relative
bit later than expected due to military reform (hence organizational reshuffle) and
stricter subsidy scheme (hence reevaluation of subsidy eligibility required). Given
capacity constraints (for NEV) and defense customers' delivery schedules, we
believe deliveries could be very skewed towards 4Q17 with revenue conversion
of some orders potentially delayed to 1H18.
- JONHON Optronic
Shenzhen Index (Rebased)
Multi-year earnings upcycle in sight, with upside potential
During a 5-year plan (FYP) period, Jonhon's earnings growth tends to pick up from
the third year and accelerate sharply into the final two years. With accelerating
weapon modernization, next-generation mobile network (5G in this FYP period),
vehicle electrification and new capacity expansion, we project a 33% earnings
CAGR over 2017-19 (vs. a 29% CAGR over 2012-14). Taking into account the
high base, our current projection assumes constant growth acceleration (30%
+) towards 2020 but we see upside potential from: 1) successful development
of integrated systems for defense applications (high value and high margin);
overseas expansion;new products (e.g., high-speed backplane connector,
liquid cooling system, etc.); 4) further penetration into Tesla's supply chain. These
earnings growth to a level comparable to that of 2014-15 (+39-67%).
Lowering earnings but lifting target price by 23%; risks
Our earnings estimate cuts of 4-6% for 2017-19 reflect: 1) delayed revenue
recognition for NEV and defense business for 2017; 2) lower telecom growth,
driven by slower-than-expected Huawei business; and 3) better-than-expected
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong
Deutsche Bank does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. Thus, investors should be
aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should consider
this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. DISCLOSURES AND ANALYST CERTIFICATIONS
ARE LOCATED IN APPENDIX 1. MCI (P) 083/04/2017.
margin performance in 1H17, driven by stringent cost control and favorable
product mix. Despite the earnings decrease, we raise our target price by 23% to
Rmb43 as we roll forward our valuation time frame. We base our target price on
a 2018E P/E of 30x, supported by an earnings CAGR of 33% over 2017-19E. Key
risks: further delay in military orders and higher-than-expected opex.
1H17 results review
NP largely in line despite slower-than-expected top-line growth
1H net profit of Rmb442m was up 11% yoy on flattish top-line growth (+1% yoy).
1H NP achieved 48% of our previous full-year estimate, largely in line with the
historical average.
The slow top-line growth was mainly due to the high comparison base as 1) some
rush military orders placed towards end-2015 were delivered in 1H16 (when sales
rose 36% yoy), and 2) strong NEV momentum was sustained into 1H16 before
cooling down in 2H16 on subsidy uncertainties.
GP margin expansion of c.3ppt yoy to 36.8% (vs. 2017DBe: 33.8%) is better
than expected, driven by stringent cost control and favorable product mix (higher
contribution from high-margin products).
For 2Q alone, sales reverted to positive growth (+5% yoy) from a 3% drop in 1Q,
with margin further expanded to 38.2% vs. 35.2% in 1Q. NP growth accelerated
slightly to 12% as strong margin expansion was partly offset by higher opex
(+13% yoy mainly driven by R&D expenses).
Defense still held up firm; NEV weak as expected while telecom disappointed
While no detailed breakdown by end-market was disclosed, at the investor
meeting management mentioned that the defense segment still managed to
grow, albeit at a slower pace due to the high base. By end-market, aviation,
shipbuilding, and weaponry still saw double-digit growth while electronics and
nuclear recorded negative growth.
Sales of NEV segment were down c.50% yoy in 1H, largely in line with the
industry trend. On the other hand, the telecom business recorded only single-digit
growth with strong export growth (+40% yoy) largely offset by slow domestic
business. We note that Huawei's telecom/datacom equipment business (carrier
and enterprise network on a combined basis) was up only 5% yoy in 1H, a visible
slowdown from 25%+ in 2015-2016. On the other hand, Jonhon has successfully
penetrated into the supply chains of foreign telecom equipment players, including
Samsung and Nokia, which drove a 100% yoy increase in its overseas orders in
1H. The rising contribution of export sales also bodes well for profitability as its
GPM is higher at 25-30% (vs. 10-20% for domestic telecom business).
Order momentum picking up in 2H
Since the beginning of 3Q, the company has indeed been seeing a strong new
order pipeline from its customers for both defense and NEV segments. While the
trend has been well anticipated, the timing of orders was actually a bit later than
the company had expected.
For defense, the delay was mainly due to military reform, which has
Military reform and stricter NEV subsidy
resulted in an organizational reshuffle within the weapon procurement
scheme are the two causes for the delay in
department.
contract signing.
For NEV, the delay was mainly because of the additional time it takes for
customers to go through the re-evaluation process in order to be eligible
for incentives as a stricter subsidy scheme is imposed.
Given capacity constraints and defense
The outcome is that customers would place orders very close to end-3Q (vs.
customers' delivery schedules, we believe
early-3Q normally in the past). For NEV, its NEV production line is already
deliveries could be very skewed towards
operating at full utilization now, which means capacity constraints could impact
4Q17 with revenue conversion of some
revenue conversion heading into 4Q with deliveries of some orders potentially
orders potentially delayed to 1H18.
delayed to 1H18. Similarly, for defense, due to customers' strict delivery
schedules, we believe a risk of delayed revenue conversion (into 1H18) also exists.
Taking into account the risks above, we are now expecting 26% earnings growth
in 2H17, lowered from our previous forecast of 43% growth. In particular, we
expect growth to significantly accelerate starting 4Q with strong momentum likely
persisting into 2018.
The 2013-15 earnings upcycle will likely be repeated in
Growth of defense segment is typically back-
The defense sector is largely policy driven and heavily planned by the government.
end loaded within a five-year-plan period.
As a result, Jonhon's defense business has showed a clear pattern within a five-
year-plan period. The first two years are typically slow in terms of growth as new
equipment models are mostly at the R&D stage. Growth normally speeds up from
the third year towards the final two years (i.e., the fourth and the fifth year) on
accelerating new equipment procurement by the military.
Telecom capex cycle also has a significant
Similarly, its telecom business is also subject to the telecom capex cycle
impact on Jonhon's earnings.
although in recent years the company managed to achieve counter-cyclical
growth, leveraging on Huawei's successful overseas expansion and through its
penetration into foreign telecom equipment players' supply chains. In the previous
FYP period, the 4G capex upcycle boosted its telecom business in 2014-2015. In
this FYP period, we expect similar story to play out in the final two years, driven
by the 5G network build-out.
We see very similar growth drivers in
In short, we believe similar growth drivers could continue to play out in the final
2018-20 compared to 2013-15, the earnings
three years of this FYP period, including: 1) accelerating weapon modernization; 2)
upcycle in the previous FYP period
next-generation mobile network build-out; and 3) strong NEV sales. These positive
vs. Luoyang Phase III in 2019), should drive a multi-year earnings uplift towards
We see upside potential to our current
Taking into account the high base, our current projections assume a constant
projections if these additional growth drivers
growth acceleration (30%+) towards 2020 but we see upside potential from:
materialize.
1) successful development of integrated systems for defense applications (high
value and high margin); 2) overseas expansion; 3) new products (e.g., high-speed
backplane connector, liquid cooling system, etc.); and 4) further penetration into
Tesla's supply chain. These additional growth drivers, if they materialize, could
(+39-67\%).
We believe the 2013-15 earnings upcycle
will likely be repeated in 2018-20.
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong
Earnings revisions, valuation and risks
Earnings revisions
Our earnings cuts of 4-6% for 2017-19 factor in: 1) delayed revenue recognition for
NEV and defense business for 2017; 2) lower growth for telecom business, driven
by slower-than-expected Huawei business; and 3) better-than-expected margin
performance in 1H17, driven by stringent cost control and favorable product mix.
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates
Valuation
as we roll forward our valuation time frame. We base our target price on a 2018E
P/E of 30x, supported by an earnings CAGR of 33% over 2017-19E.
Risks
Key downside risks include: 1) an unexpected slowdown in China's weapon
spending; 2) intensifying competition from electronic component suppliers of
other Chinese defense groups or potential new non-SOE entrants as a result of the
promotion of military-civil integration; 3) an unexpected increase in raw material
costs; and 4) slower-than-expected market share expansion in civil markets.
JONHON Optronic
Reuters: 002179.SZ
Bloomberg: 002179 CH
Buy
Company Profile
JONHON Optronic, headquartered in Luoyang, Henan Province,
is one of the largest professional interconnect solution provider
as well as the largest professional designer and manufacturer of
optical, electrical and fluid connectors in China. The company's
products are widely used in aviation, aerospace, weapons, navy,
telecommunications, railway, power supply, electric, urban mass
transit, new energy, and other military and civil fields.
Nick Zheng, CFA
Important Disclosures
Analyst Certification
The views expressed in this report accurately reflect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst(s) about the
subject issuer and the securities of the issuer. In addition, the undersigned lead analyst(s) has not and will not receive any
compensation for providing a specific recommendation or view in this report. Nick Zheng
Historical recommendations and target price. JONHON Optronic (002179.SZ)
(as of 09/13/2017)
Current Recommendations
Buy
Hold
Sell
Not Rated
Suspended Rating
Deutsche Bank
11/25/2015
Buy, Target Price Change CNY 50,00 Nick Zheng, CFA
Buy, Target Price Change CNY 46,00 Nick Zheng, CFA
04/04/2016
Buy, Target Price Change CNY 45,50 Nick Zheng, CFA
Buy, Target Price Change CNY 35,00 Nick Zheng, CFA
Buy, Target Price Change CNY 50,00 Nick Zheng, CFA
08/09/2016
Equity rating dispersion and banking relationships
Equity Rating Key
Buy: Based on a current 12- month view of total share-holder
return (TSR = percentage change in share price from current
price to projected target price plus pro-jected dividend yield),
we recommend that investors buy the stock.
Sell: Based on a current 12-month view of total share-holder
return, we recommend that investors sell the stock.
Hold: We take a neutral view on the stock 12-months out and,
based on this time horizon, do not recommend either a Buy
or Sell.
Newly issued research recommendations and target prices
supersede previously published research.
Manufacturing
JONHON Optronic
Additional Information
The information and opinions in this report were prepared by Deutsche Bank AG or one of its affiliates (collectively
"Deutsche Bank"). Though the information herein is believed to be reliable and has been obtained from public sources
believed to be reliable, Deutsche Bank makes no representation as to its accuracy or completeness. Hyperlinks to third-
party websites in this report are provided for reader convenience only. Deutsche Bank neither endorses the content nor
is responsible for the accuracy or security controls of these websites.
If you use the services of Deutsche Bank in connection with a purchase or sale of a security that is discussed in this report,
or is included or discussed in another communication (oral or written) from a Deutsche Bank analyst, Deutsche Bank may
act as principal for its own account or as agent for another person.
Deutsche Bank may consider this report in deciding to trade as principal. It may also engage in transactions, for its
own account or with customers, in a manner inconsistent with the views taken in this research report. Others within
Deutsche Bank, including strategists, sales staff and other analysts, may take views that are inconsistent with those taken
in this research report. Deutsche Bank issues a variety of research products, including fundamental analysis, equity-linked
analysis, quantitative analysis and trade ideas. Recommendations contained in one type of communication may differ
from recommendations contained in others, whether as a result of differing time horizons, methodologies or otherwise.
Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliates may also be holding debt or equity securities of the issuers it writes on. Analysts are
paid in part based on the profitability of Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliates, which includes investment banking, trading
and principal trading revenues.
Opinions, estimates and projections constitute the current judgment of the author as of the date of this report. They do
not necessarily reflect the opinions of Deutsche Bank and are subject to change without notice. Deutsche Bank provides
liquidity for buyers and sellers of securities issued by the companies it covers. Deutsche Bank research analysts sometimes
have shorter-term trade ideas that are consistent or inconsistent with Deutsche Bank's existing longer term ratings. Trade
by an analyst that a stock will outperform or underperform the market and/or sector delineated over a time frame of no
less than two weeks. In addition to SOLAR ideas, the analysts named in this report may from time to time discuss with
our clients, Deutsche Bank salespersons and Deutsche Bank traders, trading strategies or ideas that reference catalysts
or events that may have a near-term or medium-term impact on the market price of the securities discussed in this report,
which impact may be directionally counter to the analysts' current 12-month view of total return or investment return as
described herein. Deutsche Bank has no obligation to update, modify or amend this report or to otherwise notify a recipient
thereof if any opinion, forecast or estimate contained herein changes or subsequently becomes inaccurate. Coverage and
the frequency of changes in market conditions and in both general and company specific economic prospects make it
difficult to update research at defined intervals. Updates are at the sole discretion of the coverage analyst concerned or of
the Research Department Management and as such the majority of reports are published at irregular intervals. This report
is provided for informational purposes only and does not take into account the particular investment objectives, financial
situations, or needs of individual clients. It is not an offer or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any financial instruments
or to participate in any particular trading strategy. Target prices are inherently imprecise and a product of the analyst ^\prime s
judgment. The financial instruments discussed in this report may not be suitable for all investors and investors must make
their own informed investment decisions. Prices and availability of financial instruments are subject to change without
notice and investment transactions can lead to losses as a result of price fluctuations and other factors. If a financial
instrument is denominated in a currency other than an investor's currency, a change in exchange rates may adversely
affect the investment. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. Unless otherwise indicated, prices
are current as of the end of the previous trading session, and are sourced from local exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg
and other vendors. Data is sourced from Deutsche Bank, subject companies, and in some cases, other parties.
The Deutsche Bank Research Department is independent of other business areas divisions of the Bank. Details regarding
our organizational arrangements and information barriers we have to prevent and avoid conflicts of interest with respect
to our research is available on our website under Disclaimer found on the Legal tab.
Manufacturing
JONHON Optronic
Macroeconomic fluctuations often account for most of the risks associated with exposures to instruments that promise
to pay fixed or variable interest rates. For an investor who is long fixed rate instruments (thus receiving these cash flows),
increases in interest rates naturally lift the discount factors applied to the expected cash flows and thus cause a loss.
The longer the maturity of a certain cash flow and the higher the move in the discount factor, the higher will be the
loss. Upside surprises in inflation, fiscal funding needs, and FX depreciation rates are among the most common adverse
macroeconomic shocks to receivers. But counterparty exposure, issuer creditworthiness, client segmentation, regulation
(including changes in assets holding limits for different types of investors), changes in tax policies, currency convertibility
(which may constrain currency conversion, repatriation of profits and/or the liquidation of positions), and settlement issues
related to local clearing houses are also important risk factors to be considered. The sensitivity of fixed income instruments
to macroeconomic shocks may be mitigated by indexing the contracted cash flows to inflation, to FX depreciation, or to
specified interest rates – these are common in emerging markets. It is important to note that the index fixings may -- by
construction -- lag or mis-measure the actual move in the underlying variables they are intended to track. The choice of the
proper fixing (or metric) is particularly important in swaps markets, where floating coupon rates (i.e., coupons indexed to
a typically short-dated interest rate reference index) are exchanged for fixed coupons. It is also important to acknowledge
that funding in a currency that differs from the currency in which coupons are denominated carries FX risk. Naturally,
options on swaps (swaptions) also bear the risks typical to options in addition to the risks related to rates movements.
Derivative transactions involve numerous risks including, among others, market, counterparty default and illiquidity risk.
The appropriateness or otherwise of these products for use by investors is dependent on the investors' own circumstances
including their tax position, their regulatory environment and the nature of their other assets and liabilities, and as such,
investors should take expert legal and financial advice before entering into any transaction similar to or inspired by the
contents of this publication. The risk of loss in futures trading and options, foreign or domestic, can be substantial. As a
result of the high degree of leverage obtainable in futures and options trading, losses may be incurred that are greater
than the amount of funds initially deposited. Trading in options involves risk and is not suitable for all investors. Prior
to buying or selling an option investors must review the "Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options", at http://
your Deutsche Bank representative for a copy of this important document.
Participants in foreign exchange transactions may incur risks arising from several factors, including the following: ( i)
exchange rates can be volatile and are subject to large fluctuations; ( ii) the value of currencies may be affected by
numerous market factors, including world and national economic, political and regulatory events, events in equity and
debt markets and changes in interest rates; and (iii) currencies may be subject to devaluation or government imposed
exchange controls which could affect the value of the currency. Investors in securities such as ADRs, whose values are
affected by the currency of an underlying security, effectively assume currency risk.
Unless governing law provides otherwise, all transactions should be executed through the Deutsche Bank entity in the
investor's home jurisdiction. Aside from within this report, important conflict disclosures can also be found at https://
gm.db.com/equities under the "Disclosures Lookup" and "Legal" tabs. Investors are strongly encouraged to review this
information before investing.
Deutsche Bank (which includes Deutsche Bank AG, its branches and all affiliated companies) is not acting as a financial
adviser, consultant or fiduciary to you, any of your agents (collectively, "You" or "Your") with respect to any information
provided in the materials attached hereto. Deutsche Bank does not provide investment, legal, tax or accounting advice,
Deutsche Bank is not acting as Your impartial adviser, and does not express any opinion or recommendation whatsoever
as to any strategies, products or any other information presented in the materials. Information contained herein is being
provided solely on the basis that the recipient will make an independent assessment of the merits of any investment
decision, and it does not constitute a recommendation of, or express an opinion on, any product or service or any trading
strategy.
The information presented is general in nature and is not directed to retirement accounts or any specific person or account
type, and is therefore provided to You on the express basis that it is not advice, and You may not rely upon it in making
Your decision. The information we provide is being directed only to persons we believe to be financially sophisticated,
who are capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to particular transactions
and investment strategies, and who understand that Deutsche Bank has financial interests in the offering of its products
Manufacturing
JONHON Optronic
and services. If this is not the case, or if You are an IRA or other retail investor receiving this directly from us, we ask
that you inform us immediately.
United States: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank Securities Incorporated, a member of FINRA, NFA and SIPC.
Analysts located outside of the United States are employed by non-US affiliates that are not subject to FINRA regulations.
Germany: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, a joint stock corporation with limited liability incorporated
in the Federal Republic of Germany with its principal office in Frankfurt am Main. Deutsche Bank AG is authorized under
German Banking Law and is subject to supervision by the European Central Bank and by BaFin, Germany ' s Federal
Financial Supervisory Authority.
United Kingdom: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG acting through its London Branch at Winchester
House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB. Deutsche Bank AG in the United Kingdom is authorised by the
Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority and Financial
Conduct Authority. Details about the extent of our authorisation and regulation are available on request.
Hong Kong: Distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited.
India: Prepared by Deutsche Equities India Pvt Ltd, which is registered by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI)
as a stock broker. Research Analyst SEBI Registration Number is INH000001741. DEIPL may have received administrative
warnings from the SEBI for breaches of Indian regulations.
Japan: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Securities Inc.(DSI). Registration number - Registered as a financial
instruments dealer by the Head of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 117. Member of associations: JSDA, Type
II Financial Instruments Firms Association and The Financial Futures Association of Japan. Commissions and risks involved
in stock transactions - for stock transactions, we charge stock commissions and consumption tax by multiplying the
transaction amount by the commission rate agreed with each customer. Stock transactions can lead to losses as a result
of share price fluctuations and other factors. Transactions in foreign stocks can lead to additional losses stemming from
foreign exchange fluctuations. We may also charge commissions and fees for certain categories of investment advice,
products and services. Recommended investment strategies, products and services carry the risk of losses to principal
and other losses as a result of changes in market and/or economic trends, and/or fluctuations in market value. Before
deciding on the purchase of financial products and/or services, customers should carefully read the relevant disclosures,
prospectuses and other documentation. "Moody's", "Standard & Poor's", and "Fitch" mentioned in this report are not
registered credit rating agencies in Japan unless Japan or "Nippon" is specifically designated in the name of the entity.
Reports on Japanese listed companies not written by analysts of DSI are written by Deutsche Bank Group's analysts with
the coverage companies specified by DSI. Some of the foreign securities stated on this report are not disclosed according
to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan. Target prices set by Deutsche Bank's equity analysts are based
on a 12-month forecast period.
Korea: Distributed by Deutsche Securities Korea Co.
South Africa: Deutsche Bank AG Johannesburg is incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany (Branch Register
Number in South Africa: 1998/003298/10).
Singapore: by Deutsche Bank AG, Singapore Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited, Singapore Branch (One Raffles
Quay #18-00 South Tower Singapore 048583, +65 6423 8001), which may be contacted in respect of any matters arising
from, or in connection with, this report. Where this report is issued or promulgated in Singapore to a person who is not an
accredited investor, expert investor or institutional investor (as defined in the applicable Singapore laws and regulations),
they accept legal responsibility to such person for its contents.
Taiwan: Information on securities/investments that trade in Taiwan is for your reference only. Readers should
independently evaluate investment risks and are solely responsible for their investment decisions. Deutsche Bank research
may not be distributed to the Taiwan public media or quoted or used by the Taiwan public media without written consent.
Information on securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only and is not to be
Manufacturing
JONHON Optronic
construed as a recommendation to trade in such securities/instruments. Deutsche Securities Asia Limited. Taipei Branch
may not execute transactions for clients in these securities/instruments.
Qatar: Deutsche Bank AG in the Qatar Financial Centre (registered no. 00032) is regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre
Regulatory Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - QFC Branch may only undertake the financial services activities that fall within
the scope of its existing QFCRA license. Principal place of business in the QFC: Qatar Financial Centre, Tower, West
Bay, Level 5, PO Box 14928, Doha, Qatar. This information has been distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related financial
products or services are only available to Business Customers, as defined by the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory
Authority.
Russia: This information, interpretation and opinions submitted herein are not in the context of, and do not constitute,
any appraisal or evaluation activity requiring a license in the Russian Federation.
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia LLC Company, (registered no. 07073-37) is regulated by
the Capital Market Authority. Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia may only undertake the financial services activities that
fall within the scope of its existing CMA license. Principal place of business in Saudi Arabia: King Fahad Road, Al Olava
District, P.O. Box 301809, Faisaliah Tower - 17th Floor, 11372 Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
United Arab Emirates: Deutsche Bank AG in the Dubai International Financial Centre (registered no. 00045) is regulated
by the Dubai Financial Services Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - DIFC Branch may only undertake the financial services
activities that fall within the scope of its existing DFSA license. Principal place of business in the DIFC: Dubai International
Financial Centre, The Gate Village, Building 5, PO Box 504902, Dubai, U.A.E. This information has been distributed by
Deutsche Bank AG. Related financial products or services are only available to Professional Clients, as defined by the
Dubai Financial Services Authority.
Australia: Retail clients should obtain a copy of a Product Disclosure Statement (PDS) relating to any financial product
referred to in this report and consider the PDS before making any decision about whether to acquire the product. Please
research-information.html
Australia and New Zealand: This research is intended only for "wholesale clients" within the meaning of the Australian
Corporations Act and New Zealand Financial Advisors Act respectively.
Additional information relative to securities, other financial products or issuers discussed in this report is available upon
request. This report may not be reproduced, distributed or published without Deutsche Bank's prior written consent.
Copyright © 2017 Deutsche Bank AG
David Folkerts-Landau
Group Chief Economist and Global Head of Research
Steve Pollard
Raj Hindocha
Michael Spencer
Head of APAC Research
Global Chief Operating Officer
Head of Americas Research
Global Head of Economics
Research
Global Head of Equity Research
Anthony Klarman
Paul Reynolds
Dave Clark
Pam Finelli
Global Head of
Head of EMEA
Head of APAC
Global Head of
Debt Research
Equity Research
Equity Research
Equity Derivatives Research
Andreas Neubauer
Spyros Mesomeris
Global Head of Quantitative
Head of Research - Germany
and QIS Research
International locations
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Securities Inc.
Deutsche Bank Place
Filiale Hongkong
2-11-1 Nagatacho
International Commerce Centre,
Sanno Park Tower
60329 Frankfurt am Main
Corner of Hunter & Phillip Streets
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Germany
Hong Kong
Japan
Australia
Deutsche Bank AG London
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
1 Great Winchester Street
60 Wall Street
London EC2N 2EQ
United Kingdom
United States of America