There's plenty of room for the Yakuza River to grow up, and the river's price rises.
Hydropower is the main industry, and self-constructed and M & As are driving the growth of installed machines. The company insists on a “one-owned two-pronged” industry, with hydropower as its core industry, relying on river basins such as the Yagi River, the Great ferry River, the Tanya Bay River, which have unique resource advantages, for project development in the form of a combination of equity and control. As of the first half of 2023,
The company has an equity capacity of 14.82gw, holding a stock capacity of 1.41gw.
Over 50% of the capacity of the Yagi River hydropower plant has grown, and 40gw is planned for the new energy future. 48% of the participants have exclusive rights to the development of Yai River, the third largest hydroelectric base in the country. Water resources in the river basin are at a level of 4,300 hours and water levels in Sichuan province have changed slightly from year to year.
19.2gw The construction of 3.72gw is expected to take place in the fifteenth year of production, with an advance master plan of 30gw, with 56% of the hydropower growth space. There is a wide scope for integrated growth of wind and light development along the river basin, with wind and light development over 40gw. By the first half of 2023, the wind and light 1gw had been launched and 1.43gw was being built.
It is expected that new energy will reach 20gw, 30gw and 40gw in 2030, 2035 and 2050, respectively. The increase in the number of large river loads is clear and is expected to rise. 20% of the participating countries, the National Energy River Company, have already produced about 11gw, and are expected to produce 3.52gw by 2025.
Water use is low, with 10.7 billion kilowatt-hours in 2020, or 53% in Sichuan province, and 35% in the main basins of the country. With the construction of the Tsong Tshunt and the construction of the two estuary hydroelectric plants with annual capacity, water disposal will be eased. The economic development of Sichuan province has led to a rapid increase in electricity consumption.
The overall supply and demand is expected to be tight from year to year, given that the power supply structure in Sichuan province is dominated by hydropower, with limited installed capacity and vulnerability to fluctuations in incoming water. Against this background, the Sichuan market converts water.
The price of electricity has risen significantly, with an average annual increase of $0.012/kWh since 1455, a compound increase in the price of electricity, an asset liability rate lower than the industry’s leader, and room for improvement. As of the third quarter of 2023, the debt on corporate capital was less than 40%, well below the level of about 60% of Yangtze power, energy and electricity.
In the long run, as holdings, participations, are being built, the company’s cash recovery capacity will increase further, and there will be room for further improvement in the distribution of dividends. Qualitative resources, water and light complement each other and grow significantly, maintaining a “pull” over other hydropower tap valuations.
(i) Hydropower is the main industry, and Yagi River's performance is prominent (i) hydropower is the main industry, with continuous capacity growth and Sichuan energy supply (600674.sh) is preceded by the Xiaomei Iron Alloy Factory, which was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 1993.
In 1998, the whole of the Sichuan investment group joined the Xiaomei alloying plant and became its controlling shareholder. In 2005, the name of the Department was changed to “Schon investment control”. As of January 2024, the Sichuan investment group held 49.26% of the company's shareholdings and the Sichuan State Finance Committee was the real controller. The Sichuan investment group was Sichuan province's early start-up, profitable, asset-quality, industrial.
A wide range of State-owned asset owners have formed a “1+3” industry with the energy industry at its core, the electronics information industry, the big health industry, advanced materials and the strategic and emerging industries at its core. The company insists on a “one-to-one-to-one” industry, with hydropower at its core, and covers orbital transport electrical automation systems and fibre optics.
High-technology areas such as research and development and production of fibre-optic products. The hydroelectric industry relies on the Yagi River, the Great River, the Jinsha River, the Tanya River, the Qing Eiji River, the Tianchang River, the Nizhi River, the Jai River, etc., which has unique resource advantages, for the development, investment, construction and operation of hydroelectric plants, mainly five holding power companies and six participating electricity companies. Of these, 48% of the company owned the third largest hydroelectric power plant in the country.
14.82gw, an increase of 11.2 per cent in the same year; 35.41gw, an increase of 0.8 per cent in the same year for the total installed capacity (excluding the three gorges of new energy, the medium-wide nuclear wind power and the medium nuclear transfer capacity); and 1.41gw, an increase in the capacity of the holding unit.
In the first half of 2023, 19.2gw, the company ' s 48% equity counterpart installed 9.22gw, or 62.2% of the company ' s interest installed; 11.73gw, the company ' s 20% equity counterpart installed 2.35gw, or 15.8% of the company ' s interest installed 11.56gw.
This represents 78% of the company’s equity installation. Other important participating companies in the company’s diversified master-sector investment projects include tri-thmus energy, China’s nuclear transfer power, Kajiang Tianguchi, Middle-wide nuclear wind power, etc. (ii) performance has grown steadily, with a difference of income from year to year.
1. The revenue from the Yakuza River has increased significantly in terms of its income and net profit growth. In the case of the Yakuza River, the increase in the price of hydroelectric power has resulted in insufficient water and an average of 0.313 yuan in 2023 (years + 8.7 per cent) in connection with the Yakuza River and 84.24 billion kilowatt-hours (years + 4.8 per cent) in connection with the generation of electricity. Water is expected to recover in 2024, leading to returns on investment in the Yakang River and the Grand River.
Figure 5: Companies ' annual collections and growth rates Figure 6: Companies ' annual net profits and increases The company ' s profits consist mainly of investment returns, which have exceeded 100% in recent years.
The power plant has come into production, increased the country ' s capacity to cross the river by 10%, and acquired the energy transfer by 6.4%, and the company ' s equity has continued to grow. Figure 8: The company ' s return on investment as a percentage of the net return on the mother ' s profits The Yagi River ' s main investment gain on hydropower contribution is close to 90%. The company ' s 48% shareholding is the third largest in the country.
In recent years, the annual net profits of Yagi River have been around $6.7 billion, with 48% of the company holding shares contributing around $3.3 billion. Since the 14th century, water recovery is expected to boost the profits center with the successive production of the two estuaries, the Yang Qui power station, and on-line electricity prices. In the first half of 2023, Yaiji River's net profits were around $4.295 billion.
Contributions amounted to 2,062 million yuan, or 89.6 per cent of investment earnings in the first half of the year, or 98.3 per cent of the net profit from the first half of the year, with a financial cost rate of 45.99 per cent, or 77 per cent of the cost of the period. As a result of accelerated investment mergers and acquisitions, the size of the company ' s interest-bearing liability increased significantly over the same period, with the previous three quarters ' financial cost of $469 million, or 21.2 per cent more than the previous quarter.
A 10bp drop would reduce interest costs by more than 23 million yuan per year. Figure 14: The annual dividends of the company still have room for improvement. In recent years, the average annual dividends paid by the company have been around 50%, which is similar to energy and electricity, and is significantly lower than the Yangtze River.
3. Operating cash flows are stable, asset liabilities are lower than industry leaders, operating cash flows are stable and investing cash flows fluctuate more annually.
The business model is clear after the camp period, with a high percentage of depreciated costs leading to a strong cash flow. In recent years, the company has been operating net cash flows of $460 million to the right, of which $423 million in net cash flows in the first three quarters of 2023, an increase of 7.1 per cent over the same period.
The asset-liability ratio has risen, but it is still lower than the other hydropower poles. In recent years, corporate asset-liability ratios have remained significantly lower than industry-led owing to corporate investment in mergers and acquisitions, as well as over 60% of their own power plants.
(i) Water resources are abundant with more than 50 per cent of installed capacity, conventional hydropower development is nearing completion, and high-quality large hydropower is scarce. According to the results of China ' s hydro resources review, only the theoretical amount of 100 million kWh is considered, and the technology of hydropower plants with a capacity of 5 million kW and above can be developed with a capacity of 542 million kW per year of electricity generation.
One billion kilowatts, or more than 90% of the economy, are ready for development. Since the beginning of the 14th century, with the production of the Qingsha River Coal and Utungde power stations, the Yagi River mouth station and the Yang Dynasty power station, the “Thirteen” hydroelectric bases have been installed for more than 5 million kilowatts, and high-quality large hydropower is scarce.
It is located in the western part of Sichuan province and is the largest tributary of the river ' s upper Qingsha. cubic metres/seconds, with an average run-off of 59.1 billion cubic metres over the years. Dry currents have planned a 22-level hydroelectric plant with a total installed capacity of about 30gw, generating about 150 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity annually, with prominent features such as hydro-resource enrichment, good regulatory performance, low inundation, and superior economic indicators.
The Jiang hydroelectric base is ranked third in the "Planning the Thirteen Great Hydropower Bases in China" after the Jinsha River hydroelectric base and the Yangtze Upper hydroelectric base. Yajiang has already produced 19.2gw and is constructing and planning to load about 11gw, with 56% of the space for growth.
The first hydroelectric plant, the rest of which became operational by 2016; (2) the mid-streaming of the two estuaries to the Kala subdistrict in the subdistrict of the suburb of the suburb of the suburb of the suburb of the suburb of the suburb of the suburb, 268 km long, planning seven ladder stations with a total installation of 8.22gw, of which the two estuarys, the Yang Qui hydroelectric station were successively operational in 2021-2022, and the construction of water and electricity stations at the Kala, Mondiguy and Toothgan levels, which are expected to be operational by 2030; and (3) the upstream development of the Kanzi Shizu Temple to the cool mountains.
In the two estuaries of the county of Sidr County, 688 km long, 10 elevator power stations are planned, with a total installed capacity of 3.45gw. Water from the Yagang river basin is stable, and the estuary from the two rivers can be regulated for many years. Water from the Yagang river basin is mainly precipitation and includes underground water and snow-melting supplies, and water levels are stable. In addition to the apparent water decomposition in 2023, water from the last few years has averaged between 4 billion and 6 billion metres per month.
With the completion of the estuaries, three main connections have been established with the tiles and the two-basin hydroelectric plants, with a total of 1,484 billion cubic metres, which provide a very strong flow-reconciling capability that will allow the Jaguar escalators to be regulated over the years. A strong reservoir capacity will not only reduce the saturation of the water during the water-rich period, but also improve the Sichuan power grid's “satu-deficit-deficit” balance.
Since 2015, Yagi River has used 4830 hours of hydropower per year, which is significantly higher than the total.
Even in 2023, when the water came with a marked decomposition, the annual utility hours of Yagi River reached 4388 hours, significantly higher than the national average of 3133 hours and the national average of 3995 hours of Sichuan.
Figure 24: Average number of hours used by the Yakuza compared to the national average of Sichuan (ii) The water is vast and market-driven, power and electricity prices are high. 1. New energy sources have been put into production at 1gw, with 40gw planned for the future.
According to the 14th Five-Year Renewable Energy Development Plan of the National Development Commission and the National Energy Agency, hydropower has been built during the 14th Five-Year Plan, capacity for new hydropower production and water evacuation corridors have been built during the 14th Five-Year Plan, and the integrated development of the 14-Year Plan has been advanced.
And the main basins of the South-East Water Wind and Light Base, and the new energy planning and installation units are tens of thousands of kilowatts in which the Yagi River basin can develop new energy sources of more than 40gw.
The Yagi River plans a new energy source of 40gw, which is now in production at 1gw. The Yajang River waterwinds complement the green clean renewable energy demonstration base with a total size of over 80gw, with wind power, photovoltaic power over 40gw, and water pumping power over 10gw. Once built, it will be one of the world ' s largest green clean renewable energy bases. In June 2023, the Yajang waterworks of two river vents complemented the Kola light volt.
According to the Yagi River Current Development Plan, it is expected that new energy will reach 20gw in 2030 and 30gw in 2035, and that pumped water will reach 5gw\10gw in 2035.
Electricity prices have recovered since the beginning of the 14th century, and marketization is expected to boost the price of hydropower.
In the case of hydroelectric power stations, which are dominated by intra-provincial consumption, priority is given to the implementation of the Sichuan Sooping Power Price Policy (based on the priority prices approved by the hydropower stations, 24.5 per cent during the dry season from December to April of the following year, and 24 per cent during the boom period from June to October), to participation in the marketing of electricity in addition to the priority amount, and to the implementation of the market price of electricity: the Yang Quing hydroelectric power station is delivered to Jiangxi, for which no clear pricing mechanism has yet been established.
In the early stages of electricity marketization in the 13th century, there was a total decline of 16.7 per cent over the six years, and since the 14th century, the prices of electricity from the Yagi River, which benefited from improved supply and demand relations and contributed to higher prices for marketized settlements, and from the two estuaries, have recovered from 0.255 yuan/kWh in 2020 to 0.313 kWh/kWh in 2023.
In 2023, the average cost of electricity on the Yagi River went up to an all-time high. The price of electricity stagnated, with 1455 years of excellent profitability. Although the water from the nation and Sichuan has died every year since the beginning of the 14th century, it has benefited from a recovery in the price of electricity.
The rates were 60.92 per cent and 33.12 per cent, respectively; in the first three quarters of 2023, the ratio was 64.76 per cent for Yagi River, corresponding to 0.48 pct, net interest rate was 40.64 per cent, compared to 3.45 pct. In 2022, Yajiang net profit on hydropower was 0.083/kWh; and in the third quarter of 2023, Yajiang net profit on hydropower was 0.119/kWh, corresponding to +0.026/kWh.
Sichuan Province is growing rapidly, with a more homogeneous power supply and demand tight from year to year. The two-city economic circle of Chengjing is located at the crossroads between the "one-way" and the Yangtze economies, and has a unique and important strategic position in the national development landscape. Since the 13th and 20th years, the combined growth rate of Gdp in Sichuan Province has been 6.5% in 2016-2023, up from 5.7% in the same period; rapid economic growth has led to a strong demand for electricity.
In 2016-2023, Sichuan power generation increased by 9.3 per cent more than in the same period, by 6.8 per cent more than in Sichuan province, and, on the supply side, the power generation in Sichuan province was lagging behind in the increase in electricity consumption and demand was tight each year, owing to the fact that the power supply structure in Sichuan province was dominated by hydropower, limited loads and vulnerability to fluctuations in water availability. In 2022, there was a severe shortage of electricity during the water-rich period for the first time.
Figure 30: Sichuan Province ' s electricity supply (millions of kWh) and speed of increase is expected to boost the price of electricity on the grid. Currently, the price of electricity on the grid is widely discounted, with Sichuan and Yunnan accessing the grid at only 0.2-0.25 kWh per year, 35-45% lower than the price of local coal poles, and marketization is expected to drive the price up for the second time in 2015.
The share of electricity traded on the market has increased considerably since the start of the electricity revolution. In recent years, more than 75% of electricity generated by hydropower has been generated in Sichuan, so that the share of electricity traded on the market in Sichuan as a whole can reflect the participation of hydropower in the market. Between 2017 and 2023, the share of electricity traded on the market in Sichuan Province increased by 0.004/kWh per year; since 1455, supply and demand have shifted to tight prices for electricity on the hydroelectric market in 2021-2023.
In recent years, there has been a marked decline in capital spending and a high flow of free cash. Since 2016, five power stations in the lower Yagi River have been fully operational, down to $2017-$70-8 billion per year.
Figure 33: Expenditure on the Yagi River net cash and the purchase of fixed assets The Yai River ' s capital expenditure has fallen and water is expected to recover in 2024, with further room for improvement in the distribution of dividends.
In 2022, the two major shareholders’ need for additional capital to invest electricity and energy into the country fell. In 2022, the river invested energy to the Yangtze River was $720 million and received $2.16 billion in dividends from the Yangtze River. In 2024, water was expected to recover, leading to higher profits from the Yangtze River Company, and the distribution of profits from the river to the river 's 34: Replenishment and dividends from the Yagang Hydroelectric Company.
iii. The increase in the capacity of the river is clear, and there is much room for profit: (i) the river has been put into production for 11 gw, 352 gw in and around 2025. The river flows from the southeast of Golo Hills, Qinghai Province, and is divided between East and West.
After the merger, known as the Great River, which flows through the cities of Sichuan A dam, Ganzi, and Jaan, the city of Le Shan is transferred into the river. The main tributaries and rivers contain 3,368,000 kW of water resources, accounting for 23.6 per cent of the total hydroelectric resources in Sichuan province. They rank fifth in the 13 largest hydroelectric bases in the country. They rank third in the Sichuan Sanjiang hydroelectric base.
The full report suggests a three-bureau 22-level development programme for the Great River Dry Water Plan, which authorizes development by the National Power Group (now the National Energy Group), the Grand Tang Group, the China Energy Group, the China Hydropower Development Group, etc. In this regard, the State Corporation has authorized 13-stage hydroelectric plants with a total installed capacity of about 17 million kilowatts, accounting for 64.84 per cent of the total capacity of the Grand River Dry Flow Development Plan.
Figure 35: Development programmes at the dry stream elevator level of the river have been completed with 11.1 million kilowatts of water and electricity, expected to be ready for production by 2025 or around 2025. To date, of the 13 ladder hydropower stations authorized by the river company, 11.1 million kilowatts have been developed.
Based on the progress of the current project, it is expected that the pillow dam (level II), sandy (level I), Kanagawa, and two estuaries will become operational by 2025, contributing a capacity of 3.52 million kilowatts. The remaining Danba, Badi, and Eagle Rock hydroelectric plants are currently in their advanced stages and are expected to grow in the 15th century and beyond.
(ii) Water disposal has eased, market electricity prices have risen, and is expected to rise at full cost, with high levels of water discards in river basins and low water and water use hours. River basins have traditionally been severely abandoned, with low rates of water use. According to press reports, between 2015 and 2019, the country’s river utility company was able to dump more than 40 billion kilowatts of water and electricity.
According to the Bureau, in 2020, about 30.1 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh) were discarded in the main national basins, of which 20.2 billion kWh were in Sichuan province and concentrated in the main river flow, accounting for about 53 per cent of the water and electricity disposals in the province. As a result, the number of hours spent on electricity and electricity in the country has remained low, at 3751h in 2022, without access to comparable companies such as the State for electricity, power and electricity, energy and electricity.
In order to explore the causes of water disposal in the river basin, we believe that there are three main points:
However, the water and water stations in the river basin have been reduced to less than 10.8 billion kwh in 2021, according to the National Electricity Network Sichuan Electricity Company, which delivered about 13.6 billion kwh in 2021, while the Chinese power transfer plant sent 10.8 billion kwh outside China.
In 2022, the number of hours spent on electricity and electricity in the country was lower than the number of hours spent on electricity and electricity, respectively, in the country’s transmission station, the dam, 858 and 1750h.
Figure 38: Typologies of the Sichuan Out-of-Segawa Electricity Transfer Order 2021 Figure 39: Higher number of hours spent by State-to-State hydropower stations
In addition to the inter-provincial delivery, there is also a situation in Sichuan province where the power supply is “Changxi to Chuandong.” Because of the distribution of resources, the Sichuan province's power unit is located mainly in Ganzi, A Dam, and so on, and the load centre is located in Chengdu. As Sichuan province has now completed six ultra-high-pressure direct-flow lines, the problem of “high-strength transmission” of power grids has been highlighted, and to ensure the safety and stability of the Sichuan grid, the water boom period has had to take place.
The restrictions on the transport capacity of 500 kV out of the province have also led to the loss of the channel in the province. The reason for the water disposal is that the hydroelectric plant in the river basin lacks the capacity to regulate, making it more difficult to adjust between the ages of exhaustion. Most of the hydroelectric plants in the river basin developed by the company have only day-to-day capacity, and only monkey rock, waterfalls and gulls have seasonal control capacity, and two estuaries are equipped.
But, by contrast, the state-controlled dam-to-house hydroelectric power station is seasonally regulated, with brooks, screens, and crane-to-wall hydropower station being year-to-year regulated. We believe that the reasons for water discards are expected to improve at the end of the 14th Five-Fifteenth century, leading to an increase in the company’s hours of water and electricity use.
In response to a question about the "Sichuan power grid, strong and weak" , the Sichuan Energy Development Plan proposed the "promotion of the construction of a network of high-pressure communication targets for the Kawase power grid, one day for Ganz, 10% of the capital, 10% of the capital, 10% of the capital, 1000 kV of the capital, and 1,000 kV of copper high-pressure communication in the capital, respectively.
In September 2022, work began on the Trunchuant high-pressure exchange, which is expected to be launched in 2025. It is expected to increase the power-pooling capacity of the Ganzi, Abatt high-pressure exchange station and ease the bottlenecks in the central loading corridor, such as the water and water supply to Chengdu, which will lead to improved water disposal in the river basin.
Marginal improvement 2: The two estuary hydropower station has an annual capacity to produce more water from the downstream power station after delivery. Of the 13 echelons of hydropower station owned by the company, only the two estuaries have annual capacity and are expected to start production by the end of 2024, with full investment in 2025. Once the two estuaries are operational, the lower river basin stations will increase their capacity by 1.76 million kilowatts, increasing the decomposition period.
Assuming that this part of the electricity supply is 0.21% of the plant, with a net profit of 16% at a cost of 0.29/kwh, the net profit is expected to be an additional $271 million for the relevant hydroelectric plant. The water dump is reduced by the increase in the price of supercharges, and there is much room for improving the profitability of the river.
Average electricity prices are lower, and the profitability of the river is significantly lower than that of the Yakwan River. Between 2017 and 2022, the river ' s net interest rate on hydropower was 12-21%, which was significantly lower than that of the river ' s 33-42%; the river ' s net interest rate on hydroelectricity was 0.025-0.044/kWh, which was 0.034/kWh, which was significantly lower than the Yakwan River ' s 0.086/kWh. With water disposal at the end of the 14th century, the prices of electricity increased and water died in the provincial market.
With the expected increase in the generation of electricity, there is scope for a greater increase in the profitability of the river ' s hydropower.iv. Profit forecasting and valuation analysis no additional inputers have been added in the year, and depreciation and total cost are expected to remain stable at a total cost of $13.5 billion in 2023-2025. Based on the above assumptions,
In 2023-2025, revenues from investment in hydroelectricity in Yagi River are expected to be $3.91 billion, $41.8 million and $4.60 billion, respectively. (2) The State is capable of crossing the river: with regard to the installation of aircraft, it is expected that in 2024 a fleet (500,000 kilowatts) will be installed at the mouth of the two rivers, and in 2025 three units (1.5 million kilowatts), two units (430,000 kilowatts) will be installed at the mouth of the two rivers, two units (430,000 kilowatts) at the base of the pillow dam and two units (100,000 kilowatts) at the base of the Shapun.
Hours, 4,500 hours; expected increase in the marketization of hydropower in Sichuan province, leading to an increase in the average feed-in price of the river, 0.23, 0.235 and 0.24, respectively, in 2023-2025; projected increase in net interest rates using the rebound in hours and the increase in the price of electricity. Based on (ii) the relative valuation above: lower than comparable companies, the value of the upgrade is high
The company’s complementarities with its high-quality resources, such as the Yagi River and the Great River River, are significant, and we believe that there is much room for improvement in the company’s valuation. There is a risk that 17 times as much water will come in 2024 as expected; the risk of lower prices for electricity on the Internet; and that new energy projects will not be built as much as expected.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete the investment in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.