\Trangleright \Trangleright \
At the end of September, Yu Xiaoning held 53.21% shares and Yangtze 10.87% shares.
The company, with its holdings mainly in the Tanya River, with 760,000 kW in total. The company’s performance was mainly due to the 48% shareholding of Ya. At the end of June of that year, Yagi River had already been put into a 20,63 million kW installation, the size of the river’s hydropower had been put into operation, Yagi River and the river’s hydropower performance was strong, and the company’s net return to its mother in 2023 was historically high.
Liu Xiaoning’s 10% share in the river’s water and electricity at a price of US$100 billion has risen to 20%, resulting in a further increase in investment returns. According to the company’s performance report, the company achieved a net return profit of US$ 4,403 million in 2023, an increase of 25.26% compared to a record high.
As the supply and demand of electricity in Sichuan continues to tighten, the prices of hydropower in Yagi River and the river crossing are expected to rise further. In recent years, the supply and demand of electricity in the south-west region has continued to tighten, essentially as a resource constraint. The power structure in the south-west region is highly dependent on electricity, “10.”
Three-fifths of the pre-generation excess power is concentrated in a series of world-class hydropowers, such as waterfall trenches, and the Concierge Power Group, adding up to 2015, driving electricity market-based reforms and leading to a sharp fall in electricity prices. Water discards attract a large number of energy-intensive industries, but with the end of the final wave of hydropower production in 2020-2022, the future generation of new hydropower will be extremely limited in size and demand-driven electricity prices will be tightened.
In the case of the Yakuza River, the average electricity price rose by 11.11 per cent on a year-on-year basis in 2023, significantly exceeding the market forecast.
In the course of the five-year period, a new wave of production, represented by a two-river power plant, will reach a total of 3.52 million kilowatts, an increase of about 30% over the pre-natal period. The two-river terminal, which is located on the upper part of the river, has a total of 3,115 million cubic metres.
In our view, in the current context, the market is not fully aware of the absolute low-consistency properties of hydropower assets. First, the hydropower department \triangleright’s business income drive is very special, and rainfall is absolutely decoupled from macroeconomics; second, hydropower is the end in terms of product characteristics.
A small number of low-cost supplies in homogenous commodities determine low-price risks; coupled with a simple business model, high-quality financial statements, combined movements to improve the efficiency of water use, and the characteristics of hydropower assets as “low-consistency margins in all respects.” Under the investment portfolio theory, low-consortium assets are expected to be continuously revalued, and companies and even entire hydropower plates have long-term configuration value.
\triangleright We believe that the water and power plates have a long-term configuration value, are covered for the first time and are rated as “buy-in”. \triangleright
In our view, the market is not fully aware of the absolute low-consistency properties of hydropower assets in the current context. First, the hydropower company’s revenue drive is very special, and rainfall is absolutely decoupled from macroeconomics; second, from product-specific products.
By sex, hydropower is a small low-cost supply of end homogenous commodities, determining low-price risks; combined with a simple business model, high-quality financial statements, eliminating most of the management risks, joint movement to improve the efficiency of water use, and the characteristics of hydropower assets as “a low-variability margin”.
It is expected that there will be a continuing reassessment of the long-term configuration value of the company and of the entire hydropower plate. Water volatility; adjustment of the price of electricity policy.
The company is a flagship company of the Kawasaka Group. By the end of September 2023, the Kawasaka Group held 53.21% of the shares, the first major shareholder, Yangjiang Power, 10.87% of the shares, and China Fargo, Beijing, 4.23% of the assets of the Kawasaka Group, in addition to its energy contribution.
The company is the only marketable platform for the group. The company locates the first-class clean energy listing company in the country, relying mainly on the Yagi River, the Greater Gang, which has a unique resource advantage.
The development and operation of hydropower resources in the river basins of the Rivers, the Tanya Bay Rivers, and other watersheds such as the Qing Eijiang River, where corporate holdings consist mainly of field river hydropower, with a total installed capacity of 760,000 kwan, with annual capacity; and a small number of railway Electrification Remote Control System operations.
The company’s performance comes mainly from the 48% share of Yagi River hydroelectricity and the 20% share of the 20% share of the river power supply, which are in our third-largest and fifth-largest hydroelectric base. By the end of June 2023, the Yagi River was a water-lighting demonstration base.
With some 2,063,000 kW in size and 11,734,000 kW in size, the Yagi River and the Yaji River have performed well, and the company achieved a record high net profit in 2023. Because of the small size of the holdings, most of the company ' s profits have come from the investment earnings of the participating assets, and since 2022 along with the middle of the Yagi River.
At the end of 2022, the company acquired 10% of the share in the river utility at a price of $4.01 billion, raising its share share to 20%, which led to further growth in investment returns. According to the Ministry’s performance report, the company achieved a net return of $4.403 billion to its mother in 2023, an increase of 25.26%, a historic increase.
The asset-liability ratio has remained low, and the company has increased its share in recent years as a result of the end of large-scale investment in hydroelectricity and water in the Yagi River. The corporate asset-liability ratio has been below 40% and is at a low level.
First, southwest power supply and demand patterns are difficult to reverse in terms of supply and demand trends, and high electricity prices will become the norm. In recent years, southwest power supply and demand have continued to tighten, essentially as a constraint on resource endowments, and southwest power structures are highly dependent on power supply.
Hydropower, which accounts for 80% of the electricity generated, is also the country's leading hydroelectric output province. The south-west region experienced a severe shortage of electricity before the Twelfth Five-Year Plan, with a high price of electricity, and the 13-Five-Year Premium, which led to changes in the marketization of electricity and a sharp drop in electricity prices.
At the end of the last wave of hydropower production in 2020-2022, the scale of new hydropower will be extremely limited in the future. In terms of potential power growth, non-water resource endowments in the south-west region are extremely poor, lack coal resources (restriction of coal power), geophysical instability (restriction of nuclear power), and new energy sources, in addition to some of the original resources in Yunnan and Chuanxi, the Sichuan Basin and Guizhou are ours.
Wind power and light resources are at the same time the worst in the region, where the basin is windless, cloudy and cloudy, and where the famous “dawdy day” is an image. The water and light integration base in the Kawasai Plateau has great potential, but it is still in the pre-development phase, with exit corridors in place.
In the case of the Yakuza River, the average electricity price increased by 11.11% on a year-on-year basis in 2023 according to the announcement of the national electricity transfer, due mainly to the increase in local electricity prices in Sichuan. As a result of the simultaneous electricity supply and demand strain in the region of Huadong and Sichuan during the peak summer of 2022, Jiangsu perfected the mechanism for generating electricity from the Jingsu team as "Ki" in July 2022.
The price of the flat floor + the floating price of the electric power mechanism, which is based on the base price of 0.391 yuan per kilowatt hour for coal combustion in Jiangsu province, is based on the results of the trade in coal power in Jiangsu province and is shared between the two sides on a scale of 1:1 from 1 August 2022 to 0.3195 yuan per kilowatt-hour.
But in 2023, the total electricity price for Yagi River reached 0.31 kWh, roughly the same price as that for Jiangsu's electricity supply group, which infers that the cost of the Yagi River's electricity supply in Sichuan is even higher than that of the outgoing electricity supply. The analysis comes from two factors, namely, the irreversible increase in electricity supply and demand patterns in the southwest region, and the new production of the two estuaries, Yang.
Second, large river hydropower is the country’s few remaining hydropower companies. As a result of the relatively late development, large river hydropower will reach its peak in a new wave of production in the 1455s, represented by a two-river power station.
Up to 3.52 million kilowatts, an increase of about 30% over the pre-natal period. Of these, the two estuaries of the tap power station are located on the upper part of the river, with a total of 3,115 million cubic metres of Kukong, which is second only to the waterfall gull power station in the river basin.
Electricity prices are consistently lower than those of Sichuan Province, where most of the local power sources are drained. As the future supply and demand patterns of Sichuan Province are tightened, and as Tsong Tshunt is built, it is expected that the value of the river will reverse the price of the Yagi River and the power from the energy from the energy to the power from the energy from the energy to the energy from the energy from the energy from the energy to the energy from the energy from the energy to the energy from the energy from the energy from the energy from the energy from the energy to the energy from the energy from the energy from the energy from the energy from the energy from the energy from the water to the energy from the energy from the energy from the energy from the energy from the energy from the energy from the energy from the energy from the energy from which it is from the energy from the energy from which it is from the energy from the energy from which it is from the energy from the energy from the water from the water from the water from the water from which it is from the water from the water from the water from the water from the water from the water from the water to the water from which it is from which it.
The profit forecast and valuation of the net profit of the mother amounts to $852, 97.7 million and $10.2 billion, respectively; the net return profit of the river ' s utility for 2023-2025, respectively, accurately reflects my personal perceptions of the target securities and issuers.
Such a report shall be produced in an objective manner and without any part of my remuneration having been, or being directly or indirectly linked to, the specific investment opinions or opinions expressed in this report.