Agricultural Bank (601288): Annual Report 2020: Why did the net difference of interest run the State-owned business? 31st of 2021
Events: Agricultural Bank ' s operating income in 2020 was 65,791 million yuan, an increase of 4.9 per cent in the same year; the net profit attributable to the parent ' s shareholder was 2,15,925 million yuan, an increase of 1.8 per cent in the same year, corresponding to an eps of 0.59 yuan/share.
Given the year-round operating targets of the Lu National Bank, the agricultural banks’ profit boom is meeting our expectations.  Profit forecasts and investment ratings: Agricultural banks increased their investment in inclusive credit in 2020, while liabilities showed significant cost performance, with a year-long net difference of only 3 bp, significantly better than comparable state-owned firms.
On the other hand, it is consistent with other state-owned banks to maintain a high proportion of 30%. However, credit plus, as the economy continues to recover, interest rates on loans rise and the basics of the state-owned banks warm. We anticipate the outstanding performance of the agricultural banks’ debts, the provision of coverage to state-owned companies, and the current valuation.
▪ Assets & liabilities: total asset growth of 9.4 per cent, inclusive loans such as small emblems, farmers, etc. are the main driving force.1 At the end of the spectrum: Agricultural banks continued to invest more in the area of inclusive credit in 2020, with total loans growing by 13.6 per cent a year, compared to other State-owned banks, companies are growing at a rate relative to the growth of the two main categories of individual loans
Operating loans and loans to farmers increased significantly by 43.6% and 35.2% year-on-year, while inclusive micro-enterprise loans grew by 62.3% year-on-year, reflecting the central orientation of “support entities, care for micro-enterprises”. In addition, individual housing loans grew by 12.0%, at a faster rate than comparable large banks, mainly from real estate loans.
Corporate assets continued to rise by 22.5 per cent this year, and investment assets fell at a rate of speed. It reached 23.8 per cent, and the debt structure changed somewhat. Agricultural banks continued to push personal deposits at the end of their deposits, with precision marketing, with personal deposits increasing by 9.4 per cent and their share increasing by 59.3 per cent throughout the year.
The average balance fell from 1.53 pct to 56.7% at the beginning of the comparison, but, as a large State-owned bank with extensive farming areas, we believe that the current savings advantage of agricultural banks is still clear, and the current demand deposit ratio is still a leading partner. Since last year, the regulatory hierarchy has been fully regulated by the commercial banks' “high-interest reserve” and very heavily regulated.
The net interest differential: the new calculus is 3bp below year-on-year, with a clear reduction that is better than that of a colleague, benefiting from a loan-rate that is resilient + the cost of a deposit.
Yearly tri-quarters reviews: high and low provision, similar to business banks, construction banks, annual reports of agricultural banks adjusted financial calibres and phased credit cards received with higher valuation configuration value by 2020-11-01
Under the new caliber, the net difference in 2020 was 2.20%, a decline of only 3bp on the same scale, and the net interest income of the company grew by 8.8% on the same calibre year-round, at a significantly higher rate than that of the same industry.
Why do agricultural banks have higher net interest differentials than their counterparts? It benefits from a combination of asset and liability end performances. Companies have a year-round asset end rate of return of 14 bp below calibre, compared to 24 bp, 15 bp and 30 bp down at business banks, construction banks, and central banks, respectively, with only construction banks down close to agricultural silver.
All right. At the same time, agricultural banks also have lower annual debt cost rates of 9bp, while business banks, construction banks, and Chinese banks have lower rates of 9bp, 3bp, and 27bp, respectively, and construction banks are less indebted than agricultural banks.
10bp, we expect to be affected on a continuing basis by the high pricing of stock loans, as is the case with our counterparts.2 Individual loans at the end of the asset are affected by financial calculus adjustments, mainly credit card phasing operations, which are accounted for in interest income from fees and commissions, while also affecting interest-bearing assets, raising interest-bearing net interest differentials, correspondingly reducing fee revenue, resulting in an intermediate income
The rate of return on individual loans from agricultural banks is 6 bp to 4.82 per cent above the same ratio, and the rate of return on individual loans from retroactive adjustments was 4.76 per cent in 2019, an increase of 27 bp over the rate before the adjustment.
Lines 6bp to 1.53%, yielding advantages in comparable large banks, derive mainly from the effective control of various types of high-interest deposits in 2020. Of these, the company’s fixed-term and personal demand deposit rates are down by 18bp and 8bp, respectively, and the personal time deposit rate is stable for the second half of the year.
After looking to the city, we judge that the net difference in the state-owned sector is expected to be stable, and we expect to expand gradually in the second half of the year. Although the net difference will continue to fall slightly due to heavy pricing during the first quarter, in an environment of sustained economic recovery and inadequate supply of credit, I will not be able to do so.
On the whole, we suggest that there be reasonable optimism about the trend of commercial banks’ net interest differentials. ▪ Non-interest income: a 10.7% fall in the same calibre throughout the year, but the wealth-management category contributes to the increase in fees.
The net revenue from fees and commissions increased by 2.2 per cent, with wealth management operations benefiting from equity market heat, fiscal transitions, deepening, and corporate agency fees, trustees and other fiduciary commissions increasing by 6.3 per cent and equal to the same year, respectively, with a reduction in the size of savings to only $72.313 billion. In addition, private banks aum grew by $292 billion this year.
From $1.7 trillion to a 17.2 per cent increase over the same year, 2 bank card fees and promised fees are on a slight decline compared to the same rate, and we expect to be affected by the epidemic; consultants and consultants ' fees are on a 10.5 per cent increase compared to the previous year, resulting from an increase in the size of the banking and bond cover business.
Non-interest income other than fees declined by 28.3 per cent during the year, mainly as a result of various market developments and exchange rate fluctuations, with investment gains and losses, fair value changes, and exchange gains and losses falling in the same proportion. However, the increase in corporate subsidiary premiums led to a good growth of 12.0 per cent in other business income throughout the year.
▪ At the end of the expenditure spectrum: the cost-income ratio is at a new low in recent years, and the four-quarter credit-deficit loss is driving the profit boom. Similar to comparable state-owned banks, the agricultural bank has a 29.23% annual cost income, a significant decline of 1.26pt over the same year. Moreover, the agricultural bank has a 25.630 billion dollar credit impairment in the fourth quarter, a decline of 25.6% over the same quarter, driving the four-quarters one-quarter ratio over the same period.
The rate of profit growth reached 61.0 per cent, with the cumulative rate of profit growth moving up to 1.8 per cent throughout the year  the quality of assets in the four quarters of 2020: credit risk is still visible, but poor findings of strict + provision are strong and optimistic about the quality of assets.
The quarterly decline is also between 11.8 pct and 260.64%, but it is still significantly higher than in comparable state-owned businesses. The risk of public credit in agricultural banks is exposed in the second half of the year as compared to their counterparts, with a negative rate of corporate lending between 25bp and 2.37% in the second half of the year, and a negative net rate of production is measured as higher in the second half of the year.
Since then, overdue loans have been fully integrated into the bad caliber, while concern has been expressed at the year-round decline in loan rates of 23bp and 8bp to 2.01 per cent and 1.29 per cent, respectively, reflecting a lessening of negative emerging pressures.2 Looking forward to 2021, we still recommend a reasonable optimism about the quality of the assets of large banks. The current economic growth base is still in place.
Weaknesses, as a major entity and small state-owned bank that invests large amounts of credit resources, still require attention to asset quality. At the same time, asset quality indicators are stronger than ever before, and poor emerging pressures are reduced without undue worry.
(net annual non-performing loan generation rate = (net increase in non-performing loans + write-off schedule)
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board