Material material re-evaluating conch cement: If there is one, add it to him and call him to have a surplus of assets to be revalued, and the company is worth more than $40 billion in the hand mine market.
And the whole chain of building materials that has been developed by a single cement producer to integrate mining, dock operations, cement clinker, bone and concrete, with environmental protection becoming more acute, the scarcity of mineral resources has become more pronounced, and we have conservatively calculated that the company's resources in hand mines are worth over $40 billion, far higher.
At the end of 17 years, mining rights in intangible assets were valued at $3.05 billion. At the same time, after the rapid development of the osteoporosis business, the Māori rate reached over 60%, making it a new performance growth point for companies.
The Bureau made production costs lower than those of its peers by $10-15 per ton. Over the past decade, conchroe levels have remained stable at over 10 per cent and far ahead of the industry average, and we believe that the t-type strategy has its origins in the Yangtze market, that it is not replicable and that future conch industry control will be further enhanced, with significant capital.
The market is supposed to offer value premiums for the exclusive attributes of the total stock/flow (millions of shares) source. Marketed supply side adjustments have a high degree of certainty about the landscape.
Regional cooperation with colleagues is strongly dominated, and the strategic shift has led to increased market control; we believe that the supply contraction caused by restricted production and self-regulation peak production in the industry, the tight balance between supply and demand in the east of China, the price undervalued by the market, the highest degree of certainty in the east of the country, and the most beneficial benefits from conch cement.
In the light of the globalization process in Lafaki, we believe that Lafaki's higher valuation than conch stems mainly from its globalized configuration, that the current asset quality and profitability of conch cement are better than Lafaki, and that the internationalization process will reduce the risks associated with local regional fluctuations.
As the process of internationalization of the conch progresses, its domestic and foreign production is more balanced, its excellent management levels stabilize and grow, and its valuation is expected to be repaired.1 The value of conch in the whole industry chain layout is undervalued by the market. After years of development, conch cement is produced from a single cement.
Business has developed a whole industry chain building group that combines mineral resources, cement clinkers, bone and concrete. In the current context of environmental governance, industry profits tend to converge towards headlines, with conch accounting for the overall industry ' s profit ratio rising from 11.6% in 2011 to 25.1% in q1 in 2018, the essence of which is the whole industry chain cement company.
Combined competitiveness, we believe that whole-of-industry chain conch cement has gradually revalued stock assets and location values, a trend that is currently undervalued by the market: 2. Revalued mineral resources: extraction value in or through hand mines is 40 billion yuan, and mine values are significantly raised.
The value of the 13 billion tons of conch cement is estimated to be about $40 billion; if the sale price is $40, the total value of the mine ' s resources is about $80 billion, which is well above the 30.5 billion margin of mine rights in intangible assets at the end of the 17th year. We believe that, with environmental protection, the scarcity of the mine ' s resources is becoming more pronounced and the overall value of the mine ' s resources becomes more pronounced.
Cement assets with a revalued value: a “t”-type strategic layout that is not replicable with a location advantage. In terms of profitability roe, conchroe levels have remained stable at over 10% over the last 10 years, far ahead of industry averages: we believe that conchs have been firmly deleveraging for the last 10 years, and that the reason why roe remains high is a combination.
The continuing reduction in costs, which is driven by the fact that the t-type strategy has become more competitive, and the future industrial control of the conch will be further enhanced, we believe that the t-type strategy has its origin in an unrobable position along the Yangtze market, that the future movement of conch will further increase the control of the conch industry, and that the distinctive attributes of the resource will be highlighted, and we believe that the market will gradually overtake the value premium.
4. Marketized supply-side adjustments, and a high degree of certainty in the landscape of China. Following the supply-side reforms proposed by the industry in 2015, the overall supply and demand patterns of the industry have gradually improved, closely linked to the strategy of the conversion of conch cement. After 2016, the Department of Public Administration actively participated in industry self-regulation and strengthened regional cooperation with its counterparts to achieve strategic convergence with China ' s building materials and Chinese cement.
As a result of the agreement, the regional voice and concentration are increasing, large companies are controlling the proportion of clinker sales, and the trend towards the resourceization of clinker is clear.
State, Shandong, etc., will result in an earlier and more robust season, price elasticity being underestimated by the market, a gradual increase in voice power in the east of the country, a higher profit hub, and a reduced future performance volatility, with the prospect of full public utilityization. A sharp contraction will create a gap, prices will become more resilient, and companies will benefit fully as industry leaders, we believe.
Underestimating the elasticity of conch cement performance and the change in valuation over the medium to long term. Conservatively projected net return on the part of the company from 18 to 20 years will result in more surplus funds due to both a reduction in primary expenditure, further increase in the cash share of the company, 2017. From the point of view of the dividends rate, as the voice of the conch industry increases, the profit hub increases and the location is not indebted.
Billion dollars, assuming a 40-per-cent red ratio for 18 years and a market value of 200 billion dollars, the 2012-to-date conch pe valuation is, from a relative valuation point of view, largely in the range of 9 to 12.5 x. We believe that the value of the conch has been seriously underestimated in the new era, while industry concentration is increasing and the voice of the conch is increasing.
There has been a gradual shift from self-regulation to markets and government, with a deepening of the supply side, a narrow profit volatility in the industry, a greater advantage over conch size and location; on the other hand, the rise in the value of conch ' s own assets, scarce mineral resources, stable and sustained core cement assets, and an increase in the share of red are subject to higher valuation premiums.
The value of conch cement was revalued as early as 1997, it was listed in Hong Kong's capital market in 2002,a and, after years of development, conch cement was developed by a single cement producer into a whole industry chain of mineral resources, cement clinkers, bone and concrete.
In the current context of strict environmental governance, industry profits tend to converge towards headlines, e.g. The share of profits from conch cement in the overall profits from cement increased from 11.6% in 2011 to 25.1% in q1 in 2018, the essence of which is the combined competitiveness of the whole chain of cement companies, which we believe is the sea of the whole chain.
The trend is now undervalued by the market, where cement is gradually re-evaluating the value of stock assets and areas, and the company on the gold mine, whose value is revalued, is rich in limestone mineral resources, accounting for more than 64 per cent of the world’s total reserves, according to the Geological Centre of the National Directorate of Building Materials.
The country's limestone is distributed over a total area of 438,000 square kilometres, but only 1/4-1/3 of the high-quality limestone resources available for cement production are available, and, with the need for environmental protection and ecological balance-building, the limestone resources available for cement production are gradually decreasing, and the scarcity of resources is becoming apparent.
Mining is strictly controlled, and there is an irreversible process in which, in the course of the normative drive, the price of past low limestones has gone up, raising the value of the high-quality mineral resources in the hands of the cement industry.
Based on the assessment of the value of mineral resources in the limestone mining rights assessment for general building materials in Hochou County, Angé Province, the value of the existing conch cement is estimated to be about 13 billion tons of mineral resources, using cash flow methods. Assuming 400 million tons per year of mining, the conch resources in hand mines can be mined for 32.5 years at a sales price of $31.38/t.
We calculate that 13 billion tons of conch cement is worth about $40 billion; if the sale price is $40, the total value of the mineral resources is about $80 billion, well above the book value of $3.05 billion in intangible assets at the end of 17 years. We believe that, with environmental protection, the scarcity of the mineral resources is becoming more pronounced, and the wealth of the conch is high,
Open-air mining and the rise in the overall value of upstream conch resources. We believe that the past low-cost mineral resources have now become high-quality assets, and that, in the larger context of environmental tightening, firms with access to the capital have the same price-fixing power as future markets, the past model of “gendarme mining” and the protocol ore supply model.
In the past, resource scarcity and rising barriers to entry are bound to increase their intrinsic value, and the value of high-quality mineral resources from conch cement will be significantly increased. With the resources from the mines moving into the osteoporosis business, the advantage of the resource barriers is evident.
As environmental protection increases, regulations on illegal mining are tightened, requiring the closure of alluvial mines that do not meet access conditions. And companies have more high-quality mineral resources to benefit from, on the one hand, the provision of raw materials for cement production and, on the other hand, the expansion of the skeletal business, compared to competitors.
The company ' s sandstone resources are higher in minerals (with high-quality non-metal mines in Anhui provinces, etc.) and less costly in order to generate resources. Environmentally affected, the prices of bones in the major cities of the country have continued to rise since March 17, reaching a maximum increase of over 50 per cent, the Māori rate of bones has reached 64 per cent in 17 years, the profitability of which is high, and the accelerated expansion of bone operations will create new performances.
Figure 11: Corporate osteoporosis = bone and rock, non-reproducible position advantage, value revaluation of cement assets
The company has built clinker plants in areas rich in mineral resources, building clinker banks and mills in areas along the sea that have no resources but well-developed cement consumption, and connecting them through easy water transport in the Yangtze River.
Source and market, both in the east and south of the country, are located along the Great River, with excellent production line management levels, size advantages, transport cost advantages and market advantages, resulting in overall production costs for the company being 15-20 yuan/tonne lower than the industry average; and a well-established regional layout is bound to be impossible to replicate and should receive valuation premiums in a market seeking certainty.
Chart 13: The “t” layout of conch cement compared to the traditional cement model, while the share of conch cement production in the past decade has risen steadily, reaching 11.1% by the end of the 17th year, and the use of clinker production has continued to be the highest industry-wide. In comparison with competitors, conch cement assets are low-cost, high-utilization and excellent in size.
The early acquisition of rich mines with relatively low prices, close to 100 per cent of self-sufficiency, which are well ahead of profitability, guarantee that the cost of mines is 20-30 yuan per ton less than the external purchase of limestone, the company's export to the cement industry, extending the industrial chain, and, on the one hand, bringing new performance growth points: and reducing the systemic risk of a single operation.
In 2017, the company formally entered the business mix, and in June of the same year signed the compliance, Guangwon, and the PAC concrete projects, which became the company’s first business mix; in October, it signed a joint venture agreement with the People’s Government of Hing-Ang County and the Ping-tae City Investment Corporation of Hing-Aang County to invest in the South-West Sea conch project; and the Sea-Chole Cement West Regional Manager.
The Council has signed a strategic cooperation agreement with China-China Concrete and West Ltd., establishing strategic cooperation in cement procurement, which in the future will take full advantage of the two sides and achieve mutual benefit. The company ' s new material blending project, which is now completed with an annual capacity of 600,000 cubic metres, is expected in 2018.
The company relies on its traditional cement business advantages to make vertical industrial chain extensions less difficult and faster by using internal synergies, while working with local governments promises to address long-term and difficult repayment problems in the business sector, highlighting the advantages of upstream and downstream integration.
The "t" layout builds its core cement assets, and high-quality roe continues to lead the industry. From profitable roe, conch roe levels have remained stable at over 10% over the last decade, far ahead of the industry average; we believe that conch has been firmly deleveraging for the last 10 years, and that roe remains high because of the continuing costs of the combined costs.
Decline, the essence of which is the improved competitiveness of the t-type strategy; future industrial control of the conch will be further enhanced, performance fluctuations will be reduced, outstanding profitability and stability will demonstrate asset quality, and their real value should be significantly higher
Increased regional cooperation, enhanced market voice, and a gradual improvement in the overall supply and demand patterns of the industry since the supply-side reforms introduced by the industry in 2015, which are inextricably linked to the transformation of conch cement into a business strategy. After 2016, companies actively engaged in industry self-regulation and strengthened regional cooperation with their counterparts.
Strategic cooperation agreements have been concluded with China on building materials, Hua Yun Cement, to gradually upgrade the leadership role of leading companies, and to maintain the city. From the regions where the production capacity of leading firms is focused, the three main regions of China, East, South Central and South-West, have concentrations of 50.7 per cent, 35.4 per cent and 44.3 per cent, respectively. Cr10 is over 65 per cent. In the context of the current strong supply side reforms, the South
Regional demand is better than in the North, where leading firms are actively involved in supply-side reforms to improve supply and demand patterns in the sector, while the other is active in maintaining regional market order and leading to healthy industrial development.
Increased competition in the market, with investment in clinker production and the need for close proximity to the raw materials, and high demand for resources and location selection; and low investment in mills and close proximity to consumer markets, which have a high incidence of direct impact, compared to 2317 cement mills with national production permits as of May 2018
At the end of 2013, there were 152 more mills in the market. There are currently two main types of mills, under the banner of the Cement Enterprise, which are part of the cement production chain of the Cement Enterprise, which is usually integrated by the Group; and third-party social mills, which do not have a large enterprise group background and no mining or clinker production line, which are also designed to produce the best materials.
In terms of volume, third-party mills account for about 64 per cent of the country ' s total cement industry and are the main component of the cement industry; in terms of capacity, they produce about 1.86 billion tons of cement, or 54 per cent of the country ' s total capacity.
In 2017, the clinker production capacity of the company Top10 reached 56%, but the number of mills owned by the company Top10 was only 284, or less than 13%. Although the concentration of the cement industry is increasing, it is only the concentration of clinker production, the concentration of mills is not followed, and the capacity of the top 10 cement companies is far from that of clinker production.
With the increase in the concentration of cement clinker, the wrong peaks, and the implementation of production policies, the age of clinker control has ebbed, for example, in the long triangle market, where conch is combined with Southern cement.
Cement clinker supply platforms to increase control over the supply of clinker in the region are likely to be replicated elsewhere. On the one hand, the supply of clinker companies is reduced and there is no clinker available in the market; on the other hand, there is an increase in clinker around RMB/t, while on the other hand some of the cement prices along the river city are below $420/t, and the price of cement and clinker hangs up and causes powdering.
In the past year, there has been a certain decline in the sales of clinker by several large cement companies, with a combined reduction in the supply of clinker of more than 1,000 tons compared to the previous year, which has had a greater impact on the milling market. We believe that, as the lead companies gain control over the sale of clinker, the clinker is resource-based and has the capacity to produce clinker.
Large firms will further increase resource barriers, favouring greater concentration in the industry, and the vast area covered by conch-rich clinker production. Supply-side reforms will be further deepened as the main driving force behind improved supply and demand patterns.
In December 2017, the Chinese Cement Association issued the Cement Industry Action Plan (2018-2020), which sets out three-year targets for decomposing clinker production capacity of 392.7 million tons, closing down 540 companies in closed cement mills, bringing the average capacity of clinker production to 80% and the average capacity of cement production to 80%.
70%: National clinker production concentration of more than 70% in the top 10 major conglomerates, 60% in cement production, and 65% in the top two major firms in the 10 provinces. The action plan provides specific guidance for the water, mud, and energy-saving emission reductions, and the cement clinker production capacity is expected to continue to shrink over the next three years.
The approval of new production lines was stopped in October 2013 after the State Council issued State No. 41, and we believe that the supply of new cement has either reached its peak or has reached its peak. With the implementation of the decapitulation plan, it is expected that future clinker capacity will continue to decline. According to the degenerative action plan, the country will reduce clinker capacity by 138 million between 2018 and 2020, respectively.
Tons, 116 million tons, and 141 million tons, we assume that each year the target is 60%, counting the country as a whole by 2020, and production at the wrong peaks is normal and binding. Currently, production at the wrong peaks of the industry is normal, and the trend since 2017 has been a gradual extension of industry self-regulation to the government environment, with regional production at the wrong peaks continuing in 2018, and more so.
In the past, there has been a wider cutoff, a longer cut-off, a more mandatory implementation, a local supply gap, and a further improvement in the supply and demand patterns of the industry. Environmentally restricted production continues to outpace expectations.
Changzhou and Shandong will have a very high rate of shutdown as a result of air pollution, of which, according to our calculations, Changzhou (50 per cent) and Shandong (20 days of total shutdown in late August) will affect 2.4 per cent and 1.3 per cent (annualization) of clinker production in the East of China, respectively, Shandong and Tangshan for the first time have proposed a production plan for unheated seasonal peaks, and Chongqing and Hebei also have production restrictions;
At a time when the draft of the Programme of Action for the Integrated Management of Atmospheric Pollution in the Autumn Year 2018-2019 was consulted, the production plan for the winter warming season 2018-2019 was extended from 4 months in 17 years to 6 months, we consider it difficult to move on to a complete shutdown in the heating season starting in October, but it was a continuation of the production at the wrong peak.
We believe that the supply of this wheel of cement has contracted dramatically beyond expectations, with the East China region being the most certain, the East China region passing through the tight balance pattern, and any more than 2% change in supply and demand will create a great price elasticity.
The local clinker stock is 3-4%, the cement stock continues to operate at a low level, the supply gap will continue in Nanjing, Changzhou and Shandong, and the light season in the east of the country will become more productive, with the prices of clinker in Jiangsu Salt City, Yangzhou and all of Zhejiang Province rising by $20/ton since August 2018, while the prices of cement in most of Shanghai and Zhejiang are rising.
In the first half of 2018, the overall national demand for cement remained stable, down 0.65 per cent from the same year, with 200 million tons of cement produced in June, which represented a significant regional segmentation of 0.03 per cent.
The South is generally better than the North. We believe that the demand for the first half of the year has remained largely stable as expected by the Great Super Market, and that the country’s water demand is expected to maintain 2.4 billion tons of narrow fluctuations, pessimistic expectations, or gradual rehabilitation.
Real estate investments are resilient. Real estate investments grew at a rate of 9.7 per cent in the first half of the year, with 10.8 per cent in the eastern part of the country in terms of cement demand in the first half of the year, and demand was stable in the regions of East China and Guangdong dominated by real estate demand (1.39 per cent in the east and 6.97 per cent in the east), and the current stock available for sale is declining steadily, with 15 per cent in the first half of the year compared to the same year.
Around the corner, the development of land stocks is expected to continue to be directed to new starters in a low-stock cycle and tight credit climate, with new starters growing by 11.8% in the first half of the year, and we believe that real-estate investments will show strong resilience in cement consumption. This year, as a result of the financial cut-off and ppp clean-up, our capital investment has fallen sharply, with a year-on-year increase.
It fell to 7.3 per cent, with cement production rising by 0.33 per cent, 15.73 per cent, and 9.27 per cent in the north-east and north-west of China in June, respectively, reflecting weak start-up of capital projects in the first half of the year, tight local government financing, or a major cause. Policy pessimism is expected to be repaired, and the foundations of the short panels are determined.
In the area of facilities, there is a need to focus on urbanized cross-regional transport, information infrastructure, underground corridors, rural “four good” roads, eco-environmental protection, etc., and to define the basis of the infrastructure. Railway investment returns to $800 billion, followed by or sustained policy catalysts.
The return of more than 800 billion dollars will accelerate investment in railway infrastructure; at the same time, Guangdong Province issued the Circular on the Investment Plan for 2018 for Major Supply-side Structural Reforms, which aims to invest more than $1.9 trillion in water, railway, etc., in infrastructure; policies and projects will follow up or continue to be in place as the short base of the capital is determined.
Rural demand is higher than expected, and South-West capital has become more pro-poor. Cement production in the south-west region grew by 3.87% in June, compared to the first half of the second half of the year.
The cumulative annual production of cement rose by 5.59 per cent to 211 million tons and accounted for 20 per cent of the country's highest performance in the country; this is mainly due to an increase in precision poverty reduction in the western region, which became more visible in 2017 in Guizhou, and has now spread to five provinces and cities throughout the south-western region, where the demand for roads such as “villages and villages” and “group roads” in your state has led to a significant increase in cement consumption.
Pro-poor projects are financed mostly within the central and local government finances, thus precisioning pro-poor subprime rural demand. Demand is expected to be higher than expected in the second half of the year, supply contractions are expected to create supply gaps, with the highest degree of certainty in the East China region, where the current balance is tight, any changes in supply and demand of more than 2% will provide a great price elasticity.
District prices are expected to reach an all-time high again.
Since the launch of the country ' s communication No. 41 in 2013, the cement industry has managed to increase the difficulty of building new production lines in the country, and following a policy of encouraging high-quality domestic firms to move out, conch cement has begun to deploy overseas markets. The company ' s first overseas project, the Nanga conch phase 3200t/d clinker production line, was set on fire in November 2014.
Launched, and new shipping routes have been opened for the company’s overseas expansion. The company has successively completed projects such as the production line for the production of the South Ga Sea conch phase I, the South Ga conch phase II production line, the West Papua Company’s production line for the production of the cement clinker, the Peacock Harbour milling station in Indonesia, the Myanmar Sea conch clinker production line, and the second phase of the Peacock milling station in Indonesia, all of which are operating in an orderly manner.
In March 2018, the production of 5,000t/d clinker production line was launched in Battambang, Cambodia, and the first cement products were successfully shipped out of the plant in May, and the project was officially launched into production operations. To date, the company has 6.0760 million tonnes of clinker production capacity abroad, the highest in the country; and 3.1 million tonnes/year of capacity are being built overseas, including 1.55 million tonnes/year in Indonesia.
The North Su Sea conch project has been completed and is expected to be operational in 18 years. Project projects such as the Lao Xianbra State conch project are in its peak phase, and pre-projects such as Volga conch, Lao Vientiane, Mandalay, Myanmar are moving ahead in an orderly manner.
Increased competitiveness. Figure 36: In-productivity of domestic firms in overseas cement clinker (31 December 2017) Figure 37: In-built capacity of domestic firms in overseas cement clinker (31 December 2017)
The process of internationalization of his mountain stone, Lafaki, founded in France in 1933, began to expand internationally after more than a decade, with major expansions in the Americas in the 1950s and 1970s, marched to Asia in the 1980s and 1990s, acquired the Egyptian orascom Cement Enterprise in 2008 and marched in.
By expanding its operations in the Middle East and the Mediterranean, in 2015, the Swiss Horace Group became the world’s largest cement company. In terms of its expansionary path, it enjoyed the benefits of regional development through M&As, both in terms of increasing its size and in terms of its presence abroad.
Dispersing risk and reducing fluctuations in performance caused by a single regional economic downturn, Lafaki’s pe valuation level remained about 15-20 times higher than that of conch cement, and we believe that the current asset quality and profitability of conch cement is better than Lafaki’s, and its internationalization process is similar to that of it.
As the process of internationalization of the conch continues, its domestic and foreign production ratios are more evenly balanced, as market concerns about systemic risks weaken, and as international investors increase their holdings.
Figure 38: Developmental history of Lafaki acquired by Lafaki in Saha
Lafarge and Hauri. Lafaki was founded. Lafaki got it.
Lafaki passes and orascom cement in Laterravaki, south of the country and east Asia.
"In practice, Iran has established research purchases and factories.
The Middle East and the Mediterranean, like China,
Fakitzeri's lab, dedicated to starting tap water in the American basin.
India, South Korea, Cement Research, countries like the United States,
The Mud Group, in Eyre, began with a massive Canada and Brazil.
The Suez Canal and, in addition, Algeria and international expansion.
The need for water hard stones, the international expansion of the United Arab Emirates and Ira.
Figure 39: Lafakipe/pbband
(a) Investments in fixed assets are lower than expected;
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.