Material material q2 volume is overrated, undervalued performance elasticity and certainty Events: the company published its semi-annual report in 2018 and collected $45,742 million in the first half of the year
Keeping the "buy-in" rating, preferred in the cement industry. We believe that environmental restrictions and self-regulatory peak production in the industry continue to cause supply contractions, that the tight balance between supply and demand in China breaks, that very low stocks of clinker will lead to an early and more productive season, and that many of the following areas will face production restrictions, and that the price of cement will be flexible.
Underestimated by the market, the East China region has the highest degree of certainty, with companies leading the industry, profiting more than expected from q2 sales in 2018, and exceeding industry growth reflects a very strong combination of competitiveness. We measure the combined sales of q2 cement clinkers at 84 million tons, an increase of 11.99% compared to 11.99%.
Total equity/flow period (millions of shares) basically reflects two aspects, the first being a combination of faulty production and air pollution prevention, the consolidation of environmental surveillance accountability and the promotion of environmentally sound and best-quality conch cement, so that the conch can
Guaranteeing the highest capacity utilization of the national cement industry; second, conch's superb site layout, conch cement (600585).
If you have one, give it to him and tell him he has more. There's a huge drop in demand in the tri-northern area. We judge that the regional demand for conch operations in the second half of the year -- 2018/08/16.
Or better than in the first half of the year, especially the pro-poor infrastructure in the south-west, the construction of new rural areas, and the continuation of investments in the eastern part of the country, which makes this year’s cement investment very risky. Price elasticity and undervalued by the market.
The tightness of clinker, which is very low (currently less than 50 per cent) in the middle of the season, except for small businesses, where it is difficult to buy enough goods, is very low in the q2 price system this year: we believe that the market underestimates the elasticity of the company’s performance.
Net cash companies, three fees continue to fall, and the balance sheet is extremely high. Three tons in the first half of the year cost a crown of $21.69, of which q2 is re-recording $19.04, and we believe that the significant decline in the cost of finance is the main reason, with 2018q2 being $124 million, the company's first half of the year.
The net financial gain was $65.5 million, mainly due to lower expenditure after repayment of group loans, and we measured interest-bearing liabilities at $10,422 million, a decrease of $2.9 billion compared to q1; and savings and interest receivable of $490 million: cash flow of the company was strong, with 2018q2 in hand currency funds of $24.9 billion, operating in the first half of the year.
The net cash flow of the activity is $11.9 billion, or 136 per cent; we believe that the conch is the printing machine in the cement industry, and that the ample cash flow and the reduced depreciation costs will further reduce the cost of the ton, which is the perfect expression of its value.
In the first half of 2018, business performance was expected to become fully public-serviced in the long run, as the voice of the conch industry increased and the profit center increased. If, in our view, environmental restrictions and self-regulation peak production in the industry continued to cause supply contraction, the supply and demand balance in China was broken.
A very low inventory of clinker will lead to an early and more productive season, and then, in many places, to production restrictions, price of cement, market undervalued elasticity, the highest degree of certainty in the East China region, company leadership in the industry, and the apparent elasticity of profit in 2018, which we think is an amazing semi-annual report:
2 q2 sales are exceeding expectations, and growth beyond the industry reflects a very strong combination of competitiveness. 2018 q1 and q2 we measured combined sales of cement clinkers at 59 million tons and 84 million tons, respectively, at a rate of 0.02 per cent and 11.99 per cent, respectively, and sales of q2 were well above market expectations and the highest increase since the second quarter of 2014.
We believe that sales are overexpected, reflecting basically two aspects, the first being the production of the wrong peaks and the twin tubes for air pollution prevention and control, and the tightening of environmental oversight accountability, which is conducive to environmental protection of the best-quality conch cement, so that the conch can guarantee the highest capacity utilization of the country's cement industry; and the second, the layout of the conch, where the conch is located, the basic cement needs of the China-East region.
In 2017, the central region experienced a steady increase of 7.79 per cent in demand in the first half of the western part of the river, Hunan and Anhui, with demand growing at a rate of between 6 and 9 per cent in the two broad regions of the south and 5.56 per cent in the five provinces of the west; and a sharp decline in demand in the tri-northal regions, where the conch is largely unstructured. This, we believe, cannot be separated from the operational capacity of the conch;
We judge that the regional demand for conch operations in the second half of the year is better than the first half of the year, particularly the pro-poor infrastructure in the south-west, the construction of new rural areas and the continuation of construction of investments in eastern property; this has made this year's risks of cement investment very small;3 price elasticity, which has been underestimated by the market; and we believe that the most striking feature of this year's industry is the stress on clinker, except for that of clinker.
Small businesses have difficulty in getting enough to buy out, and the clinker stocks that are common in large enterprises are very low in the low season (up to 50 per cent), so the price system for q2 this year is very strong, and we believe that the supply side has received production limits and faults for environmental reasons. The peak is stronger than in 2017, and the current cycle may be longer than in any previous round.
In terms of profitability, we estimate the average ton export price of cement clinker from the main business of Camp 2018h1 at $310.5 per cent and 35.6 per cent and above, but the impact on cement is less than $20 per ton and is therefore completely digested: 2018h1 tons of MK137.36 and 85.26 per cent, as a result of the price escalation, so that the price increase for cement is basically higher to the profit margin;
The ring ratio has fallen by $13, and we believe that the first quarter was mainly a seasonal fall during the spring festival in February, the month was largely restored to the season in March, while the cost at the normal sales level of the second quarter was basically real; ton of Maori q2 was equivalent to US$ 144.6, which was an increase of US$ 78.79 per cent over the 17.6 ring; this level of profit was historically high; we fully support it in terms of supply and demand.
The level of profitability continues to rise, adding to the low stock currently prevailing in July, and the basis for price increases is stronger than ever before; we believe that the market underestimated the company's performance elasticity;
4. Net cash companies, three fees continue to fall and balance sheet bills are extremely high. Three tons in the first half of the year cost a crown of 21.69 crowns, of which q2 was re-recorded with $19.04. We believe that the significant decline in financial costs is the main reason, while 2018q2 is $124 million and the company made a net financial gain of $65.5 million in the first half of the year, mainly in group lending.
After repayment, we measured interest-bearing liabilities at $10,422 million, a decrease of $2.9 billion compared to q1; savings and interest receivable of $490 million; firm cash flows of $201.8q2 in hand currency funds of $24.9 billion; net cash flows from business activities of $11.9 billion in the first half of the year increased by 136 per cent; we consider the conch to be a cash printing machine in the cement industry.
By the end of the reporting period, the company would have been able to produce 344 million tons of cement, 30.9 million tons of bone production and 600,000 cubic metres of commercial hybrid production.
The integration of the industrial chain is complementary to each other, and the integration of competitiveness is further enhanced. As environmental protection becomes stronger, the scarcity of mineral capital highlights the rapid growth of corporate backbone operations, which depend on their own high-quality mineral resources, reaching a combined Māori rate of 1 billion tons in the first half of the year, and is expected to be a new growth point for the company’s performance.
6. Mergers and overseas deployments are advancing steadily. On the one hand, companies are working on domestic production lines and M & As projects (on the other hand, on 24 July, they acquired three lines and five milling stations in Guangdong Guangdong Cement) and, on the other hand, they are moving steadily towards internationalization, with the first half of the year, the production of the Battambang conch in Cambodia, the completion of the North Su Sea conch project in Indonesia and its imminent completion, Laos, Myanmar, etc.
As we move forward in an orderly fashion, it is expected that by the end of the 13th century the company will have overseas cement production capacity of 50 million tons, and that the cement map will expand further, with companies moving out in line with the "one-way" policy, while conch will spread the culture of excellent companies and increase international influence.
Real estate and capital investments fell below expectations and demand fell sharply; Supply-side reforms fell short of expectations, backward production was slow to exit and supply and demand patterns varied; and price increases, such as coal, ore, led to higher costs.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report